C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1.html#1:::Database Administrator;Database Administrator;Database administration;Database;Ms sql server;Ms sql server 2005;Sql server;Sql server 2005;Sql server 2008;Sql server 2008 r2;Sql server 2012;Sql;Sql queries;Stored procedures;Clustering;Backups;T-sql;Virtualization;R2;Maintenance;Problem solving;Shipping:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator - Family Private Care LLC Lawrenceville, GA A self-motivated Production SQL Server Database Administrator who possesses  strong analytical and problem solving skills. My experience includes SQL Server  2005, 2008 and 2012, 2014, SSIS, as well as clustering, mirroring, and high  availability solutions in OLTP environments. I am proficient in database backup,  recovery, performance tuning, maintenance tasks, security, and consolidation.  I am confident that I would make a beneficial addition to any company. Over the  course of my career thus far, I have designed databases to fit a variety of needs,  successfully ensured the security of those databases, problem-solved in order to meet  both back-end and front-end needs, installed and tested new versions database  management systems, customized and installed applications and meticulously  monitored performance for the smoothest front-end experience possible. During my  5 to 6 years working with databases. Work Experience Database Administrator Family Private Care LLC - Roswell, GA April 2017 to Present Confirm that backups have been made and successfully saved to a secure  location  Planning for backup and recovery of database information.  Maintaining archived data Backing up and restoring databases, Contacting  database vendor for technical support Generating various reports by querying from database as per needed.  Managing and monitoring data replication. Acting as liaison with users High  Availability or Disaster Recovery Logs - Check your high availability and/or disaster recovery process logs. Depending on the solution (Log Shipping,  Clustering, Replication, Database Mirroring, CDP, etc.) that you are using  dictates what needs to be checked. Correcting errors and make necessary  modification  Modify existing databases and database management systems or direct  programmers and analysts to make changes.  Work as part of a project team to coordinate database development and see  termite project scope and limitations  Train Users and answers questions.  Approve, schedule, plan, and supervise the installation and testing of new  products and improvements to computer systems, such as the installation of new databases.  Review Procedures in Database management system manuals for making  changes to database.  Select and enter codes to monitor database performance and to create  production database.  Check the backup failure alerts, correct the errors and rerun the backups.  Review the average duration of backup, any significant changes occurred  investigates on this.  Most of the time it happens due to networking low bandwidth Validate the backup files using restore verify only.  I create jobs to take care of the task and to send a notification if it fails to verify  any backup.  Monitoring all backup and log history is cleaning when designed. Find out the newly added databases and define the backup plan. I do verify the free space on  each drive on all servers, If there is significant variance in free space from the day before, research the cause of the free space fluctuation and resolve if  necessary, Often times, log files will grow because of monthly jobs automate through a job. The job runs for every one hour and reports any drive which is  having less than 15 % of free space.  I can design a SSRS report to showcase and review the delta values.  Confirm all servers/databases are up and running fine. Usually in an Enterprise  Database Environment Third Party Tools are used to monitor Servers. For  database monitoring, I can design a native SQL Server solution using T-SQL  code and a maintenance plan, it run min by min and send an email to DBA  team if it is not able to connect to any of the database in the instance. I do design a native scripts using T-SQL to monitor Replication, Mirroring, Log  shipping. Database Administrator Incomm Alpharetta - Alpharetta, GA January 2014 to February 2017 * Responsible for administering and maintaining over 150 database servers of Production and Test environment.  * Analyzes the current database environment to determine recommended database  maintenance, security, and Microsoft SQL Server best practices.  * Monitors and troubleshoots production environments using Idera SQLdm.  * Creates and maintains documentation for DBA standard operating procedures.  * Ensures that all code changes made in the production environment are SOX  compliance before they are deployed.  * Analyses and migrates data using ETL into SQL Server databases to support  customer's implementation.  * Works closely with infrastructure team for patching and hardware upgrades, and ensures that both production and test servers are up to date by applying Windows  and SQL Server patches.  * Upgrades servers as required from SQL Server 2005 to SQL Server 2008, 2012., and 2014.  * Completes database administration maintenance projects as required * Provides  24/7 on call support as needed.  * Coordinates and configures new nodes for production server clusters for high  availability.  * Periodically restores backup files in test environment to check for corruption.  * Reviews security, performance, and disk space and recommend corrective actions  where needed.  * Assists application team in the creation of databases, construction of queries, modification of database tables, and troubleshooting data issues.  * Monitors servers for resources utilization (disk space, memory, CPU, etc.)  * Creates and Executes a migration/decommission plan for over 500 databases within a 4 month project window. Education Bachelor of Science Lead City University July 2013 Skills Database administration, Database, Ms sql server, Ms sql server 2005, Sql server, Sql server 2005, Sql server 2008, Sql server 2008 r2, Sql server 2012, Sql, Sql queries, Stored procedures, Clustering, Backups, T-sql, Virtualization, R2, Maintenance, Problem solving, Shipping Additional Information SKILLS  Installation and Building Server Running Backups Recovering and  Restoring Models  Support various MS SQL Server MS SQL Server 2005/2008  environments from SQL Server /2008R2R2/2012/2014  2005 thru SQL Server 2008r2 as administration including  well as with SQL Server 2012 on installation, configuration,  Windows Server 2003, 2003r2, upgrades, capacity planning,  2008, 2008r2, 2012 and 2014. performance tuning, backup and  recovery.  Familiar with virtualization and Work with developers to Identify,  managing SQL databases in a debug, and tune problem stored  virtual environment. procedures, T-SQL Queries, etc.  Management of users including Knowledge of High Availability of  creation/alteration, grant of database servers using Database  system/DB roles and permissions mirroring, replications, Log  on various database objects. Shipping and Always On  Availability Group.  Design and implement SQL Server 201, databases for mission-critical  2005, SQL Server 2008 R2, business.  Experience in creating tables, Environment transition planning  views, indexes, stored procedures (development, test, stage,  and more. production).  Import and export data to and from Perform routine backup and  the database servers. recovery testing and documenting  recovery scenarios.  Database administration including Use SQL Profiler for  installation, configuration, troubleshooting, monitoring, and  upgrades, capacity planning, optimization of SQL Server and  performance tuning, backup and SQL code.  recovery, index maintenance.  Modify stored procedures, queries, Manage the production and  views, indexes, and functions to development databases including  handle business rules, history data performance tuning, capacity  and audit analysis. planning, SQL Server clustering,  database security configuration,  and database continuity.  Excellent analytical, Strong decision making and  communication skills, work ethics problem solving skills.  and ability to work in a team  environment with strong  determination and commitment to  the deliverables.  Highly motivated self-starter with  the ability to work independently.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\10.html#2:::Database Administrator;SQL, Microsoft PowerPoint, Windows XP, Microsoft office, Assembly Language, Microsoft Windows 7, C, C#, Visual basic and java programming ,Microprocessors ,Hardware/Systems Design, Digital Electronics, System organization, Microsoft excel.:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> sql server database administrator Houston, TX DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR  Over five years of experience in database management systems administration, expert at developing and maintaining database, with strong background of working on high-end servers. I would like to establish a fulfilling, proactive career and assume every increasing responsibility in the course of time. Work Experience Database Administrator Intercontinental Registry - Lagos, GU December 2008 to August 2011 Responsibilities  Key responsibilities.  Planning, Development:  Involved in analyzing business requirements, developing and designing data models,  • Provided and designed DB tools to assist in the database management, transactions and processing environments.  • Assessed and executed implementing of new technologies.  • Worked in coordination with company developers and project managers.  • Developed training programs and trained technical support and applications personnel to utilize on-line databases environment process.    Technical Support:  Monitored performance and capacity to provide resolutions to system problems,  • Provided technical support for SQL database environment by overseeing databases development and organization.  • Communicated regularly with staff to ensure smooth flow of information from SQL database.  • Created database with back-up system.    Maintenance:  • Monitored data availability for faster query response by user.  • Designed conceptual schema as per the client needs.  • Looked after the security of company data from external access and threats.  • Tested and installed latest versions of Database Management Systems in firm.  • Granted access to users as per their needs and requirements.    Skills Used  sql server management studio,visual studio Education bsc in computer science lagos state university - Lagos, GU Skills SQL, Microsoft PowerPoint, Windows XP, Microsoft office, Assembly Language, Microsoft Windows 7, C, C#, Visual basic and java programming ,Microprocessors ,Hardware/Systems Design, Digital Electronics, System organization, Microsoft excel.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\100.html#3:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;DATABASES;ORACLE (4 years);ORACLE 10G;SQL;LINUX;RMAN (4 years);DATAGUARD (3 years):::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - Cognizant hyderabad Carrier Objective:  To Obtain a Oracle DBA Position in a progressive Company Where I Can Utilise and Enhance my Experience and Knowledge in Constituting Effectively to the Success of the Organization, and also to Improve my Further Technical and Professional Skills.  Profile Summary:  • Over 4+ years of Experience as Architecture.  • Experienced in Installation and Maintaining Highly Critical Databases in any Operational mode on Unix/Linux, Sun Solaris.  • Experienced in 10g, 11g, 12c databases.  • Responsible for installing Oracle 11g and 12c in Single Node & Multi node's Configure host and listener.  • Experienced in Creating Users, Roles and Profiles, Assigning Roles and Profiles to Users.  • Experience on Data Guard setup 10g/11g/12c.  • Expertise in Managing and monitoring Database Storage Structures, Data Files Space, Resizing and Adding new Data files.  • Maintaining the Cold and Hot, Logical and RMAN Backups of the Databases.  • Performing Logical Backups Using Export Utility and Restoring Specific Object or Schema Using Import Utility.  • Monitoring and Performing Daily incremental Backups, Weekly Backups Using RMAN.  • Experience in Concept of Flashback Mechanism.  • Having Good and Usable Knowledge on Automatic Storage Management(ASM), Conversion of Non-ASM  Database to ASM Database and Monitoring ASM instances.  • Experience on Cloning User man and RMAN.  • Experience on Applying patches to Database CPU and PSU and interim Patches.  • Experience on Performance tuning and Troubleshooting of Database.  • Maintaining of Buffer Cache, Library Cache, and Dictionary Cache..  • Taking Care of Wait Events, Analysing Instance and System Performance.  • Analysing the DB performance Using AWR, ASH and ADDM Reports.  • Upgrade Database from 10g to 11g and 11g to 12c.  • Creation of ASM Databases, ASM Instances.    • Backups & Recovery of Databases, Table-Spaces, Data files, Design and Develop Database Backup, Recovery and Operations Procedures. Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Cognizant - Hyderabad, Telangana June 2016 to Present ·        Over 4+ years of Experience as Architecture.  ·        Experienced in Installation and Maintaining Highly Critical Databases in any Operational mode on Unix/Linux, Sun Solaris.  ·        Experienced in 10g, 11g, 12c databases.  ·        Responsible for installing Oracle 11g and 12c in Single Node & Multi node’s Configure host and listener.  ·        Experienced in Creating Users, Roles and Profiles, Assigning Roles and Profiles to Users.  ·        Experience on Data Guard setup 10g/11g/12c.  ·        Expertise in Managing and monitoring Database Storage Structures, Data Files Space, Resizing and Adding new Data files.  ·        Maintaining the Cold and Hot, Logical and RMAN Backups of the Databases.  ·        Performing Logical Backups Using Export Utility and Restoring Specific Object or Schema Using Import Utility.  ·        Monitoring  and Performing Daily incremental Backups, Weekly Backups Using RMAN.  ·        Experience in Concept of Flashback Mechanism. Oracle Database Administrator Convergys - Hyderabad, Telangana June 2014 to June 2016 Education Master of Computer Applications in Science and technology JNTU - Kakinada, Andhra Pradesh 2013 Skills DATABASES, ORACLE (4 years), ORACLE 10G, SQL, LINUX, RMAN (4 years), DATAGUARD (3 years) Additional Information Skills  Operating Systems: Red Hat Enterprise Linux, Unix  Databases: Oracle 10g, Oracle 11g R1,11g R2 and 12c, Data Guard, RMAN, ASM.  Languages: SQL  GUI: HTML  Tools & Utilities: DBCA, NETCA, Export/Import, RMAN, SQL*Plus, Putty.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1000.html#4:::Amazon Redshift Administrator and ETL Developer, Business Intelligence;Database Administrator;Database Administrator;SQL management (5 years);PostgresSQL (7 years);Oracle (1 year);MySQL (4 years);microsoft office (10+ years);PHP (3 years);.NET (2 years);ETL;Data Warehouse;Datastage;Data Stage:::Amazon Redshift Administrator and ETL Developer, Business Intelligence Amazon Redshift <span class="hl">Administrator</span> and ETL Developer, Business Intelligence ETL Developer and Database Administrator Plantation, FL To work as database administrator, implementing this role appropriately and effectively in the organizations Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Amazon Redshift Administrator and ETL Developer, Business Intelligence MSP Recovery - Fort Lauderdale, FL February 2018 to Present Maintain multiple database environments (Redshift, RDS) in AWS.  User management and group in Redshift.  Design and Developed ETL jobs to extract data from RDS and load it in Redshift Matillion ETL and python script).  Experience working within the AWS Big Data Ecosystem (S3, RDS, and Redshift).     Expertise in development of various reports and prepare the data for the utilization with tableau.  Expertise Query Tuning and Performance optimization and Implementing Work Load management.  Managing Amazon Redshift Snapshots using the console. Database Administrator CEAACES - Quito, Provincia de Pichincha November 2014 to December 2015 QUITO ECUADOR  • Designed of Conceptual Logical Model and Physical Model.  • Implemented, supported and managed the database.  • Kept data integrity and availability.  • Designed, deployed and monitored database servers.  • Managed user administration  • Migrated different databases in SQL Management, PostgreSQL and Oracle  • Migrated and created new database structures, such as tables, indexes and stored procedures from development to the production environment.  • Created and tuned query, stored procedures, triggers, views and added/changed tables for data load and transformation, and data extraction.  • Created backup and restored strategy of production, development and test environments.  • Executed recovery databases and created the documentation to provide the disaster recovery processes. Database Administrator Ceige - Havana, IL September 2007 to October 2014 CEIGE, LA HAVANA CUBA  • Produced entity relationship & data flow diagrams, database normalization schemata logical to physical database maps, and data table parameters.  • Installed and managed Database Server  • Created and monitored user accounts, user permissions, database extents and table partitions.  • Implemented robust backup and recovery procedures based on data volatility and application availability requirements  • Monitored and optimized system performance using index tuning, disk optimization, and other methods.  • Monitored the size of the transaction log. Managed databases on multiple disks using Disk Mirroring technology.  • Collected, stored, managed, and enabled the ability to query the organization's metadata.  • Ensured data availability using administration tactics  • Designed, debugged, implemented, and maintained stored procedures, triggers, and user-defined functions that are stored in the DBMS Education Bachelor in Computer Science University of Informatics June 2007 Skills SQL management (5 years), PostgresSQL (7 years), Oracle (1 year), MySQL (4 years), microsoft office (10+ years), PHP (3 years), .NET (2 years), ETL, Data Warehouse, Datastage, Data Stage Additional Information • Proficent in data modeling and database design  • Skilled at Metadata management and repository usage  • Experienced to manage large databases  • Able to organize the procedures that affect the database, such as backup and recovery procedures  • Able to solve technical problems that are caused by database design or malfunction  • Good communication skills to provide database help  • Procedural skills  • Ability to focus on deadlines and deliverables  • Able to work with SQL Management, PostgreSQL, Oracle, MySQL, Microsoft Office
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1001.html#5:::Scrum Master;Oracle Database Administrator/ Scrum Master;Junior Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle;Sql;Linux;Sun;Ux;Rman;Hp-ux;Rdbms;Oem;Loader;Agile Scrum;Jira;Scrum Master;CSM;Scrum:::Scrum Master Scrum Master Scrum Master Richmond, VA Work Experience Scrum Master Quest Technologies - Washington, DC October 2015 to April 2019 Responsibilities:  Organize and facilitate Scrum ceremonies and backlog refinement under minimal supervision  • Champion Agile software development best practices, acting as a coach to the Scrum teams  • Support the Product Owner in grooming and maintaining the product backlog  • Track and communicate team status and progress via burnup and burndown charts, as well as other information radiators, to the team, management, and stakeholders ¬ ensuring it accurately reflects current state  • Take responsibility for managing dependencies between the Scrum team and others, collaborating within the Scrum Master network ¬ especially with regard to items necessary for product release  • Demonstrate sense of urgency and responsiveness to complete work and solve problems, with a strong drive to persevere when faced with ambiguity  • Proactively remove or escalate roadblocks to allow team progress  • Maintains relevant metrics to help the team monitor their performance  • Encourages continual improvement in Engineering practices to improve code quality and delivery  • Coordinates timely response and support to production line customer issues, when escalated Oracle Database Administrator/ Scrum Master Prudential - Richmond, VA June 2013 to October 2015 Responsibilities:  • Ensured the team remained focused on continuously delivering working products  • Track the teams process and made sure the agile process was being followed  • Worked with team members to rid of any impediments and keep progress continuous by escalating issues and removing outside barriers  • Developed sprint plans and tracked and monitored the status of completion  • Facilitating daily stand-ups, sprint planning, backlog grooming, and retrospective meetings  • Updated the metrics to reflect accurate status of work being completed  • Personality to coordinate with teams members with different backgrounds while using different forms of communication  • Installed, configured, and maintained Oracle 10g and 11gR2 on Linux and also Upgraded from Oracle 10g to 11g.  • Extensive Experience with RMAN Backups, Hot Backups and Logical Backups.  • Strong skills in applying security patches (Patch set, Critical Patch Updates (CPU) / Patch Set Updates (PSU), One-off Patch) using "runInstaller" and perl based utility "opatch".  • Performance tuning of the database - SQL Tuning, Used Tuning utilities like STATSPACK, TKPROF  • Experienced in configuration of ASM for RAC and NON- RAC environments.  • Construction of Catalog databases and developed scripts to perform Backups of Large Databases to fit the backup window using RMAN.  • Supported & maintained the Production/Development databases on various servers  • Extensively worked on setting up auditing in many databases we supported  • Managing Database Structure and Storage Allocation  • Monitored different databases and application servers using Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) 12c Grid Control. Junior Oracle Database Administrator Time Warner Cable - Richmond, VA May 2012 to June 2013 • Implement Grid based monitoring solution for large Databases and Installation of Cluster ware, configuring public, private and VIP.  • Extensively worked in various areas of Data guard i.e. Installation, Recovery, RTA (Real Time Apply), Patching, Tuning, Switchover, Switchback and Failover.  • Implemented and configured 11g grid control on RHEL.  • Configured Oracle Streams on Oracle 11g, 10g databases for data replication and monitored them using Grid Control.  • Automated the Data Replication process using Materialized Views for reporting databases.  • Used Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) 11g Grid Control for monitoring multiple database and notification of database alerts, and configured EM agents on multiple database servers.  • Maintenance of Oracle 11gR2 Real Application Cluster (RAC) Database for High Availability, Scalability and Performance by determining the best Cluster architecture, choosing the best hardware configuration for Oracle RAC.  • Successful in installation/maintenance of Physical Standby database using Oracle Data Guard for Oracle 11.2.0.3 and Oracle 10.2.0.5 RAC databases.  • Implemented switchovers on primary and standby databases as a part of planned maintenance activities.  • Used TOAD for database management.  • Made optimal use of Oracle Support in resolving the SRs. Education Virginia Commomwealth University - Richmond, VA August 2013 to Present Skills Oracle, Sql, Linux, Sun, Ux, Rman, Hp-ux, Rdbms, Oem, Loader, Agile Scrum, Jira, Scrum Master, CSM, Scrum Additional Information TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES:    Tools and Utilites:  RMAN, OEM, SQL*Loader, EXP, IMP, Data pump, TOAD, Oracle SQL Developer.    RDBMS:  Oracle 9i, 10g, 11g, 12c    Operating Systems:  HP-UX 10.x, 11.x, 12c, Sun RHEL 2.1, 3.x, 4.x, 5.x.Linux Enterprise
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1002.html#6:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Field Service Representative / Technician;Please see 'Additional Information' section. (6 years);Oracle DBA (6 years);DBA:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - SUNTRUST BANK Fort Meade, MD • More than six years of experience in the IT industry as an Oracle Database Administrator (DBA), having extensive experience in production support, installation, configuration, upgrades, cloning, space management and database security management with Oracle Software on Red Hat Linux, Solaris, IBM AIX, and Windows platforms.  • Possess high competency in advanced DBA skills such as backup, recovery and performance tuning.  • Good exposure with Configuring Single Instance, Oracle Real Application Clusters (RAC) and Automatic Storage Management (ASM).  • Experience in installing and patching Oracle RAC with ASM on IBM AIX, Solaris and Linux platforms.  • Expertise in setting up Data Guard Failover, Switchover and Read-Only scenarios. Fabricated multiple Clone databases using the traditional method and Recovery Manager (RMAN) utility for high availability configuration.  • Good exposure with Oracle DBA tasks like Installation, Patching, Cloning and Upgrading of Oracle Databases and Grid Infrastructure.  • Extensive knowledge of database backup and recovery strategy using RMAN and configuration of Recovery Catalog for multiple databases.  • Performed periodic backups, both full and incremental, and restoration recovery of database using the RMAN utility.  • Exposure to SQL Tuning Advisor, SQL Profiles, SQL Monitoring, SQL Access Advisor, SQL Baselines, SQLTXTRACT tools and utilities.  • Installed Oracle 10g and 11g RAC software with ASM and Oracle Cluster File System, Version 2 (OCFS2) on RHEL and HP-UX.  • Experience in migration of Non-RAC database to RAC, RAC to Non-RAC using RMAN, RCONFIG and DBCA.  • Experience with adding and deletion of Nodes in RAC.  • Experience with upgrading databases from 10g and 11gR2 to 12c.  • Work with Oracle Advanced Technologies like Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control, Oracle Streams, Data Guard and Real Application Clusters.  • Implemented and configured replication technology using Data Guard installation, configuration and troubleshooting on Linux and UNIX Platforms.  • Implemented different Backup and Recovery strategies using RMAN, Complete and Incomplete Recovery of databases during database crash, disk/media failure, etc.  • Extensively used RMAN DUPLICATE to clone/duplicate target database and restore Tablespace Point-in-Time Recovery (TSPITR).  • Efficiently implemented logical backups using tools like Oracle Data Pump Export/Import and Classic (Original) Export/Import.  • Experience with applying security and quarterly (PSU & CPU) patches to the databases.  • Cloning Oracle Application from PROD to DEV, TEST, and UAT environment.  • Installation, configuration, patching, upgrading and maintenance of Oracle Applications and Oracle Databases.  • Experience in replication using Materialized Views.  • Security User Management, Privileges, Roles, Auditing, Profiling and Authentication.  • Hands-on experience with the new Oracle FLASHBACK Technology like enabling Flashback feature, configuring FLASH RECOVERY AREA (FRA) and implementing Flashback recovery strategies like FLASHBACK Drop, FLASHBACK Table, FLASHBACK Query and FLASHBACK Database.  • Performance Monitoring and Tuning of databases using tools like SQL Tuning Advisor, Sales Performance Management (SPM), Segment Advisor, STATSPACK, Automatic Workload Repository (AWR), Active Session History (ASH) and ADDM reports.  • Experience working with SQL Tuning tools like SQL Trace, Explain Plan and SQL Profiles.  • Oracle GoldenGate knowledge.  • Configured and maintained unidirectional replication in GoldenGate.  • Creating and maintaining Oracle Wallet and remote authentication.  • Good understanding of System Development Life Cycle, Automatic Undo Management, RAID concepts and advanced features of Oracle 11g.  • Expertise in Tuning memory, I/O and CPU utilization, Disk usage and Space utilization.  • Upgrading and Migration of Oracle Database to higher version and other platforms using manual method and traditional Export/Import, Data Pump & Transportable Tablespace (TTS).  • Experience in coding SQL, PL/SQL packages, functions, stored procedures, triggers, and Materialized Views for Oracle Database.  • Hands-on experience with Logical backups, Hot/Cold backups, Recovery, and cloning of databases using RMAN, SQL-BackTrack, Veritas NetBackup.  • Disk Space Management involving managing archives, space allocation to various tablespaces and capacity planning for new applications.  • Expertise in configuring RMAN with Catalog/Nocatalog and worked on Point-In-Time Recovery and Flashback.  • Plugging the tablespace between different platforms using Cross-Platform Transportable Tablespace utility.  • Collected performance statistics using STATSPACK/AWR and Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor (ADDM).  • Used TKPROF utility and Explain Plan for tuning SQL queries.  • Expertise in loading data from flat files using external tables and SQL*Loader.  • Experience with SQL, PL/SQL and UNIX Shell Scripting.  • Hands-on experience in tuning mappings, identifying and resolving performance bottlenecks in various levels like sources, targets, mappings, and sessions.  • Excellent analytical, problem solving, communication and interpersonal skills.  • Highly effective in communicating with engineers and technicians.  • Skilled in detailed work, redefining a wide range of operational difficulties.  • Strength in analyzing and improving electronics and administrative methods.  • Committed to maintaining quality and efficiency.  • Enjoy the challenge of providing high quality direct service to clients.  • Proven ability to effectively facilitate communication between management and project personnel.  • Highly inquisitive, creative and resourceful; goal oriented, and enthusiastic quick learner. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator SUNTRUST BANK - Tampa, FL February 2015 to Present • 24x7 database administration, support and monitoring to ensure proactive problem recognition and resolution of database issues.  • Migration of Oracle Databases from Windows to Linux.  • Apply patches to Oracle Databases and Oracle Applications.  • Upgrade development and production databases to Oracle 10g.  • Proactive database monitoring using Oracle 10g grid monitoring tool.  • Database tuning using SQL Trace, STATSPACK, EXPLAIN PLAN and TKPROF.  • Extensive Performance Tuning, Memory (SGA) Tuning, NetBackup, EMC (TimeFinder and SRDF), RAID and RAW Devices.  • Perform database cloning to set up test and development databases.  • Responsible for optimizing the queries and application tuning.  • Perform SQL Tuning and assist developers with coding PL/SQL.  • Provide support to Application Database Administrators in designing the database.  • Use RMAN for backup and recovery. Perform Hot, Cold and Logical backups. Perform backup validations using RMAN.  • Management of schemas, objects partitioning the tables & indexes.  • Automation of data load using KornShell scripting and SQL*Loader.  • Responsible for setting and managing user accounts, and granting required privileges to users.  • Perform other DBA activities such as space management and performance monitoring.  • Experience in Oracle Database monitoring, troubleshooting and resolving issues.  • Have implemented two types of standby databases supported by Data Guard, Logical standby and Physical standby databases in 11gR2 on two-node RAC.  • Hands-on experience in Hot/Cold Backup, Recovery and Cloning of databases using RMAN with Veritas NetBackup and Commvault.  • Implement Active Data Guard, creating both Logical and Physical Standby databases in 10g, 11g & 12c environment for the Production databases.  • Configure and manage Data Guard extensively for Production databases of sizes ranging from 50GB to 5TB.  • Performance Tuning - Gathering stats, creating indexes and tuning memory settings for optimal performance.  • Work with 11gR2, 12c multi-node RAC/Non-RAC environment on LINUX, ASM, SCAN, and GIS.  • Set up and configuration of Standby Databases, Active Data Guard, Snapshot Standby and Data Guard Broker.  • Involvement in timely database and application releases for Oracle Applications in conjunction with the Development Team, Application Team, System Administrators and Release Teams.  • Tuning of Oracle Database, tuning memory, I/O, Resource contention, Database operation and performance diagnostic tools (TKPROF, SQL Trace utility, Oracle Expert and Oracle SQL Analyze).  • Frequent interaction with Developers, working with them in developing the applications using SQL Trace and Explain Plan utilities.  • Implement partitioning on huge tables to improve performance and reduce maintenance to finite window operations.  • Monitor databases using Oracle Enterprise Manager and Toad. Monitoring at the OS Level and monitor backups using the OASIS tool.  • Install, configure, and maintain Oracle Audit Vault for auditing all of the databases at the same time.  • Set up and Maintenance of Oracle Advanced features like Oracle FLASHBACK and Flash Recovery Area, Data Guard (Physical Standby) and Failover procedures.  • Experience on OEM 12c installation.  • Knowledge in the architecture design of OEM, Oracle Database and application monitoring.  • Implement and configure GoldenGate in RAC environment.  • Implement 11g Interval Partitioning for monthly partitioning of large tables.  • Develop RMAN Backup strategies for cloning the test databases with the production environment and work on RMAN Active-Active Duplication.  • Experience with logical backups EXPDP/IMPDP and extensively used for Re-hosting the application using GoldenGate. Worked with conventional EXP/IMP for migrating data from 9i to 10g.  • Schedule RMAN backups, purge jobs, maintenance jobs using DBMS_JOBS, DBMS_SCHEDULER, Crontab and $Universe.  • Design and implement different backup strategies like Hot, Cold, RMAN with Flash Recovery Area and Logical Backups EXPDP/IMPDP.  • Handle Chained Rows and Row Migration, and solve the database performance issues.  • Experience with ASM, adding, and deleting disks to the disk group.  • Support development teams for all the database-related issues and handle the critical issues like network failures and ASM Disk Group errors and node failures in the RAC cluster.  • Generate STATSPACK/AWR reports using OEM 12c from Oracle 11g database and analyze the reports for Oracle Wait Events, time consuming SQL Queries, tablespace growth, and database growth.  • Use Explain Plan, Oracle Optimizer Hints and creation of new indexes to improve the performance of SQL statements. Involved in SQL Query tuning and provide tuning recommendations to application jobs, and time/CPU-consuming queries.    Tools Used: Oracle RMAN, Oracle 11g (11.2.0.2), DBMS STATS, Data Pump, SQL Trace, TKPROF and EXPLAIN PLAN Oracle Database Administrator ESTES-EXPRESS - Richmond, VA March 2013 to February 2015 • Cloned and migrated databases using RMAN and traditional Data Pump Export/Import utilities in Oracle 10gR2.  • Implemented recovery strategies whenever required and successfully recovered databases using RMAN if the database crashed or media/disk failed.  • Scheduled the Physical backups (Hot & Cold) in Crontab using RMAN and monitored the scheduled jobs.  • Performed configuration changes using Autoconfig.  • Pre-Patch Analysis for the patches and document preparation with pre- and post-patch steps.  • Applied patches (Maintenance Pack, Interoperability Patch, Release Update Patches (RUP), and Family Pack).  • Created application users, user profiles, responsibilities, menus, and functions.  • Validated and created grants & synonyms on APPS schemas. Performed JAR file/forms generation as a post-patch step, and Relinking the Oracle APPS programs.  • Performed Application Tracing for various user sessions and for various concurrent programs.  • Monitored the alert log and trace files for errors.  • Performed cloning of Production database to TEST environment to provide user live data for testing purposes.  • Managed OLTP databases, RAC and Non-RAC having 24x7 activities, handled all aspects of databases including administration, tuning, backup and recovery in Production, Test and Development environments.  • Provided the database dumps and schema level dumps to DEV and TEST database environments.  • Performed reorg of the schema/tables and data archiving at regular time intervals.  • Planned and Scheduled Backup/Restoration Strategies and made backups of the database using RMAN.  • Responsible for Creating Users, Groups, Roles, Profiles and assigning the users to groups and granting necessary privileges to the relevant groups.  • Used SQL Trace, TKPROF, Explain Plan utilities for optimizing and tuning SQL queries.  • Maintained data integrity and security using integrity constraints and database triggers.  • Provided 24x7 support for all production and development databases.  • Strong skills in applying security patches (Patch Set, Critical Patch Updates (CPU) / Patch Set Updates (PSU), One-off Patch) using “runInstaller” and Perl based utility “OPatch”.  • Applied patches 10.2.0.2, 10.2.0.3 and 10.2.0.4.  • Highly experienced in implementing Oracle's Transportable Tablespace (TTS) feature using Data Pump Export/Import of Oracle 10g and 11g allowing users to quickly move a user tablespace across Oracle Databases.  • Expertise in implementing data refreshes at database, schema and table level using RMAN utility and Data Pump conventional Export/Import of Oracle 10g and 11g.  • Performed installation and configuration of Oracle 10.2.0.1 database on the HP-UX platform.  • Successfully performed migrations from Oracle 9i/10g to 10gR2 RAC (Real Application Cluster) database.  • Successfully upgraded the databases from 11g to non-CDB (Container Database) on 12c.  • Successfully migrated 12c non-CDB databases to Pluggable Databases (PDB).  • Created Oracle Wallets and implemented tablespace level Transparent Data Encryption (TDE) security.  • Constantly monitored the performance (Dynamic Performance (V$) Views) at peak load of the databases and viewed the alert log files and trace files.  • Ran scripts to check the database status, such as growing table sizes, extent allocation, free space, used space, fragmentation etc.  • Performed space management, capacity planning, disaster recovery and overall maintenance of the databases.  • Created Physical Standby databases using RMAN with zero downtime. Performed Switchover and Failover using Data Guard Broker and manually performed this operation when required.  • Worked extensively with Physical Standby database, troubleshooting, switchover and switchback with Physical Standby setup.  • Successfully performed data replication using Materialized Views and Oracle Streams in Oracle 10gR2.    Tools Used: Oracle Streams, RMAN, Data Pump, Oracle 10.2.0.1, HP-UX 11i, Sun Solaris 10.0, SQL Trace, TKPROF and Explain Plan Field Service Representative / Technician ROCHE DIAGNOSTICS FOR ADECCO TECHNICAL - Columbia, MD October 2009 to March 2013 • Provided routine technical support to Roche Diagnostics' customers on installation and maintenance aspects of molecular diagnostics system equipment and robotics.  • Performed service, repair and installation of company products, including mechanical/system hardware and networking/wireless networking, sometimes working with the primary technical specialist.  • Performed hardware updates on medical equipment using standard and specialized hand tools.  • Performed software updates of medical devices.  • Performed electrical safety tests on medical devices using an electrical safety analyzer.  • Recorded test results.  • Input and manipulated data in a Microsoft Excel spreadsheet.    Tools Used: Roche Diagnostics' Molecular Analyzers (Ampliprep, LC480, TaqMan48, TaqMan96, MagNa Pure 96, MagNa Pure Compact, Hamilton Star, Cobas 4800) Education School of Professional and Graduate Studies/Technical Courses BAKER UNIVERSITY - Overland Park, KS General/Business/Science Courses UNIVERSITY OF ALASKA - Anchorage, AK Skills Please see 'Additional Information' section. (6 years), Oracle DBA (6 years), DBA Certifications/Licenses Oracle Certified Associate Present Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Oracle Databases  Oracle 10g, 11g and 12c    Database Tools  Oracle (Oracle Enterprise Manager, SQL*Plus, SQL Loader, and DB Configuration Assistant) Toad, OEM Grid, RMAN, SQL*Loader, Data Pump Exp/Imp, LogMiner, Statspack/AWR, Shareplex Top, DBCA, DBUA, ADDM, Oracle Migration Workbench, BMC Remedy, Erwin and Quest QDesigner    Operating Systems  LINUX, UNIX (Solaris 8, 9 & 10), IBM AIX, Windows 7, 8 & 10, MAC OS 9 and OS X    Hardware  Red Hat Linux 6.2, Dell EMC Servers, HP-UX 9000, Hitachi, Sun Fire 15K, Sun Storage 6320, Sun Enterprise Servers (890, 880, 420 & 450), Sun StorEdge 6320, Compaq Servers (6000, 3000, 1600 & 800), IBM PC and Compatibles    Software  Microsoft Word, Mail Merge, Excel, Power Point, Outlook, Exchange and various others    Other Technical / Computer Skills  Oracle Database 11g: SQL Fundamentals I  ETA International Computer Service Technician Certification / A+  Hardware Break Fix Technician  CompTIA Network+ (Accredited Course Certificate / Industry Certification Pending)  ETA International Wireless Network Technician Certification  ETA International Fiber Optics Advanced Certification  ETA International Customer Service Specialist Certification  Other office, electronics, business and industry related equipment  Web Design / Graphics Design
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1003.html#7:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Production Support Database Administrator;Database;Oracle;Sql;Rman;Hp-ux;Ux;Red hat;Solaris;Unix;Aix;Linux;Sun;Remedy;Erwin;Oem;Loader;Emc:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - Caresource Cincinnati, OH • Oracle Database Administrator over 7+ years of experience with strong emphasis on delivering world-class solutions across corporate  • Mainly Oracle Database Administration experience including Oracle Exadata, Oracle Enterprise Manager Cloud Control 12c & 13c Release 2 (12.1.0.2), 11gR2 RAC on LINUX and Sun Solaris, Installation, Upgrading, Patching, sizing, creating Oracle Databases, and Oracle database Objects, data migrations, Troubleshooting, Performance & Tuning, Backup & Recovery, and Database integrity and Security.  • Experience in TDE(Transparent Data Encryption) in both 11g wallet and 12C Keystore.  • DBA and well versed with SQA(Software quality assurance) life cycle, requirement gathering, deploying test cases development, also with Oracle EBS(E-Business Suite).  • Hands on experience in Oracle 9i, 10g, 11g and 12c RAC implementation & administration (Oracle Clusterware setup and configuration, RAC installation using ASM, Grid Installation)  • Good experience in RAC Clusterware administration, Configuration and Patching Performing day-to-day database administration tasks like SRVCTL,CRSCTL ASMCMD,CELLCLI and dcli  • Extensive experience designing and implementing backup and recovery strategy for databases using Recovery Manager (RMAN).  • Experience with various database Backup and Recovery methods like PITR, TSPITR, Export/Import and Flashback Technologies.  • Experience in the field of Database Technology with experience in designing, developing implementing Databases.  • Have ample knowledge in implementing policies, and procedures for disaster recovery and archival processing to ensure data protection.  • Expert in delivering Oracle Database performance-tuning services for customers with EXPLAIN PLAN, TKPROF, STATSPACK, SQL TRACE, ORADEBUG, 11g OEM Grid monitoring custom scripts troubleshooting oracle databases using SQL trace utilities.  • Experience with SQL coding including DDL, DML and fine tuning those sql's for better performance.  • Good knowledge v$ performance views and command line skills to identify information about sessions, wait events, system performance etc  • Involved in tuning applications for optimal response time using SQL /Optimizer Trace at various levels and events, Explain Plan, TKprof, or debug and also identifying the poor SQL's, histograms, row chaining & row migrations and tune accordingly.  • Exposure to SQL Tuning Advisor, SQL Profiles, SQL Monitoring, SQL Access Advisor, SQL Baselines and SQLTXTRACT tools and utilities.  • Applying Patches, Critical Patch Update/Patch Set update and One-off Patches using OPatch. Experience in patching RAC databases in rolling fashion to maintain high availability.  • Extensive experience in designing Logical and Physical data models for new developments using ERwin modeler.  • Experience in using 11g features Flash-Back Recovery, Data Pump, AWR, ASM, ADDM, ASH, Recycle Bin, 11g&12c Grid Monitoring.  • Skilled in cross platform migrations from Windows to Linux, Solaris, HP and AIX unix  • Excellent Experience in installing and maintaining Oracle Dataguard to implement physical Standby Databases for Disaster Recovery.  • Proficient in setting up Standby Database using shell scripts and RMAN utility tool, activating and Re-building Standby Databases both Physical and Logical supported by DATAGUARD.  • Migrated databases from Non-ASM file system to ASM file system using RMAN.    • Expertise in Configuring RMAN with Catalog /No catalog and worked on Point-In-Time Recovery and flashback.  • Plugging the tablespace between different platforms using Cross platform transportable tablespace Utility.  • Collecting performance statistics using Statspack/AWR (Automatic Workload Repository) and ADDM (Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor).  • Used TKPROF utility and Explain Plan for tuning SQL queries.  • Experience in regular DBA activities such as Upgrades, Patches, TAR support, Cloning, Backups and Recovery Manager, Performance Tuning, Capacity Planning and documentation  • Excellent analytical, problem solving, communication and interpersonal skills Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Caresource - Dayton, OH June 2017 to Present • Support many databases running Oracle 11g & 12.2.0.1 on Standalones & Exadata environment ,running on X6s with the use of Cloud Control 12C in monitoring.  • Create documentation to support the business and satisfy regulatory requirements.  • Plan and execute disaster recovery for company production systems.  • Research and solve Oracle with Oracle Support.  • Provide senior level DBA support for applications, including developing data migration scripts, data validation queries, and a maintenance plan for the various development versions of these applications.  • Provide documentation and support for all aspects of maintenance and development.  • Work with application development team staff to develop & test database architecture and approve all production schema changes.  • Manage movement of data between Dev,Test. UAT and Production.  • Tune database instances and applications and recommend changes to improve database performance.  • Migration of data from sql-server to Oracle12C.  • Plan and implement backup and recovery strategy and write scripts to do nightly RMAN backup.  • Installed, patched, and managed Oracle Database versions 11g on Red Hat Linux  • Able to resolve the performance issue in database 12c using full database caching and In-Memory Aggregation features.  • Hand on experience in cloning the non-multitenant container database to pluggable database in 12c using the PDB Metadata clone, PDB Remote Clone and PDB Snapshot cloning feature.  • Have implemented two type of standby databases supported by Data Guard, logical standby and physical standby databases in 11gR2  • Having hands on experience in Hot/Cold Backup, Recovery and Cloning of databases using RMAN with VERITAS Net Backup.  • Implemented Active Data guard, creating both Logical and Physical Standby databases in 10g,11gRAC & 12C environment for the Production databases.  • Experiencing in Installing OEM 12c and 13c Cloud Control and upgrading the 11g management agents to 12c agents.  • Implemented Golden Gate in moving large volumes of transactional data, with minimal impact to online systems.  • Cloning/duplicate of database with RMAN and user-managed (hot/cold) backups.  • Migration of databases to 12C from Oracle 10g&11g.  • Implemented and maintained Oracle 11g Data Guard/standby databases for fail-over purposes.  • Also, worked on Network data encryption to improve the security and implemented SSL wallet to secure the connections.  • Migrated OLAP databases close to 8TB with minimal downtime using GoldenGate and verified data integrity using Goldengate Veridata tool for Linux 3 Node RAC.  • Database Services creation for distributing the applications across multiple nodes, extensively used all command line utilities SRVCTL, CRSCTL, ADR, ASMCMD,  • Partitioned tables Maintenance, adding new partitions, exchanging one year old partitions then archiving of the exchanged partitions, dropping or truncating of old portions.  • Implemented Range,list and interval Partitioning for monthly partitioning of large tables.  • Developed RMAN Backup strategies for cloning the test databases with the production environment and worked on RMAN active-active duplication.  • Experience with Logical backups EXPDP/IMPDP and extensively used for Re-hosting the application using Golden Gate and worked with conventional EXP/IMP for migrating data from 9i to 10G.  • Scheduled RMAN backups, purge jobs, Maintenance Jobs using DBMS_JOBS, DBMS_SCHEDULER, Crontab.  • Designed and implemented different backup strategies like Cold, Hot, MAN with Flash Recovery Area and Logical Backups EXPDP/IMPDP.  • Handled Chained Rows and Row migration, and solved the database performance issues.  • Experienced with ASM, adding, deleting disks to the disk group.  • Supported development teams for all the database related issues and handled the critical issues like network failures and ASM DISK group errors.  • Generated Statspack/AWR reports using OEM 12C from Oracle 11g database and analysed the reports for Oracle wait events, time consuming SQL queries, tablespace growth, database growth.  • Used Explain Plan, Oracle hints and creation of new indexes to improve the performance of SQL statements. Involved in SQL Query tuning and provided tuning recommendations to Application jobs, time/CPU consuming queries  • Coordinated maintenane activities including shutdown and startup of db's and ec2 instances  • Completed RDS backups before and after maintenance activies including upgrades and patching  • Tools Used: Oracle RMAN, Oracle 11g (11. 2.0.2), DBMS STATS, Datapump, SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN Oracle Database Administrator Anthem - Indianapolis, IN April 2016 to June 2017 • Supported 6 Node Exadata on X4s from Development, Test, UAT to Production environments, involving daily configuration, administration, all running on Red Hat Linux 6.5. Database sizes range from 500GB to 7TB (in MANHATTAN,ODS & FIN,OC11,SCI & EDW environments).  • Both tables and schemas refreshes using Datapump, expdp and impdp.  • Database refreshed using expdp, impdp, RMAN Duplicate and cloning.  • Used RMAN Duplicate and EXPORT/IMPORT data from 9i to 11.2.0.4.  • Created a standby database by using RMAN Duplicate in order to reduce the down time for the PROD database during the migration process.  • Planned Backup/Restoration Strategy, Planning and scheduling Backups, taking Logical Backups (with Export/Import Data pump utilities).  • Installation of oracle enterprise manager 12c, oracle management repository and deployed agents.  • Managed agents using emctl utility and creating incident rules in enterprise manager 12c.  • Configuring administration groups, and creating template collections in oem 12c.  • Performed SQL and PL/SQL tuning, oracle contention and monitored production database using automatic workload repository (AWR), automatic database diagnostic monitor (ADDM) and Active Session History (ASH).  • Worked closely with the Oracle developers for the better performance in Applications, in writing the Packages, Triggers and Indexes on the tables.  • Used Secure SCP & FTP extensively for the File transfers from machines to remote server.  • Cloning & duplicating databases using scripts as well as RMAN for test and developments instances.  • SQL tuning and Database performance tuning has been done based on reports generated by SQL Trace, TKPROF, STATSPACK, Explain Plan, AWR, ADDM and monitor the database performance on daily basis.  • Responsible for setup and implementation of 2 Node RAC on Linux in 11g R2.  • Implemented Dataguard, creating both logical and physical standby databases in 10g and 11g RAC environment for production database.  • Worked closely with Systems Analysts, Systems Engineers/Admins & Application Developers through the SDLC from Development to Production, via Tech-Test in Needs Assessment, Requirements Gathering (Server hardware/OS specifications for Oracle Installs), Database Designing (Physical & Logical) and Implementation, database user creation and database access both at role & table levels, as well as final Project Performance Assessment/Evaluation.  • Created database Objects, Tablespaces, Schemas as needed.  • Database refresh from Production to dev, test and uat. Oracle Production Support Database Administrator PNC Bank - Columbus, OH March 2013 to April 2016 • Cloned/Migrated databases using RMAN and traditional Datapump export/import utilities in Oracle 10gR2.  • Implemented recovery strategies whenever required and successfully recovered databases in case database crash, media/disk failures by using RMAN.  • Scheduling the Physical backups (hot & cold) in CRON tab using RMAN utility and monitoring the scheduled jobs.  • Worked on Installation and maintenance of Oracle 11g, 12C RAC databases including Golden gate, ASM and CRS.  • Responsible for Creating Users, Groups, Roles, Profiles and assigning the users to groups and grant necessary privileges to the relevant groups.  • Used SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN utilities for optimizing and tuning SQL queries.  • Maintained the data integrity and security using integrity constraints and database triggers.  • Provided 24X7 support for all the production and development databases.  • Strong skills in applying security patches (Patch set, Critical Patch Updates (CPU) / Patch Set Updates (PSU), One-off Patch) using "runInstaller" and perl based utility "opatch".  • Highly experienced in implementing Oracle's Transportable Tablespace (TTS) feature using Datapump Export/Import (Oracle 11g, 10g) allowing users to quickly move a user Tablespace across Oracle databases.  • Expertise in implementing data refreshes (at database, schema & table level) using RMAN utility and Datapump, conventional Export/Import of Oracle 11g, 10g.  • Performed Installation and configuration of Oracle 10.2.0.1 database on HP-UX platform.  • Successfully performed migrations from Oracle 9i/10g to 10gR2 RAC (Real Application) Database.  • Successfully upgraded the databases from 11g to non CDB 12c.  • Successfully migrated 12c Non CDB databases to pluggable databases.  • Created Oracle Wallets and implemented Tablespace level TDE security.  • Constantly monitor the performance (V$ dynamic performance views at peak load) of the Databases and viewing Alert log files & Trace files.  • Used to run scripts to check the status of databases such as growing table sizes, extent allocation, free space, used space, fragmentation etc.  • Performed space management, capacity planning, disaster recovery and overall maintenance of the databases.  • Created Physical Standby databases using RMAN with zero downtime, performed Failover and Switchover using Data Guard Broker and manually as and when required.  • Worked extensively with Physical Standby database, troubleshooting, switchover and switchback with Physical standby setup.  • Successfully performed data replication using Materialized views and Oracle Streams in Oracle 10gR2.  • Applied patches 10.2.0.2 and 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4.  • Tools Used: Oracle 10.2.0.1, HP-UX 11, Sun Solaris 10.0, Oracle Streams, RMAN, Datapump, SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN Education Biochemistry University Of Yaounde April 2008 Skills Database, Oracle, Sql, Rman, Hp-ux, Ux, Red hat, Solaris, Unix, Aix, Linux, Sun, Remedy, Erwin, Oem, Loader, Emc Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Databases: Oracle 9i, 10g, 11g, 12c  Database Tools: Oracle (Oracle Enterprise Manager, SQL*Plus, SQL Loader, DB Configuration Assistant) Toad, OEM Grid, RMAN, SQL*Loader, Exp/Imp/Data Pump, Log miner, Statspack/AWR, DBCA, DBUA, ADDM, Oracle Migration Workbench, ERwin, Service now, Remedy  Operating Systems: MS Windows, UNIX (Solaris 8/9/10, AIX, HP-UX), LINUX  Hardware: Sun Fire 15K, Sun 6320 Storage, Sun Enterprise Servers 890/880/420/450, Sun StorEdge 6320, Hitachi, EMC, Dell Servers, Compaq Servers 6000/3000/1600/800, HP/UX-9000, Red Hat Linux 6.2
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1004.html#8:::Lead Database Administrator/Developer;Production Support Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Database Administrator;Databases (8 years);Database Administration (8 years);Database Development (6 years);DBA;ETL;Oracle Dba;Sql Dba;Sql Server;Ssis:::Lead Database Administrator/Developer Lead <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span>/Developer Lead Database Administrator/Developer - Department of Housing and Urban Development Bowie, MD Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Lead Database Administrator/Developer Department of Housing and Urban Development 2017 to Present * Collaborate with a team of diverse and multifaceted database administrators including daily and routine operations, engineering projects, and maintenance of Oracle, SQL servers and Sybase Database Systems.  * Effectively gather requirements for business and technical design, development, and testing implementation to better write reliable and efficient code.  * Successfully perform database monitoring and tuning including effective use of database tools including query analyzer.  * Ensure proper operational activities including backups and restores, troubleshooting of applications, and moves, adds, and changes.  * Audit, modify, and amend data in systems utilizing SQL commands, bulk import, and manual-editing.  * Organize logistics with regard to database changes necessary for data conversion, tool configuration, data refresh migration, and other initiatives for large application development projects.  * Configure, manage & upgraded Windows Servers 2008 R2, 2012 R2 and 2016 specifically as it relates to MS SQL Server installations and mission critical systems.  SELECT ACCOMPLISHMENTS  * Organized a successful transition from legacy system to new Cloud systems with minimal disruption to the business.  * Eliminated months of production server issues by systematically troubleshooting and resolving the problem with no further downtime.  * Reduced the deployment downtown by recommending incremental backup procedures in order to expedite Production code deploys.  * Improved the release process by implementing and adapting the Agile software development methodology therefore; Instead of deploying once a year, we combined applications code and are deploying in small batches and as often as possible. Production Support Database Administrator Citi Group 2016 to 2017 * Effectively oversaw a team of six production support analysts, developers and administrators including delegating workload, scheduling, and evaluations effectively providing assistance to end users.  * Managed production, processes, and job amends and corrections to ensure all SLAs were met.  * Successfully identified processing deficiencies while driving automation techniques effectively increasing workflow efficiency and maximizing operations.  * Collaborated directly with a diverse and multifaceted team to ensure minimal downtime of implemented systems with full responsibility for 24/7 application support. Oracle Database Administrator SELECT ACCOMPLISHMENTS 2014 to 2015 * Reduced bill cycle turnaround time by one day for billing department while creating statistical scorecards for bill cycle run times.  * Improved vital processing jobs by reducing process duration by 60%.  Oracle Database Administrator Citi Group: 2014-2015  * Managed core database administration activities enterprise-wide including Oracle database configuration, and infrastructure.  * Successfully administered policy and best practices for all database systems including logical and physical designs, maintenance, backup, and recovery.  * Effectively drove day to day and routine support, troubleshooting of issues, and backup and recovery.  * Created and managed roles and profiles including granting, revoking, and updating user access to Oracle databases. Database Administrator University of Maryland, University College 2012 to 2014 * Collaborated with a team of six database administrators in an effort to drive daily operational support including database installation, management, and daily support activities.  * Oversaw management for database design, structure, data integrity, and delivery of data services for multiple systems.  * Implemented improvements in data management for the IT department ensuring compliance of database policies and procedures.  * Analyzed database security audit reporting for database access and SOX compliance.  * Created indexes ensuring optimum database performance and data loading to better manage disk space and optimized disk I/O.  * Completed database restores and recovery operations including database refreshes of production data to better test and develop databases to ensure all are in sync after restoration. Education Bachelor's Degree in BiologyChem / Computer Science Bowie State University Skills Databases (8 years), Database Administration (8 years), Database Development (6 years), DBA, ETL, Oracle Dba, Sql Dba, Sql Server, Ssis
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1005.html#9:::Database Administrator / Database Developer;Database Administrator;Senior Database Specialist;Database Specialist;Technical Support Consultant;Consumer Relations Representative;SQL SERVER;SQL;ETL;MONGODB;C++;VB.NET;VBA;VB6;JAVA;DATA WAREHOUSING;DBA;Oracle Dba;Sql Dba;MYSQL;Ssis;Sql Database:::Database Administrator / Database Developer <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> / <span class="hl">Database</span> Developer Database Administrator / Database Developer - Dominion Diagnostics, LLC Providence, RI Available for contact between 9:00 AM and 9:00 PM. Work Experience Database Administrator / Database Developer Dominion Diagnostics, LLC - North Kingstown, RI April 2019 to Present • Manage four different database environments: MS SQL Server (ver. 2004-2017), IBM DB2, Oracle 11g, MySQL  • Responsible for maintaining all ETL jobs, including crontab jobs, SSIS packages, and flat file imports/exports  • Configure replication across all environments (Change Data Capture, log shipping, and snapshot replication)  • Act as an in-house SQL syntax expert and query optimizer  • Create/maintain stored procedures to support our in-house developers  • Developed a 1:1 test environment using ETL and replication  • Analyze index performance and script routine maintenance according to industry standards  • Tune production data lakes and warehouses for optimal report performance  • Analyze data growth trends to plan for future capacity needs  • Ensure zero customer reporting downtime using triggers and automated alerts  • On call 24/7 for production outages and turnovers  • Team lead on designing migration of MySQL servers to MS SQL servers Database Administrator Teknor Apex Company - Pawtucket, RI December 2016 to March 2019 • Reworked entire SQL Server environment to be within industry standards: scripted backup routine, scheduled maintenance, VLF reduction, etc.  • Created a High Availability solution with production databases using replication and log shipping (for older instances of SQL Server)  • Set up automatic performance alerts (via email) in order to prevent major issues  • On call 24/7 for production outage needs and rollouts  • Primarily responsible for query performance and tuning, isolating bottlenecks and creating keys and indexes to increase performance  • Secondary source of contact for Sysadmin issues, like server performance and bottlenecks  • Provided recommendations for future business needs by suggesting CPU and I/O solutions and potential licensing needs, mainly with Microsoft products  • Worked with developers to identify specific needs for schema design and proper infrastructure implementation  • Act as an on-site SQL syntax expert for the business, providing help and fixing scripts daily  • Daily monitoring of day-to-day business databases to ensure smooth productivity  • Perform monthly health checks on a per-server basis, including backup testing, data integrity checks, duplication reduction, index defragmentation, etc.  • Strong team player with great communication skills, able to work independently  • Responsible for creating DBA documentation, including a disaster recovery plan Senior Database Specialist CVS Health September 2015 to November 2016 • Leadership role, department ambassador to main company  • Responsible for maintaining SQL server and application health (Updates, security standards, etc.)  • Managed a small team of two, allocating resources to ensure project completion  • Primary DBA for the Rollout Operations Center during the Target Transition project (over 1600 sites)  • Optimized existing legacy VB6 scripts to provide maximum efficiency of automated reporting  • Analyzed risks and benefits of newest database languages to improve legacy system, including providing budget reports and presentations for senior managers to review  • Created data trending reports for senior VP members of CVS to improve project success rate  • Audited database information, including data validation and normalization  • Converted entire department from Windows XP to Windows 7 via software patching and VM testing  • Migrated department from SQL Server 2008 to SQL Server 2012 Database Specialist CVS Health May 2014 to September 2015 • Provided primary support to MySQL databases through a custom front-end application (Roll2000)  • Designed schemas for new databases for upcoming projects  • Created custom scripts to generate new tables  • Analyzed data inconsistency errors and remedied them quickly  • Developed custom Excel reports to reflect project information using MySQL based on specific requests  • Used a combination of VB6 and VBA to create automation scripts  • Served as a co-Project Manager for minor technical projects  • Responsible for making documentation for various tools and programs  • Acted as a technical ambassador between project personnel and other resources Technical Support Consultant CVS Health June 2013 to May 2014 • Served as third level tech support for CVS Health (as a contractor through Swoon Technologies)  • Became team leader of two projects within two months of contract  • Performed management duties such as designating break times and coworkers' shifts  • Acted as a liaison between Project Managers and team  • Ensured that the project was rolled out quickly and efficiently  • Acted as a preliminary SQL DBA for a user base of over 50 employees Consumer Relations Representative Kaz USA Inc - Southborough, MA June 2012 to June 2013 • Provided technical information for a variety of units  • Diagnosed issues, recorded information, and provided solutions within 3 minutes  • Processed orders and warranties using an Oracle database  • Utilized the ability to work in an extremely fast-paced environment Education Management - Information Systems Bridgewater State University Present Information Systems Management in Information Systems Bristol Community College Computer Science/Information Systems University of Massachusetts - Dartmouth - Dartmouth, MA Skills SQL SERVER, SQL, ETL, MONGODB, C++, VB.NET, VBA, VB6, JAVA, DATA WAREHOUSING, DBA, Oracle Dba, Sql Dba, MYSQL, Ssis, Sql Database
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1006.html#10:::Oracle Database Administrator;Database Administrator / Developer;Junior DBA;DATABASE;ORACLE;PL/SQL;SQL;ENCRYPTION;RMAN;LINUX;SHELL SCRIPTING;UNIX;UNIX SHELL;ETL;INFORMATICA;BASH;SCRIPTING;SECURITY;CAPACITY PLANNING;PERFORMANCE TUNING;OEM;CLONING;ARCHITECTURE;DBA;Oracle Dba;Sql Server:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - Uber Technologies Inc Greenbelt, MD I'm an accomplished certified ORACLE Database Administrator and IT expert with over seven years of  experience with extensive knowledge and proficiency in database design, monitoring & performance  tuning, migration, upgrades, backup & recovery, cloning, replication, and security implementations of  Oracle RDBMS. I am also skilled with an assortment of technologies including Oracle 10g, 11g, 12c, 18c  and MS SQL Server. I possess an exceptional analytical, verbal, written and organizational abilities. I'm a  proven team player with motivational style, a solid reputation for building and retaining highly motivated  teams and development of innovative solutions. I am an achiever who can successfully manage multiple  priorities and perform extensively under pressure. I'm a proactive learner willing to update my skills with  new technologies in other to improve my productivity in the workplace. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Uber Technologies Inc November 2017 to Present • Constructing database security policy using passwords, privileges, user profiles, Transparent  Data Encryption(TDE) to encrypt tables and tablespaces; implemented auditing policies as well as data redaction and data masking.  • Designing backup strategies following company SLA; execution of backup schedule for both  physical and logical backups using Rman and Datapump utilities respectively. Used block  change tracking (BCT), reducing backup time from 5hrs down to 45mins. Resolved space issues with backup optimization, reducing storage costs by 20%.  • Upgrading databases from 11g to 12c.  • Supporting daily administration, monitoring, tuning, and troubleshooting on single instance on UNIX/Linux ( Database sizes range 89GB to 107TB).  • Monitoring AWR, ADDM, ASH, Alert log, dynamic performance views, DBMS_STATS, Trace  Files, System Event Logs for unusual events and took appropriate action according to company  policies of incident reports.  • Implementing table and index partitioning and materialized views to minimize DB time, increase  disk load balancing, improve query speed and enable faster parallel query.  • Cloning schemas, objects and databases on new server using exports from 11g database and imported in 12g using DATA PUMP.  • Applied Oracle's quarterly Critical Patch Update (CPU/ PSU application) using Opatch utility to install, test, and deploy patches to all database instances  • Implementing, tuning and maintaining Oracle database using OEM.  • Capacity planning to meet the demands of the dynamic aspects of storage and memory for the databases.  • Reconciled functional and technical problems through research and training workshops, achieving a 65% increase in satisfaction rate of database end users.  • Developing Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) for data extraction and weekly activity  report. Database Administrator / Developer SYSCO March 2015 to October 2017 • Installed and configured Oracle 10g, 11g servers and created databases in Linux environments.  • Researched, tested, and made recommendations of data validation tools.  • Established and implemented backup/recovery and patch scheduling as well as exported and imported databases frequently into the development and test environments and for archiving  purposes.  • Generated shell scripts with developers to automate maintenance and backup jobs.  • Created databases from Entity Relational Diagrams (ERD) in Forward Engineering using UML  (Unified Modeling Language);  • Part of a team that conducted a database migration from 11g and upgrade to 12c using the Oracle  Datapump and DBUA respectively. Cloned databases for testing using RMAN and DATAPUMP  utilities for all database sizes.  • Administering Physical and Standby databases for high availability and disaster recovery  solution (DATA GUARD).  • Expert in working with PL/SQL including Procedures, Functions, Cursors and Triggers.  Providing administrative support and maintenance on Oracle 11g and 12c installations, database  creation, database security, database optimization and tuning.  • Created, tracked, and closed service tickets using REMEDY ticketing system and developed a defect prevention process including but not limited to root cause analysis and corrective action.  • Controlled all databases with high alertness to ensure peak performance, stability and reliability  and availability.  • Configure and manage ASM instances on Oracle 11g and 12c.  • Resolved locking issues, inconsistencies and assisted in batch processes.  • Assisted developers with SQL code troubleshooting as well as tweaked applications, procedures  and SQL when necessary.  • Developed RMAN backup and recovery strategies and procedures  • Performed database patching for bug fixes, and mitigate security vulnerabilities  • Test recovery and support continuity of operations procedures.  • Performed user administration.  • Performed all aspect of database operations and maintenance (O&M)  • 24x7 remote support and on call rotation  NFI Junior DBA NFI March 2012 to January 2015 Active member of a team that championed database migration from 10g to 11g using the Oracle DataPump and DBUA  utilities respectively.  • Performed database Refreshes from production environments using Data Pump IMP/EXP and RMAN duplicate.  • Installed and configured software for Oracle 10g, 11g, on both Windows and LINUX platforms  using Oracle OFA. Also Installed, Administered and Maintained SQL Servers.  • Rewrote and implemented a backup strategy following company SLA; execution of backup  schedule for both physical and logical backups using RMAN and DATAPUMP utilities  respectively. I also used block change tracking (BCT) which reduced backup time from seven  hours down to one hour.  • Deployed Database security policy and installation, using passwords, privileges and user  profiles, Used Oracle Transparent Data Encryption to encrypt columns, tables and Tablespaces, I also implemented the "triple A" (AAA) and database auditing policies as well as data redaction.  • Managed database security by creating, assigning appropriate roles & privileges to users  depending on user activity, auditing, & performing other security related tasks including  Transparent Data Encryption. Education Information Technology University of Maryland-University College - Adelphi, MD Present Skills DATABASE, ORACLE, PL/SQL, SQL, ENCRYPTION, RMAN, LINUX, SHELL SCRIPTING, UNIX, UNIX SHELL, ETL, INFORMATICA, BASH, SCRIPTING, SECURITY, CAPACITY PLANNING, PERFORMANCE TUNING, OEM, CLONING, ARCHITECTURE, DBA, Oracle Dba, Sql Server Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/ericnyambabid20760378 Certifications/Licenses OCA Additional Information OCP(In Progess)
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1007.html#11:::Database Administrator;Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Aix (4 years);Checkpoint (Less than 1 year);Cisco (Less than 1 year);Database (8 years);databases (8 years);Linux (Less than 1 year);Loader (4 years);Oem (7 years);Oracle (8 years);Oracle 10g (4 years);Rman (8 years);Solaris (Less than 1 year);Sql (7 years);Unix (2 years);virtualization (Less than 1 year);Vmware (Less than 1 year);Vpn (Less than 1 year);Oracle Dba;DBA:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator - Booz Allen Hamilton Los Angeles, CA • An IT professional with 8 years of experience in the area of Database Technology. I have experience in designing, developing, managing and troubleshooting Databases.  • I have managed thousands of databases across Development, TEST, QAT and PROD environments using command line and Oracle GUI tools like TOAD and Enterprise Manager Cloud 12c.  • Configured Oracle Fusion Middleware, SOA to run Oracle EBS applications  • Installing Oracle Golden gate on RHEL and setup table level replication as well as DDL replication too.  • Evaluated Oracle 11gR2 Golden Gate for future purposes that is for reducing the complexity involved in Oracle Streams.  • Set up Active Dataguard Configurations for oracle database 11.2.0.3 for databases with sizes ranging from 500GB to 30TB.  • Designed GoldenGate configuration for databases & implemented filters with rules to meet the business usage which will reduce load on the production databases for better performance with replication on multiple sites.  • Migrated and upgraded Oracle 11gR2 Databases from Sun Solaris 10 to Red hat Linux 5 using Goldengate.  • Worked on SQL Tuning and how to use the available tools outside of Oracle Enterprise Manager.  • Worked on Performance Tuning, identifying large objects, analyze those objects and recommend changes to improve performance.  • Updated MVIEWS and test code to improve performance.  • Installed and Administered Oracle 11g & 10g RAC software with ASM.  • Had fixed several performance tuning issues which relates to RAC & standalone databases by recommending better solutions that could save cost, virtualization, and resources.  • Manage large complex Oracle RAC clusters supporting numerous applications.  • Installed Oracle 11g RAC and Upgrading Oracle 10g RAC databases.  • Upgraded databases from 11g to 12c.  • Implemented fast start failover on databases and configuring disaster recovery site using dataguard. Also proficient with new 11g features such as Active Dataguard and Snapshot standby database.  • Implemented & Managed Physical Standby and even Configured Automatic Storage Management (ASM).  • Applying Patch set, Critical Patch Update (CPU)/Patch Set Update (PSU) and One-off Patches using OPatch and run Installer under UNIX and Windows.  • Performance Tuning of Oracle database using OEM , SQL analyzer , Stats pack, AWR, ADDM, ASH, RDA, Explain plan, TKPROF, SQL TRACE and Ordebug.  • Data transferring using Export/Import utilities and SQL*Loader.  • Expertise in creating and maintaining databases to Oracle Optimal Flexible Architecture (OFA) standards in very large scale database environment (VLDB) and mission critical OLTP and DSS systems.  • Performed database tuning by using various tools such as ADDM (Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor) from AWR (Automatic Workload Repository), OEM (Oracle Enterprise Manager) and STATSPACK.  • Performed SQL Tuning using Explain Plan, TKPROF with SQL trace and STA(SQL Tuning Advisor).Coordinated with System administrators, application developers and other DBAs.  • Performance Tuning i.e. tuning applications, shared pool, I/O distribution, rollback segments, buffer cache, redo mechanisms  • Installed Oracle 10g,11g RAC software with ASM & ACFS File systems  • Resolved database network problems using Oracle Net Configuration Assistant, Oracle Net Manager, Netstat and ping utility.  • Involved in writing stored Procedures, Functions and Triggers in PL/SQL to interface application with database system. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Administrator Booz Allen Hamilton - Herndon, VA October 2018 to Present • Support 4 databases in multiple SDLC environments running on both LINUX and WINDOWS platforms  • Planning, Implementing and Validating various versions of Oracle Databases to 18c Release & upgrades on all the environments (in a procedural approach Dev, Test, Stage, QA and Production) concept for Oracle 12c upgrades.  • Configured Dataguard for disaster recovery  • Upgrade/Migration of Databases from Oracle 11.2.0.2 to 12.1.0.2  • Implemented RMAN backup script to be utilized on PROD  • Worked with Oracle Fusion Middleware to run Oracle EBS applications  • Monitored and managed Oracle Federal Financial applications  • Performed UPGRADES and PATCHING on application databases  • Supported databeses on a 2-node RAC environment using OCFS II File system  • Managing Oracle Financial Application database  • Administering Oracle WebLogic and SOA Suite    • Work with System Admin and Network team to configure and implement software and hardware upgrades  • Cloning and refreshing DTF environment/application home  • Performed October and April quarterly patch in DEV environment and moved patch to PROD Database Administrator Huntington National Bank - Columbus, OH January 2016 to September 2018 • Worked in an environment comprising 200+ databases with the larger databases ranging about 5TB in size.  • Planning, Implementing and Validating various versions of Oracle Databases to 12c Release & upgrades on all the environments (in a procedural approach Dev, Test, Stage, QA and Production) also Planning of back out procedures like downgrades/building parallel environments and also working on proof of concept for Oracle 12c upgrades.  • Installed and Configured Oracle 11g (3 node RAC) CRS using ASM, 11.2.0.3 RAC (2 node cluster) using GI setup.  • Upgrade/Migration of Databases from Oracle 11.2.0.2 to 12.1.0.2  • Implemented ASM on RAC and stand-alone databases. Managing disks and disk groups with ASM  • Implemented Goldengate unidirectional replication on RAC using ACFS file system.  • Implemented 12c Grid control (Multi OMS architecture) on 11.2.0.3 database, Standby OMS architecture is under progress.  • Monitored Goldengate using 12c Goldengate Plugin and also Goldengate Director and shell scripts for alerting GG process down alerts.  • Performed periodic refreshing/cloning of production databases to development & testing databases using RMAN Duplicate database.  • Database monitoring/maintenance, replication process and performance tuning are done using OEM (Oracle Enterprise Manager).  • Experience in handling large databases upto 5TB in size and largest table of size 60GB with 145 million records.  • Monitoring production database and provide detailed analysis on Long running, Resource consuming SQLs, Wait events, Locks and Alert log file.  • Providing suggestion and workaround to Tune the Bad Performing SQL by giving Index and Stats fix with the help of Execution plan and Predications  • Monitoring and working in Oracle Golden Gate support activities like new configuration, deployment on existing configuration and Release activities.  • Managing Golden Gate abended, stopped process, errors, alerts and lag alert using golden gate director.  • Implemented and maintained 12c multitenant architecture using container and pluggable databases and performed conversion of non-container databases to pluggable databases  • Installation, Configuration of ASM, RAC databases, Adding Services and maintaining GRID control.  • Migrated databases from 9i and 10g to 11g R2 using utilities like export/import, datapump and transportable tablespace.  • Implemented replication on databases using and Golden gate between homogeneous and heterogeneous databases.  • Performed replication between databases using Materialized Views and DB links from a remote database.  • Successfully performed installation, setup and creation of Primary & Standby database using dataguard to deliver no data loss with maximum availability mode.  • Worked closely with application teams for rolling application.  • Performance tuning of Oracle instances  • Extensively worked on complete & incomplete recoveries of the databases including Point in time recovery (PITR) and Tablespace point in time recovery (TSPITR) using RMAN utility.  • Involved in performing upgradation from Oracle 9i, 10g to Oracle 11.2.0.3 RAC database.  • Applied PSU Patches (10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4) as a part of maintenance activity.  • Extensively used Datapump, conventional export/import utilities for loading data to & from databases, logical backups and migration of databases.  • Fixed various database performance issues using Automated Workload Repository (AWR) and Automatic Database Diagnostics Monitor (ADDM) and Active Session History (ASH).  • Achieved optimal performance tuning by using explain plan, STATSPACK, SQL TRACE, TKPROF utilities.  • Installation, configuration and maintenance of Physical Standby using OracleData Guard for Disaster recovery process on Oracle 11g, 10g.  • Extensively used AWR, ADDM and explain plan for periodic performance tuning.  • Planned database backups (operating system, full/partial backups, and export/import) using various types of backups and designed the backup methodology for the organization..  • Performed other Oracle DBA responsibilities performance tuning, monitoring tablespaces, monitoring users, etc. as well as much problem solving.  • Designed Logical and physical database for business transaction functionality.  • Provide production support for the deployed project till it is stabilized.  • Collaborated with the UNIX system Administrator to configure any software and hardware requirements that will function with the Oracle Database  • Refreshing development/test database from production using Export/Import & RMAN backups.  • Creating database objects Tablespaces, Application Users, Database schemas, profiles, granting privileges and roles, and creating database links. Oracle Database Administrator Coca Cola - Atlanta, GA March 2011 to December 2015 • Successfully installed and configured Oracle 11.1.0.7, Oracle 10.2.0.5 databases on AIX platforms.  • Monitored different databases and application servers using Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) 10gGrid Control.  • Loading data from flat files to database using SQL*Loader, External Tables.  • Extensively used AWR, ADDM and explain plan for periodic performance tuning.  • Implementing Datapump, conventionalexport/import utility of Oracle 11g, 10g for re-organizing Databases/Schemas/Tables to improve the performance.  • Used import/export utilities for cloning/migration of small sized databasesand Datapump import/export to move data between 10g and 10g/11g environments.  • Implemented proactive monitoring using Tuning Pack, Diagnostics Pack, and STATSPACK, SQL Trace & TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN.  • Database monitoring/maintenance, replication process and performance tuning are done using OEM (Oracle Enterprise Manager).  • Backup/Recovery - Write Rman Backup script as required. Restore backupset to Local server from Tape. Recover database to point-in-time on different host. Restore tables from Old backup. Recover corrupted Blocks from Rman backup. Restore backup of 10g on 11g. Involved in Corporate DR exercise. Implement Flashback features. Used backup-based duplication method for 11R2 databases.  • Apply in-place/out-of-place PSU Patch in 11R2. Install bug fix patch.  • Tuning Database using AWR/ADDM/SQL trace. Hands on Various Tuning Advisors. Migrate SQL plans & statistics from QA to PROD. Schedule stats Job using DBMS_SCHEDULER. Used AWRSQL/SQL tuning package. Tune various SQL's. Provide Primary investigation on Performance issue to application team in minimal time. Troubleshoot/mitigate various wait events in DB. Tuning of RAC instances and Database.  • Implemented Flashback technology of the Oracle 11g, 10g along with Recyclebin for a faster recovery of the databases and database objects.  • Performed full & incremental backup (cumulative and differential) using RMAN and implemented recovery strategies.  • Refreshed/cloned databases using RMAN utility.  • Performed Database upgrade from Oracle 10g (9.2.0.7) to Oracle 10g (10.2.0.5) and to Oracle 11g (11.1.0.7) RAC database.  • Successful in applying RDBMS patches, security patches for improving the security and functionality of the databases.  • Detect corrupted blocks by using DBVERIFY utility.  • Participated in Disaster Recovery Drills, documented database and application validation steps.  • Used Automatic Workload Repository (AWR) & Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor (ADDM) in RAC for Performance Tuning.  • Implemented table partitioning to improve performance and data management.  • Implemented Security through Virtual Private Database and Fine grained Auditing.  • Developed RMAN scripts for database backup and recovery.  • Designed and implemented the database servers for two new data centers.  • Performance Tuning of Databases, Oracle instances, and Applications. Finding Performance bottlenecks using EXPLAINPLAN, SQLTRACE, TKPROF, AWR, and ADDM.  • Created users, roles and granted privileges according to the business requirements  • Generated scripts for daily maintenance activity like analyzing the tables/indexes, monitoring their growth rate, monitoring the effective use of SGA etc.  • Perform production system problem analysis and recommend corrective measures in a timely manner.  • Installed ASM environment and migrated databases from NON-ASM to ASM.  • Used TOAD for database management.  • Made optimal use of Oracle Support inresolving the SRs.  • 24 X 7 Production & Development database support and administration. Education BA Political Science George Washington University - Washington, DC 2010 Skills Aix (4 years), Checkpoint (Less than 1 year), Cisco (Less than 1 year), Database (8 years), databases (8 years), Linux (Less than 1 year), Loader (4 years), Oem (7 years), Oracle (8 years), Oracle 10g (4 years), Rman (8 years), Solaris (Less than 1 year), Sql (7 years), Unix (2 years), virtualization (Less than 1 year), Vmware (Less than 1 year), Vpn (Less than 1 year), Oracle Dba, DBA
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1008.html#12:::Senior Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Database Administrator;Change management (Less than 1 year);Data integration (Less than 1 year);Database (8 years);databases (8 years);Ddl (2 years);Encryption (2 years);Etl (Less than 1 year);Excel (Less than 1 year);Extract, transform, and load (Less than 1 year);Integration (Less than 1 year);Integrator (Less than 1 year);Linux (2 years);Ms sql server (6 years);Oracle (8 years);performance tuning. (3 years);Rman (6 years);security. (6 years);Sops (Less than 1 year);Sql (6 years);Sql server (6 years);Oracle Dba;Sql Database;DBA;Sql Dba:::Senior Oracle Database Administrator Senior Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Senior Oracle Database Administrator - United Health group Hyattsville, MD I am an accomplished and seasoned professional Oracle Database Administrator and IT security expert with 8+ years of extensive knowledge and proficiency in Oracle database administration. I have worked on very large production databases, performing various DBA roles across a multitude of platforms (LINUX, Solaris, UNIX, and Windows) in production, development and testing environments. I am an enthusiastic, proactive team player who is fast at picking up new technology with great attention to detail as well as great communication / documentation skills. With strong aptitude to analyze and resolve problems, I have a well-honed ability to adapt and thrive in a dynamic fast paced and challenging work environment. I have the ability to work in versatile environments, whether it would be single or team-based roles with limited direction. I can proficiently articulate technical concepts to a variety of technical and non-technical audiences using both written and verbal communications. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Oracle Database Administrator United Health group - Reston, VA January 2016 to Present • Provide day-to-day support of Oracle 11.2.0.4 and 12.2.0.1.0 databases as part of the database team.  • Configuring the Database in Archive log mode and take backups incremental, full backup and hot backup for different database 10g, 11g, 12c in the following environments TEST, DEVELOPMENT, PRODUCTION using RMAN script and export/import data pump.  • Participated in the database upgrade from Oracle 7 to Oracle 8, and provided support for Oracle upgrade, application installation and operation, and database implementation at the Post.  • Installed Oracle software and implemented database and applications on the server. Responsible for monitoring and troubleshooting the database environment.  • Analyze the database performance and performed database performance tuning.  • Document database procedures and responsible for organizing and instructing trainings for installer to perform upgrade oracle database and application from Oracle 7 to 8.  • Developed and delivered Oracle 10g and 11g training around the world • Increased customer service rating for my department by over 40% • Provided architecture design and implemented the all production database replication, backup and contingency recovery strategies for all OLTP Data Warehouse databases in the company.  • Designed and implemented disaster recovery plan using standby databases with Dataguard. Oracle Database Administrator Weatherford laboratories - Houston, TX February 2014 to December 2016 • Provided day-to-day support for Oracle 11.2.0.4 databases in 24/7 production environment on Red Hat Enterprise Linux servers, as well as Microsoft SQL Server 2012 databases on Windows Server 2012. Oversee data analysis and database management for Oracle systems including applications upgrades.  • Developed database structure, implement applications, enhance system and ensure security.  • Designed scripts and develop tools to automate periodic task and improve monitoring of system.  • Configured Oracle Transparent Data Encryption (TDE) to encrypt sensitive data such as customer's personal and payment information.  • Provided and maintained high availability and disaster recovery using Oracle Data Guard.  • Monitored space utilization and optimized performance of Oracle 11g databases using Oracle Enterprise Manager.  • Enforced business rules and maintained data integrity via the use of constraints using DDL statements.  • Performed bulk load into databases SQL Loader.  • Applied Oracle's quarterly Critical Patch Update (CPU/ PSU application) using Opatch utility to install, test, and deploy patches to all database instances Database Administrator Walmart - Washington, DC January 2011 to May 2014 • Provided day-to-day support for Oracle 10g and 11g databases in test, development, and production environments on UNIX servers. Created, reviewed and implemented maintenance plans on production servers.  • Installed SQL Server 2005 for new servers as well as in-place upgrades to 2005 on 2000 servers.  • Created and maintained documentation for DBA standard operating procedures.  • Supported clustered and non-clustered environments as well as log shipping for disaster recovery.  • System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) methodology for designing, analysis, development and implementation • Implemented cold backups and hot backups for production and development environments.  • Performed extensive follow-up procedures to obtain, update, and validate information; maintained an exceptionally high accuracy rate through data verification, attention to detail, and regular quality control checks.  • Coordinated the migration of project information from an existing system to new database, enabling company to produce proposals and other project-related documentation more efficiently.  • Managed database security by creating, assigning appropriate roles and privileges to users, and auditing user activity.  • Planned, implemented and monitored backup and recovery strategies for production databases using RMAN.  • Conduct Data modeling using tools like SQL Developer • Applied Oracle's quarterly Critical Patch Update (CPU/ PSU application) using Opatch utility to install, test, and deploy patches to all database instances.  • Resolved Oracle related errors/issues assigned through Remedy ticketing system.  • Configured Oracle databases using DBCA Education Associate's degree University of Maryland Skills Change management (Less than 1 year), Data integration (Less than 1 year), Database (8 years), databases (8 years), Ddl (2 years), Encryption (2 years), Etl (Less than 1 year), Excel (Less than 1 year), Extract, transform, and load (Less than 1 year), Integration (Less than 1 year), Integrator (Less than 1 year), Linux (2 years), Ms sql server (6 years), Oracle (8 years), performance tuning. (3 years), Rman (6 years), security. (6 years), Sops (Less than 1 year), Sql (6 years), Sql server (6 years), Oracle Dba, Sql Database, DBA, Sql Dba
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1009.html#13:::Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;AWS (2 years);Database (6 years);databases (3 years);Linux (6 years);ORACLE (6 years);DBA;Oracle Dba;Postgresql:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator - First Tennessee Bank Work Experience Database Administrator First Tennessee Bank - Charlotte, NC July 2016 to Present Oracle Database Administrator Clusterware and ASM - Chicago, IL August 2012 to July 2016 ORACLE  • Supported multiple databases for production, development, test, and staging, including upgrading databases from 11.2.0.4 to 12.1.0.2  • Planned maintenance activities and implemented switchovers on primary and standby databases using Dataguard Broker  • Performed Goldengate heterogenous replication to SQL server and DB2 and worked on a unidirectional Goldengate for real time data replication  • Utilized Goldengate configuration to monitor and troubleshoot gaps between source and target databases  • Utilized Goldengate and EXPDP/IMPDP to develop logical backups and migrate data from 10g to 12c  • Managed 24x7 on-call support for 12 database of 2.0 TB  • Utilized Oracle 12c Cloud Control for alert monitoring of 3 node production of 10g and 11g RAC databases  • Utilized RMAN extensively to schedule and monitor hot and cold physical backups in Crontab, and to recover database information in the case of crashes, media, and disk failures  • Used RMAN Active Duplication to create and build physical standbys and disaster recovery sites  • Expertly migrated 12c non-CDB databases to pluggable databases to increase functionality  • Migrated systems from Oracle Database to PostgreSQL using AWS migration initiatives with minimum downtime and no loss of operability  • Created and managed USER MANAGEMENT and SPACE MANAGEMENT, including creating and assigning appropriate roles and privileges to users  • Developed and applied all upgrade, maintenance, and interim (opatch) patches on all databases as needed  • Utilized data from production regularly to refresh development and test instances  • Improved performance and streamlined space management through defragmenting tables and indexes  • Implemented physical standby database using Oracle Dataguard and Active Dataguard for high availability configuration in an RAC environment  • Installed all aspects of RAC including grid infrastructure (Clusterware and ASM) and Oracle rdbms software on 3 node RAC architecture  • Used OEM to create notifications including cluster activities, tablespace utilizations, and listener alerts, and to monitor and troubleshoot database issues  • Performed database recovery using Guarantee Restore Point  • Created Oracle Wallets and implemented strict Tablespace level TDE security  • Achieved optimum database uptime through skillful management of database maintenance activities  • Allocated system storage and planned future storage requirements as well as configured grid infrastructures and software to meet current and future expansion needs  • Developed database link between local and remote databases using distributed database feature  POSTGRESQL  • Managed all aspects of PostgreSQL databases, including backups, creation of users, tables, roles, and managed privileges, and documenting and implementing the data migration from Oracle to PostgreSQL Cloud  • Installed and configured9.4, 9.6 and 10.8 versions  • Implement security measures such as crypto.  • Managed databases through the use of pgadmin and psql  • Perform Migration using goldengate and MTK tool  • Installed pgbouncer and pgtool to resolve connection pooling issues  • Refreshes on same server and across servers using pgdump  • Utilized pg-restore, and Point in Time Recovery to manager restoration techniques  • Managed databases using pgadmin and psql  • Utilized pg-restore, and Point in Time Recovery to manager restoration techniques  • Increased performance through tuning tools such as pghero, analyze, and pg_stat_activity  • Performed backups, restoration, and compressed backups using pgbackrest, and used vacuum, vacuum all, and auto vacuum to perform additional maintenance  • Performed all database administrator responsibilities including performance tuning, tablespace and user monitoring, and problem solving  • Wrote SQL scripts to create database objects  United Airlines Chicago, IL  Oracle Database Administrator Aug. 2012 - July 2016  • Installed, configured, and maintained Oracle 11g on Linux and headed upgrade from 11g to 12c  • Managed tablespace growth, monitored data file growth, and extents  • Exported and imported database objects to copy them between databases and for table backup  • Continuously monitored CPU usage, I/O contention, memory paging, and identifying performance bottlenecks to ensure high performance  • Defragmented data blocks to optimize performance, partitioned large tables to increase performance  • Managed user, space, and database security, and all other database activities  • Resized online redo logs in production and standby databases  • Cloned and migrated databases through the use of RMAN and traditional datapump export/import utilities  • Utilized SQL and PL/SQL to automate database refresh from Host to Oracle  • Utilized Dataguard and Active Dataguard to implement logical and physical standby databases for RAC clusters including high availability configuration in a 3 node RAC environment  • Installed ASM to migrate databases from non-ASM to ASM  • Installed, configured, monitored and tuned Goldengate Unidirectional for real time replication.  • Utilized RMAN and implemented recovery strategies to perform full and incremental cumulative and differential backups  • Extensively utilized OEM Grid Control to set up rules for alert notifications and scheduled RMAN backups with failure notifications  • Performance tuned and diagnosed DBMS and individual production databases  • Used application team requirements and data from migration review meetings to develop an effective migration strategy  • Honed skills at applying security patches using "run installer" and Perl based utility Opatch Education Bachelor's Degree University of Yaoundé II Skills AWS (2 years), Database (6 years), databases (3 years), Linux (6 years), ORACLE (6 years), DBA, Oracle Dba, Postgresql Certifications/Licenses OCA OCP SCRUM Leadership and Management Additional Information Areas of expertise include:    ? HP-UX 10.x, 11.x  ? Sun Solaris 2.5, 2.6, 8, 9, 10  ? AIX 5.1, 5.2, 5.3, 6.1  ? RHEL 2.1, 3.x, 4.x, 5.x  ? Linux Enterprise Server 9, 10  ? Windows 95/98/NT/2000  ? Database monitoring  ? Backup & recovery with RMAN and Point-in-Time Recovery  ? Cloning from Multi-Node to Single-Instance and vice versa  ? Troubleshooting prod issues  ? Explain analyze, pgdump  ? Physical database design  ? Oracle 10g, 11g, and 12C  ? PostgreSQL databases 9.6, 10.7  ? On-call 24x production support  ? OEM Cloud Control 12c  ? Pgadmin, Pgbackrest,  ? Vacuum  ? Transparent Data Encryption  ? Turnkey Encryption Platform  ? Goldengate 12c  ? Installation and configuration of unidirectional Goldengate 11g  ? Database and application patch deployment  ? Oracle Financial Services Lending and Leasing  ? Monitoring/Health Check Alert Scripts  ? Grid Control (OEM)  ? Oracle 11g RAC  ? Clusterware and ASM  ? OLTP and OLAP systems  ? Oracle Primary and Standby (Dataguard) Database  ? Transportable Tablespaces (TTS), Data Pump and Export/Import Utilities  ? ADDM, SQL Tuning and Access Advisors, AWR, and ASH, Explain Plan  ? Shell Scripts, Crontab, and SQL Scripts  ? SQL, PL/SQL, SQL*Loader  ? AWS Migration Initiatives  ? TKPROF, Explain Plan, STATSPACK  ? Bilingual - French
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\101.html#14:::Database Administrator;Database development;Student Administrator;Receptionist:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator Redmond, WA Work Experience Database Administrator City of Iowa City - Iowa City, IA August 2016 to Present Created new databases, involving importing and exporting: installing and configuring databases software for Microsoft SQL development environment  Responsible for Microsoft SQL logical and physical database design, implementation, and maintenance   Reorganized previous server system by consolidating 6 large SQL servers to 2 SQL Servers Database development ITS, University - Iowa City, IA 2016 to Present using PHP, SQL and FileMaker  ? Create and maintain user end databases used by the University of Iowa.  ? Collaborate with developers and front end clients to create a custom database solution for customers. Student Administrator Library IT - Iowa City, IA 2014 to January 2016 Web development in HTML and CSS for internal use  ? Troubleshoot and replace hardware components  ? Create and maintain inventory system of surplus devices  ? Install, reimage and troubleshoot hardware for University of Iowa Library systems Receptionist Office of Statewide Clinical Education Programs - Iowa City, IA April 2013 to November 2013 Handling the duties of the front desk  ? Calling various doctors to verify information  ? Organizing many pages of paperwork. Education B.A. in Computer Scienc The University of Iowa - Iowa City, IA May 2016 Certifications/Licenses 98-364 Database Fundamentals August 2016 to Present 70-461 Querying Microsoft SQL Server October 2016 to Present 70-462 Administering Microsoft SQL Server 2012/2014 January 2017 to Present 70-463 Implementing a Data Warehouse with Microsoft SQL Server 2012/2014 April 2017 to Present 70-464 Developing Microsoft SQL Server Databases September 2017 to Present Additional Information Skills:  W  ? Operating Systems indows XP, Windows 7, Mac OS  ? Software: Windows office suite (Excel, Word, PowerPoint), IDLE, Visual Studio Express,  Eclipse, Filemaker  ? Languages: Python, Java, HTML5, CSS, SQL
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1010.html#15:::SQL Database Administrator/SQL DBA;SQL Database Administrator/SQL DBA;Data modeling;Database;Ms sql server;Sql server;Sql:::SQL Database Administrator/SQL DBA SQL <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span>/SQL DBA SQL Database Administrator/SQL DBA A certified SQL server Database Administrator seeking a DBA position with new challenges and opportunities to grow. I have 6 years of hands on experiences working on a large, fast paced and world class enterprise environment; supporting MS SQL Server in the areas of installation, configuration, administration, data modeling, maintenance, performance tuning, security, monitoring, implementing HA and DR solutions, and business intelligence (such as SSIS and SSRS).  I have also experienced with Cloud/Azure service where I have migrated from on premises databases to Azure environment, deployed products on Azure, setup development and test environment on Azure and maintain security. I am a good team-player with excellent analytical, detail oriented, interpersonal, problem solving, and communication skills. Work Experience SQL Database Administrator/SQL DBA Bureau of Indian Affairs - Washington, DC August 2016 to May 2019 Responsibilities and Accomplishments:  * Installed, Configured, and Administered SQL Server 2012, 2014 and 2016 in development, test, and production environment  * Database High Availability: Installed, Configured and Managed Database Mirroring, AlwaysOn and Fail-Over Cluster  * SQL/T-SQL, Triggers, And Stored Procedure: Wrote SQL, T-SQL, Stored-Procedures and triggers. Assisted SQL developers to optimize SQL queries, Stored Procedures and Triggers  * Monitoring and Performance Tuning: Performed database monitoring and Performance tuning. Monitored Servers activity and worked with clients to solve different problems. Performed index and statistics management. Managed SQL Server error logs, space usage, and growth pattern. Used DBCC to check database consistency, index fragmentation/rebuilding, and statistics. Managed BLOCK and LOCK  * Database Automation: Created backup jobs for different types of backup like FULL, Differential and Transaction Log. Created Jobs for database maintenance Index fragmentation, rebuild, and database statistics  * Data Modeling: Worked on different Data Modeling projects using ERWin for designing Logical & Physical Database. Used Backward & Forward Engineering to create Logical and Physical database  * Index/Constraints, Triggers, Stored Procedure: Created and managed Index (Cluster/Non-Cluster), Constraints  * Security Management: Created and Managed users, group roles, schema, and security at object level and data encryption  * Exported & Imported data from/to Oracle, MySQL, and Access Database including flat files like text, excel, and CSV files to SQL Server 2005/2008  * Database Migration: Migrated MS SQL 2008 to MS SQL Server 2012, MS SQL Server 2014, and MS SQL Server 2016.  * Backup/Recovery: Work experience and strong knowledge in disaster recovery and Rebuild databases using backups.    Environment: MS SQL Server 2012, 2008 R2, Windows Server 2012, 2008 R2 Enterprise Edition, Idera, Toad Data Modeler, OpNet, SSIS, SSRS. SQL Database Administrator/SQL DBA Census Bureau - Suitland, MD November 2012 to July 2016 Responsibilities and Accomplishments:  * Maintained mission critical production database as well as production applications including Emergency off-hour support  * Installed and configured SQL Server 2008 R2, 2012 and 2014 as standalone and AlwaysOn  * Automating Database tasks (Created jobs, alerts, and schedules for database maintenance tasks)  * Wrote SQL/T-SQL codes, stored Procedures, Triggers and Functions  * Helped database developers to tune up SQL/T-SQL Queries  * Applied Service Packs and hot fixes  * Performed database backups, restored database from backup  * Replication: Configured and maintained transactional and merge replication  * Security Management: Access and security management like creating Logins with appropriate roles. Creating users and groups and granting and revoking privileges for data security  * Migrated MS SQL 2008 to MS SQL Server 2012, MS SQL Server 2014, and MS SQL Server 2016.  * Mirroring: Configured and Maintained Database Mirroring  * Performed Performance Tuning: Using Idea, SQL Server profiler, Windows performance monitor and Database engine tuning advisor to analyze and fine tuning of long running queries and stored procedures and slow running servers  * Documentation: Created documentation for installation, monitoring procedures, security policies, configuration changes, migration procedures, and best practices  * Reporting Services: Installed, configured, and maintained SQL Server 2000/2005 Reporting Service    Environment: MS SQL Server 2012, 2008 R2, Windows Server 2012, 2008 R2 Enterprise Edition, Idera, Toad Data Modeler, OpNet, SSIS, SSRS. Education Bachelor's in Management in Finance Sufia Institute of Science & Technology Skills Data modeling, Database, Ms sql server, Sql server, Sql Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:  SQL Server Tools: SQL Server Management Studio, Business Intelligence Development Studio, Query Analyzer, SQL Profiler, SSIS and DTS designer and wizard, Database Tuning Advisor and Index Tuning Wizard, SQLCMD, Upgrade Advisor, SQL Configurating manager, Client and Server Network Utilities.  Databases: MS SQL Server 2016, 2014, 2012, and 2008R2  Languages: SQL, T-SQL, and PowerShell  Operating Systems: Windows Server 2012/2008R2/2008 Enterprise/Standard Edition, 2003 Enterprise/Standard Edition, Windows 2000 Advanced Server, Windows 7 and 10 Professional.  Data Modeling Tools: ERWin, Idera, MS SQL Server Database Diagram  Reporting Tools: MS SQL Server Reporting Services 2012, 2008R2  Ticketing Tools: ServiceNow and JIRA    TECHNICAL SUMMARY:  * Strong working experience with the new features of SQL Server 2016/2014/2012/2008R2/2008/ such as Always on High availability groups, database mirroring and recovery.  * Deep understanding and working experience of SQL Server (SQL 2008/SQL 2008 R2/2012 / 2014/2016), includes installation, configuration, and maintenance of standalone and Clustered Servers [Active/Active and Active/Passive Cluster Design]  * Optimizing and Performance Tuning such as Query Optimization, Performance Tuning using execution plan, Profiler, Database Tuning adviser and Windows Performance Monitor tools to resolve Dead Locks or long running queries and slow running server.  * Strong knowledge and experience in configuring and administering High Availability Solutions like Database mirroring, AlwaysOn, Server Clustering, Replication and Log shipping.  * Create and set-up Database maintenance plans and Jobs for Database monitoring, maintenance and Automation.  * Knowledge of Microsoft Best Practices with regards to configuration of SQL data/log, tempdb, backup drive locations.  * Applying Service Pack (SP) for Databases instances, and patching SQL servers with hotfixes.  * Cloud/Azure experience includes migrated from premises databases and Legacy products on Azure, deployed products on Azure, Setup development and test environment on Azure.  * Migrating databases from other databases management plat forms like Oracle 10g using SSMA.  * Upgrading databases from MS SQL Server 2008, 2008R2 to SQL Server 2012, 2014.  * Deploying Databases in Test, Dev, UAT and Production environment  * Expert on Backups and Recovery including Point-In-Time and DR solutions with SLA, RPO and RTO  * Strong working experience in creating and supporting database administration scripts and schedules using T-SQL.  * Working experience in configuring and setup mail server for database mail notification.  * Good customer support experience in providing end-user support on a day-to-day basis  * Working experience with SAN and RAID.  * Worked on Linked and Remote Servers to run queries between SQL servers and other data sources using ODBC, OLE DB drivers  * Installed and maintained SQL Server Reporting Services [SSRS] 2008 and 2008 R2/2012  * Experience in creating and scheduling SSIS/DTS packages  * Good experience in writing and debugging SQL Server stored procedures/triggers and documenting issues/resolutions of SQL Server Applications  * Self-motivated; proactive; a team player; Strong analytical and problem-solving skills  * Can learn new software and technologies rapidly  * Develops or maintains stored procedures, including designing, coding, testing, debugging, and installing.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1011.html#16:::DBA;SQL DBA/ Database Administrator:::DBA DBA DBA • Over 6 (Six) years of professional experience as SQL Server DBA and developer where effectively planned, installed, configured and optimized the IT infrastructure to achieve high availability goal and maintained overall performance of the database systems.  • Expertise in administration, installation, configuration, monitoring and maintenance with effectively finding and troubleshooting root caused capabilities in both Cluster and Stand alone environment  • Proven experience in the areas of Database Performance Tuning using SQL Server Profiler, Execution Plan, PerfMon, Activity Monitor, DMV, DBCC, Extended Events, Database tuning Advisor(DTA) and Policy Based Management  • Strong work experience and knowledge with High availability(HA) solution using Replication, Database Mirroring, Clustering, Log shipping, Always-On Availability - includes Installation, Configuration and Administration  • Experienced in upgrading SQL Server (2000/2005/2008/2008 R2) instances to SQL Server 2012/2014/2016 and migrating (databases) from Oracle, MySQL, MS Access to SQL Server  • Strong knowledge and experience in capacity planning and implementing disaster recovery solutions- database Backup, Restore, Point-in-Time Recovery in accordance with RTO and RPO guidelines  • Excellent T-SQL skills in creating SQL objects like Tables, Stored Procedures, Views, Indexes, Triggers, Functions, Temp table, Table variable, Synonyms, CTE etc. and knowledge on HTML, SQLCMD and PowerShell  • Experience on creating and trouble shooting of SQL Server Agent Jobs, Scheduling and set up Alerts and Notification and Database Mail and Proxy Account  • Extensive work experience in Table Partition, Backup Compression, Performance Optimization of Database and server, query Optimization  • Implement Linked Servers configuration within SQL Servers & Other Database platforms, maintain & troubleshoot SQL Server Security  • Experience on troubleshooting locking, blocking and dead locking , log file growth, jobs, server and database related issues  • Experience in ETL processes, developing, monitoring, extracting and transforming data using SSIS, Import Export Wizard, and Bulk Insert  • Extensive work experience in creating and deploying SSIS Packages for integrating data using OLE DB connection from heterogeneous sources like (Excel, CSV, Oracle, flat file, Text Format Data) by using multiple transformations provided by SSIS such as Data Conversion, Conditional Split, Bulk Insert , Merge , union all etc.  • Hands on experience on configuring and managing SQL server instances in Azure Environment  • Knowledge and Experience on Third party Tools: IDERA 9.0 and 10.1, Apex, JIRA, TSM and TDP (for backup and recovery)  • Excellent Team player, detailed oriented, strong analytical and problem solving skills and managing large OLTP and OLAP Databases in 24X7 in Production, Test and Development environment Work Experience DBA 2014 to 2016 2012, 2008/R2 in DEV, TEST, and PROD environment  * Administering MS SQL Server 2016 in both Clustered and Non-Clustered Development, Test and Production environment and provide information and solutions for various groups such as Developer, QA, DA, Client, Users  * Created and implemented backup strategy, experience in Point-in-Time recovery and handle database refresh in Test, UAT and dev environment.  * Configured and maintain HA/DR solutions such as logshipping, mirroring, Clustering, AlwaysOn and replication (snapshot and transactional)  * Maintain and Troubleshoot day to day database security, created custom database and application role when required  * Planned and maintained step by step documentation, upgraded SQL Server 2000/2005/2008R2 to 2008R2/ 2012/2014/2016 and Migrated data from MS Access/Oracle databases into MS SQL Server 2008R2/2012  * Applying SP, Hot Fixes and CU on cluster, standalone and mirror environment  * Maintain documentation, implemented standard template and test before script execution  * Worked on data modeling projects from end to end including generating scripts for objects, Developing Relationship, and Creating E-R Diagram  * Monitor Server and database performance using SQL Server native tool such as PerfMon, Profiler, DTA, Activity Monitor, DBCC, Execution Plan, DMV, Extended Events  * Implemented and Scheduled jobs to collect different activities such as database health, file growth, disk space, locking, blocking and deadlocking  * Troubleshooting server/ database slowness and query optimization when required. Use DBCC and DMV to check database conditions, fix database corruption, rebuild indexes and current activities of the server  * Installed, configured and administer SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS). Developed and deployed DBA Reports and client reports (drill down , matrix , parameter report etc)  * Upgraded SSIS package from older version to newer version. Loading, Transporting and moving data from flat file, Excel, Oracle, MySQL, MS Access, OLEDB Data Sources to SQL Server and vice versa using export/import, BCP and SSIS  * Extensive knowledge and experience in T-SQL to create and manage database objects such as Keys, Constraints, Trigger, Synonyms, Functions, Stored-Procedures, temp table, table variable, CTE etc  * Experience in Job creation, scheduling and troubleshooting job failure. Created proxy account and execute SSIS package use proxy  * Extensive knowledge and experience in Troubleshooting Locking, blocking and deadlocking, Agent Job Failure, unexpected growth of TempDB and Transaction Log  * Worked on Schema and comparison using Visual Studio/Native SQL queries  * Implemented table Partitioning for large table in case of space issue and performance  * Knowledge and experience on Powershell Scripting    Work Environment: MS SQL Server 2016/2014/2012/2008 R2, Data Tools, Apex, TFS Server, AD, Windows 7/10, SCOM, Sales force, SMC, Windows Server 2012 R2/2008 R2, IIS 8.5/ 8/ 7.5, ESXi 5.5, ASP.NETJava, ETL, UNIX, Visual Studio 2013/ 2015    SQL DBA/ Database Administrator    Responsibilities:  * Installed, configured and managed SQL server instances in business critical production, dev and staging environments  * Deployed and managed SQL Server (2005,2008R2, 2012) Clustering using Microsoft Clustering Service (MSCS) on windows server 2003 and 2008R2 and 2012R2  * Configured Mirroring with automated failover using witness server and implemented database snapshot from mirror  * Configured and managed Transactional and Snapshot Replication  * Implemented backup/recovery strategy using maintenance plans and TSQL scripting  * Configured and managed log shipping and used secondary for reporting purposes  * Managed database security and troubleshooting security issues  * Created, managed and troubleshooting Agents Jobs, Alerts, DB mail and notification  * Implemented and tested Azure Technology to match company needs.  * Used JIRA for ticketing  * Applied SP, Hot Fixes and CU in Cluster, Standalone and mirrored environment by maintain proper documentation  * Upgraded SQL Server 2000/2005 to 2005/2008/2008 R2/2012 both Side by Side and In place  * Migrated databases from other RDBMS (MS Access, Oracle, MYSQL) to SQL Server 2008R2 using SSMA  * TCreated and modified different database objects like tables, Views, Indexes (Clustered/Non-Clustered), Constraints, Triggers, Stored-Procedures etc.  * Monitored Server and database performance using SQL Server native tool such as PerfMon, Profiler, DTA, Activity Monitor, DBCC, Execution Plan, DMV, Extended Events  * Created Maintenance plan for index maintenance, statistics maintenance and database integrity  * Troubleshooting server/ database slowness and query optimization when required  * Used DBCC to check database conditions, fix database corruption, rebuild indexes and other database maintenance  * Used DMV to find current activities of the server and Generated performance report using Perfmon  * Developed Database Maintenance Plans for various purposes like backups, integrity checks and health checks, index managements and updating statistics  * Managed 24 X 7 dedicated environment SQL DBA/ Database Administrator SSIS/SSRS/SSAS 2003 to 2008 ASP, ASP.net, Citrix, TFS, SCOM, PHP, AD (Active Directory), JIRA    SQL DBA/ Database Administrator  Responsibilities:  • Installed, Configured and Maintained SQL Server 2000/2005/2008,/2008R2 in DEV, DEV and PROD environment  • Managed Backup/Restore, Point-in-Time Recovery including backup verification and database security  • Implemented different types of Replication Models (such as Transactional, Snapshot)  • Implemented high availability solutions such as Log shipping and Database Mirroring  • Applied SP (Service Pack) and patches on SQL Server 2005, 2008r2, Windows Server 2003, 2008r2 Enterprise Edition  • Maintained Server and database performance using native Tools  • Worked on database Performance tuning , Server tuning and Query optimization  • Strong working experienced in creating, modifying tables, Index (Cluster/Non-Cluster), Constraints (Unique/Check), Views, Stored Procedures, Triggers etc  • Managed Database Backup, Restore and Point-in-Time Recovery process based on RPO/RTO.  • Scheduled jobs to automate different database related activities including backup, monitoring database health, disk space, backup verification  • Installed and Configured SSRS and Generated Report using SSRS/Report Builder  • Loaded data from Excel/Flat/CSV files, and Oracle to SQL Server Database using DTS, SSIS, and BCP utility    Work Environment: Windows Server 2008 R2, 2003, 2000, IIS 6.0, SQL Server 2008/R2, 2005, 2000, ASP, PHP, AD (Active Directory), Internal (Registration System, Reporting System) and third party applications (Timesheet, Payroll, HR) Education Associate
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1012.html#17:::SQL Database Administrator/Developer;Database Administrator/Developer;Graphics Design Assistant;DATA MIGRATION;DATA MODELING;T-SQL;SSRS;Sql Server;ETL;SSIS;MYSQL;Performance monitoring:::SQL Database Administrator/Developer SQL <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span>/Developer SQL Server Database Administrator/Developer - Avant Network Alexandria, VA Over 5+ years of experience in SQL Server Database Administration, Performance Analysis, Database Design, Development and Support of SQL server 2005/2008/2012/2014/2016 in Production, Test, Development environments, Replication and Cluster Server Environments.  Detail-oriented, Reliable, Responsible, self-motivated team player with success implementing solutions to create optimal efficiency. Strong interpersonal and communication skills with the ability to collaborate with diverse individuals. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience SQL Database Administrator/Developer Avant Network - Richmond, VA June 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  • Providing 24x7 dedicated production and Technical Database support for SQL Server Database System.  • Installing, configuring and maintenance MS SQL Server 2005, 2008, 2012 and 2014.  • Designed and Developed Databases, Tables, Views, Stored procedures, Triggers and Indexes.  • Involved in Database Log Backups and Restoration, Planning Backup Strategies and Scheduling.  • Rebuilding Indexes for better Performance.  • Verify Backups and Error Logs on the Servers and Troubleshoot any Failures or Alert Problems.  • Responsible for Installing, Configuring, Managing and Maintaining SQL Fail over Clustering.  • Involved in Creating Logical & Physical Database Design using Data Model Tool.  • Responsible for Configuring and Maintaining Snapshot, Transactional and Merge Replication in the Production Environment.  • Using Third Party Tool Red Gate ensuring all Databases are Backing Up on the regular basis and then restoring the Database on requests.  • Involving in Improving Database Performance using SQL Profiler, Trace Flags and Execution Plan.  • Working with Installation, Configuration and Creation SSRS.  • Managing Security (User and Login creation, Grant and Revoke Access using Database and Server Roles).  • Creating and Monitoring SQL Server Agent Jobs and Troubleshooting as required.  • Performing regular Backups and Scheduling Tasks.  • Migration of Databases between Servers.  • Configuring Database Mirroring and ensuring High-Availability to the Database by Testing the Failover.  • Monitoring of Database Size and Disk Space.  • Deploying SQL Databases in cloud Azure/AWS.  • Configure Cloud Computing and Migrated Databases from SQL Servers to Azure Cloud Environment.  • Configuring Log Shipping for multiple Database as part of Disaster Recovery. Database Administrator/Developer ITSC PLC - Addis Ababa, ETH September 2013 to August 2014 Responsibilities:  • Database Development and Business Intelligence Technologies with expertise on Integration, Analysis and Reporting using MS SQL Server.  • Extensive experience with SQL Server and T-SQL in constructing tables, triggers, user defined functions, views, indexes, user profiles, relational database models, data dictionaries, and data integrity.  • Developed Complex database objects like Stored Procedures, Functions, Packages and Triggers using SQL.  • Substantial knowledge throughout Database development for both OLTP (Batch Processing, Online Processing) using SQL.  • Creating ETL packages involving various data sources (SQL Server, Access, Excel source files) using MS SSIS.  • Develop data quality solution using SQL Server data services (DQS) as part of ETL.  • Analyze data using SSAS, Excel, Tableau and Power BI tools for decision making process  • Built Self Service Business Intelligence dashboards using Power BI tools in Excel.  • Wrote T-SQL queries to manipulate data for data analysis and reporting.  • Developed reports using MS SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).  • Performed query optimization using SQL Trace, SQL Server Profiler and SQL Server Extended Events. Graphics Design Assistant SEMS STUDIO PLC - Addis Ababa, ETH October 2009 to November 2011 Responsibilities:  • Responsible for Downloading Images from Web based Application into Adobe.  • Scanned, cleaned up, Recolored image Files and Prepare for Design.  • Helped Graphic Designer in Preparing Designs and Contents.  • Done Restoration of Pictures useful for Graphics.  • Think Creativity and use Innovation Ideas to come up with new Concepts and Design.  • Responsible for Solid design fundamentals (typography, composition, layout, color, etc.)  • Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite. Education Master's in science University of Trento - Italy Master's in Science Addis Ababa University, - Ethiopia Skills DATA MIGRATION, DATA MODELING, T-SQL, SSRS, Sql Server, ETL, SSIS, MYSQL, Performance monitoring Certifications/Licenses Microsoft Certified Professional: MCP
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1013.html#18:::SQL Server Database Administrator;SQL Server Database Administrator;SQL Database Administrator Support;.NET (Less than 1 year);Analyzer (2 years);Microsoft Access (Less than 1 year);MS SQL SERVER (7 years);Nexus (Less than 1 year);R2 (Less than 1 year);RDBMS (Less than 1 year);SAP (Less than 1 year);Software Development (Less than 1 year);SQL (7 years);SQL Server (7 years);STRUCTURED SOFTWARE (Less than 1 year);T-SQL (3 years);Visual Studio (Less than 1 year);Windows Server 2003 (Less than 1 year);DBA;Sql Dba:::SQL Server Database Administrator SQL Server <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> SQL Server Database Administrator - FEDERAL RESERVE BANK Fort Worth, TX A pioneering and goal-oriented IT professional offering 6+ years of overall IT experience in System Analysis, Design, Development and Support which includes 6years' specialization in SQL Server database administration, development for very large complex databases in SQL Server Work Experience SQL Server Database Administrator FEDERAL RESERVE BANK February 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  ? Install and configure new Microsoft SQL Server instances, including Always On availability groups and failover clustering.  ? Review, analyze, and evaluate business systems and user needs by facilitating brainstorming sessions with Federal Govt stakeholders.  ? Highly skilled at database design, installations, conversions Responsible for database backup and recovery procedures, access security and database integrity, physical data storage design and data storage management  ? Participates in Database Management System selection and maintains database performance } Engage in ongoing process improvement  ? Experienced in Database Performance, Maintenance and Development to perform the following: * Database management including backups, recovery and maintenance * Database management for export, import and mass data loads * Analyzes and generation of all tables and index statistics * Monitoring and resolving data lock issues * Check all statistics related to memory, locks, I/O, database response time, wait events, top sessions and background processes * On-Line Transaction Processing (OLTP) to capture, validate and store large amounts of transactions * Create indexes to achieve critical dataset response time for time sensitive reports.  ? Install SQL Server service packs and updates.  ? Configure and manage SQL Security settings.  ? Make system design recommendations according to Microsoft SQL Server best practices. } Manage database backup & recovery & DR planning in collaboration with IT manager and System Engineer.  ? Create, modify, and optimize SQL Server Agent jobs and maintenance plans. } Proactively monitor SQL Server maintenance tasks, troubleshoot failed jobs and resolve issues in a timely manner SQL Server Database Administrator OMNITRACS LLC - Dallas, TX March 2015 to February 2018 Responsibilities:  ? Worked extensively in Query Analyzer and Profiler for tuning queries using variable for characteristics and query costs.  ? Designed and implemented comprehensive Backup plan and disaster recovery strategies.  ? Designed and created databases, tables, views, store procedures and triggers.  ? Tested and Implemented procedures to detect poor database performance, collecting required information and root cause analysis  ? Reviewed SQL Server Agent jobs and take corrective actions for failed jobs  ? Enforce Database Security by Managing user privileges and efficient resource management by assigning profiles to users.  ? Experience working in a 24* 7 environment rotating on call duties every other week  ? Responsible for performing database monitoring and working with development teams throughout the project lifecycle on recommendations on database index optimization and SQL query design  ? Monitored and modified Performance using execution plans and Index tuning.  ? Responsible for all aspects of database administration for SQL Server databases including problem solving, configuration, and implementation efforts for large and / or complex projects with an emphasis in operation excellence and continuous improvement of database related processes and procedures.  ? Experience in managing the internal and external SQL Server database security. Assigning database users to windows groups and providing them with just the access needed  ? Experience with database monitoring tools such as SQL Sentry, Quest, FogLight, and spotlight  ? Strong experience working on always on, clustered and mirrored environments  ? Use JIRA to create tickets and track the lifecycle of processes and Agile projects.  ? Worked extensively with development in the release of new products as well as product upgrades  ? Responsible for on-going monitoring, maintenance, tuning, backups, and recovery of SQL databases ensuring high levels of data available and database performance.  ? Tunes and optimizes SQL Statements, Instance Parameters, and Data Storage, including the identification of performance related issues.  ? Monitor and support ticketing systems (Sales Force) for new work assignments.  ? Manages and maintains all production and non-production databases.  ? Updated database systems by reviewing, planning, testing and installing database security patches and service packs.  ? Responsible for space requirement calculations and expansion of storage LUNS for production and pre-production environments  ? Create SQL server databases, tables, DB objects constraints, indexes, and triggers  ? Review SQL Server Always On system status and remediated issues related to high queue sizes and latency  ? Performed Database Refreshes with production data for practice deployments  ? Experience with clustered SQL server and Always on installs and configurations  ? Experience in migrating over 15 databases to new servers and hardware  ? Experience with MSSQL High Availability, Always On and Replication  ? Maintained continuous documentation on various issues faced during the execution of assigned tasks and the solutions to those problems  ? Experience with automated installs of SQL server and building Availability groups from scratch. SQL Database Administrator Support Nationstar Mortgage LLC - Lewisville, TX May 2011 to March 2015 Responsibilities:  ? Utilizing various SQL Server Constraints (Primary Keys, Foreign Keys, Defaults, Unique keys and Check) to ensure data integrity.  ? Extensive use of T-SQL in writing Stored Procedures, Triggers, Tables, User Defined Functions, Views and Indexes.  ? Troubleshooting problems and answering questions, installing upgrades and patches, training users, and writing technical documentation.  ? Conducting weekly meetings with our ERP team, development and QA team, and End Users to ensure performance efficiency and to discuss our open requests.  ? Liaising between the business and technical resources.  ? Created physical database model from logical database model using ERStudio and applied DDL on development database.  ? Participate in testing to ensure the systems' functionality is in line with the requirements.  ? Use Sales Force to manage ticketing queue for work related to SQL server maintenance  ? Use JIRA to create tickets and track the lifecycle of processes and Agile projects.  ? Creating ad-hoc queries using T-SQL in SSMS/Jdeveloper to assist in supporting users and everyday tasks.  ? Build complex T-SQL queries using concepts like joins, case statements and functions to retrieve and analyze data from multiple tables in the database.  ? Participated on 24 X 7 on call support and familiar with change management process.  ? Responsible for requirement capturing and modeling using Use case diagrams, Class diagrams created with Microsoft Visio.  ? Acting as an integral part of the cross-functional team that collaborated with the third party vendors to upgrade to SQL 2016 which is set to go live in early 2017.  ? Generate test scripts and carrying out testing on SQL modules to validate configuration parameters. Education Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting in Accounting Middle Tennessee State University - Murfreesboro, TN Skills .NET (Less than 1 year), Analyzer (2 years), Microsoft Access (Less than 1 year), MS SQL SERVER (7 years), Nexus (Less than 1 year), R2 (Less than 1 year), RDBMS (Less than 1 year), SAP (Less than 1 year), Software Development (Less than 1 year), SQL (7 years), SQL Server (7 years), STRUCTURED SOFTWARE (Less than 1 year), T-SQL (3 years), Visual Studio (Less than 1 year), Windows Server 2003 (Less than 1 year), DBA, Sql Dba Additional Information ? 6+ years of specialization in SQL Server database administration activities like Installation, Configuration, Database design, Backup & Recovery, Performance tuning and Query Optimization, Data Transformation Services and Database Security.  ? 6+ years of experience in logical and physical database design and writing T-SQL query and stored procedure.  ? Experience in installation and configuration of High Availability (HA) and Disaster Recovery (DR) solutions like SQL Server clustering, log shipping, database mirroring, always on, and replication.  ? Experience in installation and configuration of SQL Server 2005, 2008 and 2012.  ? Experience in upgrade and data center migration of SQL Server instances  ? Working knowledge of Windows Server Administration, SharePoint Service, Active Directory, Network and SAN.  ? Knowledge and work experience in RDBMS concepts like Views, Triggers, Stored Procedures, Indexes, and Constraints.  ? Working knowledge of tracking software like Extra View, Salesforce, and JIRA.  ? Excellent communication, planning, organizing, and problem-solving skills with ability to work independently as well as effective collaboration skills with all levels of management, both internal and external in a team environment.  ? Experience in SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS).  ? Experience in SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).  ? Experience in SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS).    TECHNICAL SKILLS:    RDBMS: MSSQL (2005, 2008, 2012, 2014, 2016) Microsoft Access Programming Language: T-SQL  Operating System:  Windows Server 2003/2008/2008 R2/2012 R2    Software Development/Tools:  SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Profiler, SQL Nexus, HP Quality Center, Visual Studio, PssDiag, PerfMon Analyzer,
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1014.html#19:::SQL Developer / DBA;SQL Database Analyst;Database Administrator;Database Analyst;Application Support Analyst;Technical Support Specialist;MICROSOFT SSRS (5 years);MS SQL Server (5 years);SQL (8 years);SQL Server (5 years);SSRS (5 years);XML (6 years);Tableau (1 year);ETL (4 years);DBA (4 years);PL SQL (4 years);T-SQL (8 years);Sql Dba (4 years);Evaluation;Mapping;Sql Database;MYSQL;Ssis;AWS (1 year);Azure (1 year);Digital Ocean (1 year);EHR;Meditech;Relativity;E-Discovery;Ediscovery;PHP (6 years);HTML (10+ years);CSS (9 years);Data Warehouse;TSQL:::SQL Developer / DBA SQL Developer / DBA SQL Developer Arlington, VA SQL Developer with an extensive background in administration, design, optimization, and reporting / data analytics. My typical work activities include writing and optimizing stored procedures, triggers, views,and queries for automation, maintenance, BI dashboards, and report generation. Solid background in administration in regards to configuring servers, database optimization, query tuning, monitoring database resource usage and performing common database functions such as migrations, updates, backup and recovery. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience SQL Developer / DBA United Medical Center - Washington, DC October 2018 to Present Led efforts to improve reporting company wide by developing standard procedures and implementing SSRS to manage and automate data analytics  Created stored procedures, triggers, views, & queries for BI dashboards and report generation in SSRS  Designed & developed ETL routines utilizing SSIS, Power-Shell, & SQL  Contributed to processing and maintaining SFTP functionality between client and third party companies for inbound/outbound data  Scheduled and monitored data load processes  Implemented backup & recovery plan for all production and development SQL servers  Optimized data warehouse by creating/rebuilding indexes and tuning existing queries for better performance SQL Database Analyst Winrock International September 2017 to March 2018 • Assisted in the integration of reporting services within Winrocks proprietary reporting platform for volunteer application  • Created a custom solution in Power-Shell & SQL to audit Microsoft licensing in Azure Active Directory and 0365 cloud  • Migrated and improved all legacy reports in Crystal Reports to SSRS.  • Developed complex scripts, stored procedures and triggers for automation & system maintenance. Database Administrator Clutch Group August 2016 to June 2017 • Implemented a customized reporting solution for production servers utilizing SSIS, SSRS, SQL & Power-Shell  • Automated backup & recovery solutions utilizing Power-Shell  • Developed a data warehouse solution to store historic data for SQL server analysis and reporting  • Oversaw the installation and configuration of 40+ production SQL servers (2012/2014/2016) Database Analyst Driven, Inc July 2015 to August 2016 • Manipulated, cleansed and processed data using Excel, Access, and SQL.  • Responsible for loading, extracting and validation of client data.  • Developed scripts to manipulate data for data loads and extractions.  • Performed daily system checks.  • Monitored automated loading processes.  • Data entry, data auditing, created data reports and monitored all data for accuracy. Application Support Analyst Driven, Inc July 2013 to July 2015 • Acted as first and second level support for proprietary software and third party applications.  • Administered Citrix, Relativity, Remote Desktop, & Active Directory.  • Logged, assigned, and tracked all issues in ticketing system until resolved.  • Monitored and administered application functionality and the performance of system environment Technical Support Specialist Active-Edge-Techs August 2010 to June 2013 • Deployed and maintained Mac/Windows OS machines  • Performed diagnostics and trouble shot system end user PC issues  • Set up desktop hardware, peripherals, and networking equipment Education Bachelor of Science Radford University August 2009 to May 2013 Skills MICROSOFT SSRS (5 years), MS SQL Server (5 years), SQL (8 years), SQL Server (5 years), SSRS (5 years), XML (6 years), Tableau (1 year), ETL (4 years), DBA (4 years), PL SQL (4 years), T-SQL (8 years), Sql Dba (4 years), Evaluation, Mapping, Sql Database, MYSQL, Ssis, AWS (1 year), Azure (1 year), Digital Ocean (1 year), EHR, Meditech, Relativity, E-Discovery, Ediscovery, PHP (6 years), HTML (10+ years), CSS (9 years), Data Warehouse, TSQL Certifications/Licenses Querying Microsoft SQL Server 2012/2014 Additional Information Programming Languages  • T-SQL,   • Power Shell  • Bash/Shell  • JavaScript  • HTML5,  • CSS  • Python  • PHP  RDBMS  • SQL Server  • MySQL  Business Intelligence  • MS BI (SSIS, SSAS, SSRS)  • Power BI  • Crystal Reports  • Tableau  Applications  • Visual Studio  • MS Studio  • Android Studio  • Xcode  Cloud  • AWS (S3, EC2, CloudFront, Workspaces)  • Azure,  • Digital Ocean  • Google  Design Tools:   • Avocode  • Sketch  • Figma  • Adobe XD  • Photoshop  • Illustrator  • Lightroom  Project Management:   • Wrike  • Slack  • AirTable  • Miro,  • Zoom  • Asana  Web:  • WordPress  • Webflow  • Wix  • Squarespace  Frameworks  • React Native  • Node.js  Operating Systems  • Windows  • Mac OS  • Ubuntu  Misc:   • Active Directory  • MS Office  • Relativity,  • Meditech  • Twilio  • Stripe  • Zapier
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1015.html#20:::Systems Administrator;Database Analyst;Systems/ Database Administrator;Contract Installation/Network Technician;Quality Control Technician;System Administrator;Active Directory;Vmware;System Admin:::Systems Administrator Systems <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Systems Administrator - Automann West New York, NJ Work Experience Systems Administrator Automann - Somerset, NJ November 2018 to Present Meet with the I.T. team to discuss project goals and general requirements. Assisted with management, administration, and support of:  * End-users utilizing Windows 7 and 10, desktop applications including Office 2013/2016/2019, Remote Desktop, 3D/CAD installation/configuration, and other tools.  * The corporate ERP system Epicor Prophet 21 along with EDI setup and monitoring.  * Sonicwall Firewalls, Dell & Meraki Routers, switches and wireless access points at multiple locations.  * VMware ESXi Servers and virtual servers running Active Exchange 2016, SQL Server 2016, SharePoint 2013 and others.  * Domain management, user accounts, authentication and authorization using Active Directory, Organizational Units and Global Policies.  * Warehouse users on the use of Label Printing software/printers, handheld scanners running Windows CE and iWarehouse.  Key Achievements:  * Creating and mapping EDI connections between customers and Automann from beginning to end, including the use of Mapforce to map fields and troubleshooting any issues that may arise.  * Created and developed Business Intelligence reports and integrated them into P21 using SQL, SSRS, and Crystal Reports as well as developing SSIS packages for database tasks.  * Converted Addon reports to SSRS reports and deployed them to the intranet.  * Migrated Exchange mailbox database to new Exchange server.  * Created and used SSIS packages for mass upload of data to the database.  * Installed and configured servers using vCenter.  * Troubleshooted and identified a key performance issue on the SQL server that impacted the company's ERP software and took corrective measures. Database Analyst Hadassah - New York, NY August 2017 to November 2018 Responsible for programming, reporting and maintaining the integrity of donor data within Hadassah's databases, including PledgeMaker/Clearview, and Blackbuad/Illuminate. Performing database analytics in Hadassah's customer relationship manager (CRM) database software.  Key Achievements:  * Fundraising research using backend data queries to generate new/updated reports for direct response (phone, mail, & email).  * Wrote ad hoc queries using SQL/SQL Plus and SQL Developer on an Oracle 12c database.  * Performed data analysis using advanced Excel features like pivot tables and vlookup.  * Increased efficiency in the Donor Services Department by creating several document templates for use.  * Created and managed scheduled reports using SQL/Jaspersoft.  * Converted Business Objects reports to Jaspersoft  * Custom mass uploading of data into Hadassah's CRM database software using SQL Loader.  * Created custom SQL scripts, procedures, analysis reports, functions and packages for mass updates, finding data integrity issues and creating solutions for them.  * Prepared test cases and performed testing of new website features.  * Created new database tables and loaded with data for analysis. Systems/ Database Administrator Sango America, Inc - Fairview, NJ September 2014 to December 2017 Orchestrate technical support for all network, IT and Electronic Data Interchange (EDI, X12 Standard) via Value Added Network (VAN) processes. Mapped EDI relationships and maintained custom document translation and address tables. Monitored EDI production systems and operations and took appropriate actions to resolve issues. Tracked end-to-end processing of EDI messages. Created, integrated & tested new EDI customers' records in the ERP system. Ensured EDI and shipment compliance with customers' needs. Managed and maintained Windows network & infrastructure, including Active Directory, DHCP, DNS, Windows SQL Server and Windows Terminal Server that hosts the Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) software. Developed & distributed business critical reports and data analysis using Crystal Reports and SQL. Provided help desk support and trained new employees on software usage as well as upgraded existing systems & programs. Edited and updated product promotion materials using Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator.  Key Achievements:  * As the sole member of the IT department, I successfully kept the entire network/EDI/ database/computer infrastructure up and running and maintained everything.  * Spearheaded development and implementation of automated time-saving inventory feed transmission through SFTP using ETL/data extraction, Visual Studio and SSIS packages to keep customers updated on inventory levels.  * Saved over $2,000 yearly in IT costs by streamlining processes and cutting costs while maintaining efficiency  * Streamlined order processing by setting up, configuring & troubleshooting FedEx Ship Manager and UPS WorldShip, including configuration of connection to SQL database and mapping of the fields.  * Led successful transition of network, computers & servers to new offices when corporate HQ was relocated.  * Maintained/administered company SQL database, including creating SQL scripts, queries, reports, procedures, projects, creating new tables and troubleshooting. Contract Installation/Network Technician Hewlett-Packard - East Hanover, NJ February 2014 to August 2014 Prepared networks and shipped equipment to multiple sites according to the schedule as part of the Mondelez International/Kraft Foods project. Set IP addresses, configured and upgraded firmware on controllers, wireless access points, antennas, NIC and UPS. Oversaw installation of VLANs and used TFTP servers and Tera Term to upgrade and configure switches. Administered and tracked thousands of equipment units and inventory received & shipped using advanced MS Excel and Access.  Key Achievements:  * Appointed as a project team lead assigning tasks and communicating with upper management on status.  * Edited and used scripts to streamline the distribution process. Quality Control Technician Sanofi Genzyme Biosurgery - Ridgefield, NJ May 2011 to May 2013 Directed all aspects of reports' and paperwork flow in the microbiology department. Maintained and updated the database with critical data. Performed accurate & timely data entry, revisions and corrections of up to 50 documents daily. Acted as a primary liaison between Microbiology and Quality Assurance (QA)/Validation departments in all daily tasks from providing updates on test results' progress, and implementing corrections to transferring completed paperwork. Created new logbook of internal standards and revised & communicated  existing Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs). Researched and reported any out of spec test results to the management in order to proactively develop noncompliance report (NCR). Created reports using SQL queries.  Key Achievements:  * Successfully reviewed and filed six months' worth of backlogged data within the first month of employment.  * Partnered with the Document Management Group (DMG) in archiving 2011 test results and records in a short period of time. Education Computer Science Stevens Institute of Technology - Hoboken, NJ 2010 Skills System Administrator, Active Directory, Vmware, System Admin
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1016.html#21:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Database (7 years);Sql server (4 years);Oracle (7 years);Oracle 10g (7 years);Pl/sql (5 years);Sql (7 years);Rman (7 years);Hp-ux (7 years);Ux;Red hat (5 years);Solaris (7 years);Unix (7 years);Aix (6 years);Linux (7 years);Shell scripting (7 years);Sun;Unix shell (7 years);Vpn (7 years);Cisco (7 years);Rdbms;DB2;DBA;Oracle Database (7 years);RAC (7 years);MYSQL;Oracle Dba:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - Sedgwick CMS Memphis, TN • Over 7 years of strong experience in Oracle database administration on different operating system including SOLARIS, LINUX/UNIX, and WINDOWS.  • Performance tuning of the database - SQL Tuning, Used Tuning utilities like STATSPACK, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN, AWR, ADDM and Tuning of SGA, distribution of disk I/O, Sizing of tables and indexes  • Expertise in Oracle's Data protection, high availability, and performance technologies such as Oracle RAC, Oracle Data guard, ASM, and Oracle golden gate.  • Experience in administration and tuning of Oracle databases running on Windows and all types of UNIX platforms.  • Experience in Data guard for different types of Standby Databases such as Active for reporting, Physical, Logical, and Snapshot standby on implementation, administration, & performance tuning.  • Experience in implementation, configuration, troubleshooting, and performance tuning of Oracle Goldengate, replication  • between Unidirectional and bidirectional, Databases.  • Experience in Performance Tuning Oracle Databases with respect to all aspects of IT Infrastructure such as Network, OS, Storage, and Application.  • Experience in using various performance tools or utilities like EXPLAIN PLAN, SQLTRACE, TKPROF, STATSPACK, AWR, ASH, and ADDM, and analyzing reports for tuning recommendations.  • Experience in implementing Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control (11g) and Cloud Control (12c) for database monitoring/performance/diagnostics.  • Experience in implementing desired database backup solutions based on environment, affordability, and other key IT Infrastructure aspects. Experience with Oracle RMAN backup utility and in traditional hot (online/cold (offline) backups, Experience in logical backups and Database migration tools such as DATA PUMP, Export/Import, and Transportable Tablespaces.  • Experience in writing/modifying UNIX Shell Scripts for various scenarios and requirements.  • Experience in upgrading Oracle Databases from 10g to 11g & 12c.  • Proficient in SQL, PL/SQL, Stored Procedures, Functions, Cursors and Triggers.  • Experience in implementing Oracle Flash-Back Technology and utilizing it for various rollback purposes such as Critical Application bug fixes, Load Testing, and QA Testing.  • Experience in Capacity Planning and Bench Marking.  • Oracle Golden Gate experience with Installation, configuration and troubleshooting of Oracle Golden Gate 11g/12c replication setup across heterogeneous database servers and ensure data synchronization.  • Experience in Performance tuning of Oracle Golden Gate Processes to achieve zero lag times.  • Hands on experience on using of macros, conflict resolution, filtering and transformation, exception handlers and Security.  • Experience with Oracle Data Guard setup, maintenance and troubleshooting for High Availability.  • Experience in performing Backups/Recovery using RMAN, Data pump and Flashback Technologies.  • Experience in Database capacity planning and Bench Marking, monitoring object growth and Storage Management.  • Performed data migration from flat files into an Oracle database using SQL*Loader.  • Experience in performing Cloning and Refresh using RMAN and Data pump.  • Experience in Oracle Advanced Compression techniques.  • Experience in Partitioning Tables, Rebuilding of Indexes, Secure files, DBLINKS, Materialized Views, Store Procedures, Triggers and constraints.  • Demonstrated proficiency in managing Oracle Instance, database storage structure, schema objects, managing tablespaces, Rollback and undo segments, creation of database objects, Data Modeling.  • Experience in defining Users, Roles, Privileges, Auditing to ensure database Security.  • Experience working with database security tools TDE, DB Vault / VPD.  • Experience in applying CPU/PSU patches to various versions of databases with minimum downtime.  • Experience in handling very large databases (VLDB) ranging up to 10T Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Sedgwick CMS - Memphis, TN July 2015 to Present • Installation, configuration, Maintenance and Support of Oracle 11g and 12c (Multitenant and NON-CDB) Databases.  • Migration of Oracle databases 11g (11.2.0.4) from Linux Boxes to EXADATA machine using data guard switchover and Export & Import.  • Assisted in management and database administration of Oracle database applications on Exadata platforms.  • Participated in analysis of Oracle Exadata Server for infrastructure and related projects.  • Applied the Cluster ware, Database (RDBMS) Patches i.e. PSU patches and one-off patches (for Bug resolution) using o patch.  • Upgraded the RAC and standalone databases from 10g (10.2.0.4 and 10.2.0.5) to 11g (11.2.0.2, 11.2.0.3 and 11.2.0.4) and 11g to 12c. as part of performance improvement by utilizing the new features. Also upgraded 11g (11.2.0.3) Databases to 12c (12.1.0.1).  • Creation, Configuration and Setting up of RMAN Catalog databases and registering target Databases with the Catalog.  • Responsible for Backup and recovery of the databases using RMAN Tool (Recovery Manager), and Database Flashback using GRP (Guaranteed Restore Point) and Export and Import (Data pump and Normal) for restoring the specific objects at the database level.  • Building Oracle Stand by databases, both Active Data guard for real-time replication and normal Data guard for disaster recovery also referred as BCP clone purposes.  • Worked on Disaster Recovery by converting physical standby databases to SNAPSHOT standby database and opened in the read/write mode for testing purposes without interrupting the primary production database.  • Worked and implemented Database Wallet for Oracle 11g also called as KeyStore from 12c and TDE (Transparent Data Encryption) for Encrypting the Sensitive data using column encryption and tablespace encryption, also used TDE for Goldengate replication too.    • Also tested disaster recovery with database failover and switchover also tested Goldengate replication after that using DBFS filesystem and ACFS.  • Efficiently performed installation, setup and creation of three node cluster RAC with Oracle 11.2.0.3 database using GRID infrastructure with ASM file systems on RHEL 5.5.  • Maintenance of Oracle 11gR2 Real Application Cluster (RAC) Database for High Availability, Scalability and Performance by determining the best Cluster architecture, choosing the best hardware configuration for Oracle RAC.  • Leading the effort of Cross-platform migration of Oracle databases to Oracle Supercluster.  • HP-UX Platform migration to Oracle Linux 6.3 Using RMAN Transportable table space  • Monitoring of the databases using Oracle Enterprise Manager (12c).  • Worked on import/export, using data pump and SQL- loader.  • Installed and Implemented Backup & Recovery procedures, such as Hot, Cold, Logical backup plans.  • Recovering Golden Gate corruptions and managing host/cluster maintenance mode blackouts  • Performing day-to-day database administration tasks like Table space usage, checking alert log, trace files, monitoring disk usage, Table/index analyze jobs, database backup logs etc.  • Write and modify UNIX shell scripts to manage Oracle environment.  • Created users, granted roles and privilege management. Maintained user accounts and privileges to maintain application security.  • Knowledge in Oracle Data warehouse DBA skills relating to administration and management of VLDB environments, Oracle OLTP & OLAP.  • Experience in writing UNIX/SHELL scripts for providing the reports.  • Installed and configured Oracle 11g database on a test server using Oracle standard procedures and OFA, for performance testing and future 10g production implementation. Oracle Database Administrator 3M Companies Inc - Dallas, TX August 2012 to June 2015 • Cloned/Migrated databases using RMAN and traditional Data pump export/import utilities in Oracle 10gR2.  • Performed disk and disk group management in ASM while installing 11gR2 RAC.  • Monitoring Health checks of OCR, VOTING DISKS and troubleshooting issues in RAC environment (11GR2).  • Ensured that oracle database systems operate securely and efficiently.  • Managing databases from planning and testing stages through implementation and support.  • Performed day to day activities like resolving Tickets for multiple environments, provided Development Support, coordination with development for Application Tuning.  • Worked extensively on monitoring grid control database, configuration of error notifications, installing listeners, and adding them to the grid control.  • Performed conversion Non RAC single instance to Real Application Cluster (RAC) database instances.  • Implemented recovery strategies whenever required and successfully recovered databases in case database crash, media/disk failures by using RMAN.  • Scheduling the Physical backups (hot & cold) in CRON tab using RMAN utility and monitoring the scheduled jobs.  • Responsible for Creating Users, Groups, Roles, Profiles and assigning the users to groups and grant necessary privileges to the relevant groups.  • Used SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN utilities for optimizing and tuning SQL queries.  • Maintained the data integrity and security using integrity constraints and database triggers.  • Provided 24X7 support for all the production and development databases.  • Strong skills in applying security patches (Patch set, Critical Patch Updates (CPU) / Patch Set Updates (PSU), One-off Patch) using "run Installer" and Perl based utility "o patch".  • Highly experienced in implementing Oracle's Transportable Tablespace (TTS) feature using Data pump Export/Import (Oracle 11g, 10g) allowing users to quickly move a user Tablespace across Oracle databases.  • Expertise in implementing data refreshes (at database, schema & table level) using RMAN utility and Data pump, conventional Export/Import of Oracle 11g, 10g.    • Performed Installation and configuration of Oracle 10.2.0.1 database on HP-UX platform.  • Successfully performed migrations from Oracle 9i/10g to 10gR2 RAC (Real Application) Database.  • Successfully upgraded the databases from 11g to non CDB 12c.  • Successfully migrated 12c Non CDB databases to pluggable databases.  • Created Oracle Wallets and implemented Tablespace level TDE security.  • Constantly monitor the performance (V$ dynamic performance views at peak load) of the Databases and viewing Alert log files & Trace files.  • Performed space management, capacity planning, disaster recovery and overall maintenance of the databases.  • Created Physical Standby databases using RMAN with zero downtime, performed Failover and Switchover using Data Guard Broker and manually as and when required.  • Successfully performed data replication using Materialized views and Oracle Streams in Oracle 10gR2. Education Bachelor's in Computer Science and Business Management university of Buea 1996 to 2000 High school or equivalent in Genaral Study Lycee of Bandjoun 1989 to 1996 Skills Database (7 years), Sql server (4 years), Oracle (7 years), Oracle 10g (7 years), Pl/sql (5 years), Sql (7 years), Rman (7 years), Hp-ux (7 years), Ux, Red hat (5 years), Solaris (7 years), Unix (7 years), Aix (6 years), Linux (7 years), Shell scripting (7 years), Sun, Unix shell (7 years), Vpn (7 years), Cisco (7 years), Rdbms, DB2, DBA, Oracle Database (7 years), RAC (7 years), MYSQL, Oracle Dba Certifications/Licenses Business Analyst 2019 to Present O C A Certified 2017 to Present Management 1 0 1 Certified 2006 to Present Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Operating Systems:  HP-UX 10.x, 11.x. Sun Solaris 2.5, 2.6, 8, 9, 10. AIX 5.1, 5.2, 5.3, 6.1 RHEL 2.1, 3.x, 4.x, 5.x, Linux Enterprise Server 9, 10. UNIX, Windows 95/98/NT/2000    RDBMS:  Oracle 10g, 11g and 12c, SQL Server, Exadata    Languages:  SQL, PL/SQL, UNIX Shell Scripting, PERL.    Tools: TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN, STATSPACK, AWR, and ADDM Toad, Putty, WinSCP, Remote Desktop Connection, VNC, Team Viewer, Cisco VPN Client    Database Utilities:  SQL*Plus, Oracle Enterprise Manager, Real Application Cluster, ASM, Transportable Tablespaces, SQL*Loader, RMAN, Data Pump, Export, Import    Environment:  Sun Solaris, Windows Server 2012, Linux Red Hat,
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1017.html#22:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;DBA;Sql Dba;Oracle Dba;MYSQL;Sql Server;Oracle Database;Sql Database;Sybase;Rman;RAC:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - Jelani Consulting LLC Minneapolis, MN Mrs. Killen has Six years overall experience as a Seasoned Oracle Database Administrator (DBA) with strong emphasis in Database Security. Mrs. Killen is a Proactive Database Administrator (DBA), providing excellent Oracle Database Production Support work such as: Software Installation, Data Migration using Data Pump, Monitoring and Trouble-Shooting Performance issues, Backup and Recovery using RMAN, Replication of data, implement Database Security using the Cisco AAA+ model and Transparent Data Encryption (TDE), Applying the (OPatch), Memory Allocation Management, Performance Monitoring and Tuning database. I possess a strong written, verbal, and organizational skills and as well as proven leader with self-motivational management style. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Department of Education:Osseo School District ISD 279 - Minneapolis, MN May 2014 to Present • Responsible for the upkeeping, configuring, troubleshooting, and support of Oracle 10g, 11g, and 12c in both production, development and testing environment  • Proactively Monitor database and OS related issue in Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM)  • Coordinate system support and run performance tuning day-to-day database administrating tasks like, tablespace usage, checking alert log, trace files, monitoring disk usage, Table/index analyze jobs, database backup logs etc.  • Responsible for ensuring availability and performance of the databases that support the enterprise applications  • Developed stored procedures, triggers in MySQL and SQL Servers for lowering traffic between servers & clients.  • Applied Oracle Quarterly patches (CPU and PSU) databases  • Proficient in Migrating data and transportable tablespace using Data pump utilities like Export/Import, Sql*Loader.  • Perform full & incremental backup (cumulative and differential) using RMAN and implement recovery strategies.  • Good knowledge of Relational Database Management Systems (RDBMS)  • Monitoring and Trouble-shooting database performance issues by generating, interpreting and using OEM, Optimizer Statistics/Explain Plan, ASH, AWR, ADDM, and TOAD.  • Experience in installation and configuration of oracle cluster ware and Automatic Storage Management (ASM) in RAC environment.  • Troubleshot network connectivity to ensure availability for users.  • Support application and professional services to manage their data ranging from GB to TB in oracle database, solving of space problem, data loading problem.  • Providing all round DBA support to resolve application and database outages on production, development, test and staging customer environments across the region. Oracle Database Administrator IBM - Fargo, ND March 2013 to May 2014 • Responsible for Database Administration on production databases with Oracle releases 10g, 11g and 12c.  • Administered and monitored infrastructure to support the oracle database environment using SQL*PLUS, SQL Developer, Enterprise Manager Express 12c and OEM 12 cloud control.  • Installed and configured databases using OUI and DBCA and performing database upgrades using DBUA from 10g through 12c following upgrade path.  • Ensured optimum Oracle database performance by using Explain Plan, Tkprof, Stats Pack, and SQL Trace to optimize SQL queries.  • Proficient in RMAN technologies for Backup and Recovery, cloning/duplication, refreshing and disaster recovery.  • Worked on high availability and scalability solutions using Real Application Clusters (RAC), Automatic Storage Management (ASM) and Data Guard.  • Defined & executed backup & security strategies, tested backups periodically for consistency.  • Created database objects such as tables, views, synonyms, sequences, and triggers  • In-depth knowledge of database manipulation (create new tables, modify existing tables, create new indexes, create/ modify schema, role, privileges, data files and table space and other DB related tasks).  • Define and applied the required Oracle patch level (based on Oracle support and our Company requirement).  • Database Partitioning and Implementation. Education Bachelor of Science North Dakota State University - Fargo, ND December 2013 Skills DBA, Sql Dba, Oracle Dba, MYSQL, Sql Server, Oracle Database, Sql Database, Sybase, Rman, RAC Links http://linkedin.com/in/larwuo-harris-killen-2ba770177 Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:  CORE SKILLS/COMPETENCIES  • High-Availability / Disaster Recovery Methods, including RAC, Data Guard and ASM  • Backup and Recovery Strategies, using RMAN, Data Pump, and RMAN Catalog  • Technical Documentation for Capacity Planning and Change Management in Enterprise Domain  • Performance Monitoring and Tuning/Troubleshooting  • Created, Configured and Maintained Physical and Standby Databases  • Performing Upgrades using Manual method and Data Pump  • MySQL, RDBMS, and Oracle Database Architecture  • Database Cloning/Refreshes/Replication  • Use of SQL and PL/SQL  • Software Installations and Configurations per company SLA's in Environments  • Database Modeling and Database Design/Creation using OUI, DBCA, and others  Technical Skills:  Database Tools/Utilities and other Software: SQL * Plus, SQL Developer, SQL * Loader, SQL Tuning Advisor, Data Pump, RMAN, PuTTY, TOAD, VMWare, Enterprise Manager, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAIN, ADRCI, AWR, ADDM, ASH, AWS, SSIS, SSRS, ASM, RAC, Data Guard,  Databases: Oracle 10gR2, 11gR2, 12c, and MySQL
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1018.html#23:::CSR;Systems Administrator;Systems Developer;Associate Database/Systems Administrator:::CSR CSR Administrator – Network – System – Database Bay City, MI Network/Systems Administrator with several years of experience in working with customers in multiple geographic locations supporting network and system administration and database administration. As I continue my education I am exploring a more diverse portfolio of networks and applications especially with regards to computer science initiatives and new technologies to expand my tools and capabilities. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience CSR Shively Brothers Inc - Bay City, MI April 2018 to Present Provide tooling needs to a General Motors plant located in Michigan. Coordinate purchasing over multiple locations to provide greater cost savings to the customer. Ensure that optimal tooling quantities are available to prevent any downtime across multiple programs within the plant. Work with vendors to confirm lead times, cost and ship dates. Generate reports to project usage to base ordering from. Create and maintain programs to provide automation for user.    Daily tasks include but are not limited to:  - Create and track all sales orders.  - Create and track all purchase orders.  - Receive invoices from subcontractors.  - Ensure accurate order entry and follow up.  - Submit weekly and end of month billing to customer.  - Generating and reviewing weekly reports.  - Work with all departments and resolves problems and issues as necessary.  - Confer with vendors to obtain product or service information such as price, availability and delivery schedule.  - Warehouse tasks.  - Provide customer service to internal and external customer/s.  - Report and document non-conformances, CARs and continuous improvements.    The following technologies were used in this performance period:    Platforms: Windows 8; Windows 10  Products: MS Office Suite; SL; I3; MetaViewer  Software Languages: Visual Basic for Applications (VBA)  Hardware: Desktop; Laptop; Fax/scan/copy; Scanner Systems Administrator J.R. Dahn Construction, LLC - Essexville, MI April 2017 to April 2018 Support a small construction company located in mid-Michigan by building, updating and maintaining systems, ensuring security, and user access. Built and customized a dashboard providing graphs and automated reports for expenses, revenue and other critical data. Created a payroll system that generates paystubs with year to date income and tax deductions. Set up a file sharing system to access invoices and files among all company devices.    In addition, perform day to day activities to include maintaining and administering servers, desktop and laptop computers, printers, routers, firewalls, smartphones, software deployment, security updates and patches. Troubleshoot problems reported by users, make recommendations for future upgrades, maintain network and system security, and analyze and isolate issues to prevent system interruption.    Daily tasks include but are not limited to:  -Develop new and improve existing systems and workflow  -Provide end user network and remote access support  -Provide network installation, support, and firewall configuration  -Analyze data, report results  -Create, automate, and distribute reports  -Configure, troubleshoot, update, and repair equipment    The following technologies were used in this performance period:    Platforms: Windows 8; Windows 10; iOS  Products: MS Office Suite  Software Languages: Visual Basic for Applications (VBA)  Hardware: Desktop; Laptop; Fax/scan/copy; iPhone; iPad Systems Developer Bell Nursery USA, LLC - Elkridge, MD August 2015 to March 2017 Provided support to 200 stores and production facilities spread across the east coast keeping an optimal system online through the monitoring and tuning of the respective databases, their security, controls, and user access. Maintained and generated reports and worked with the upper management and store supervisors to assure all data and system fixes were in place and up-to-date without disruption to the user base and to ensure minimal downtime.    In addition, performed day to day activities to include data requests, resolving technical issues and the updating of records. Worked on system and user initiated issues through the troubleshooting of job failures and performance issues to maintain the integrity and quality of the data. Performed quality checks to confirm mirrored data sets were intact and accurate.    Created and maintained system documentation to include reports, procedures and mobile tasks for system features and functions.    Daily tasks include but are not limited to:  -Develop new and improve existing systems and workflow  -Provide end user network and remote access support  -Analyze data, report results  -Create AD network logon policies  -Create SQL scripts to automate database reporting and auditing  -Iterative development of replenishment parameters based on sales history and planned  offerings  -Training and support activity in formal classroom settings, LogMeIn Rescue screen sharing  sessions, and over the phone to resolve user issues  -Create, automate, and distribute reports  -Configure, troubleshoot, and repair equipment  The following technologies were used in this performance period:    Platforms: Windows 8; Windows 10; iOS  Products: MSSQL; Crystal Reports; Visual CUT; Webalo; MS Office Suite  Software Languages: SQL scripting, Visual Basic for Applications (VBA)  Hardware: Server (Mac mini); iPhone; iPod; iPad; Linea Pro 5 Scanner; MiFi Jetpack Associate Database/Systems Administrator BLC Consulting, LLC - Gainesville, VA May 2012 to August 2015 Supported a user base of 800+ customers across multiple geographical locations. Act as customer advocate between user community and vendor representatives to assure an optimal work environment as well as tuning performance of the systems network and the troubleshooting and resolution of issues by way of desk side support or virtual access. Work with the vendors routinely to identify, prepare and install patch loads to accomplish and maintain stable network environment.    In addition, work with the team in the setting up of new systems to include hardware routers and switches and the installation and configuration of software to include Windows Firewall, Sonic Wall, Norton Suite, MySQL, MSSQL, Oracle 11G as well as Anti-Spyware products with the development of SQL scripts to support automation of specific tasks for system function and monitoring.    Created and maintained system documentation to include policies and procedures for system features and functions.    Daily tasks include but are not limited to:  -Provide network installation, support, and firewall configuration  -Provide end user network and remote access support  -Create and maintain daily database backups and archiving  -Create AD network logon policies  -Create and maintain a dashboard for database performance alerting  -Base Installs and patches for Oracle 11G, MySQL and MSSQL database systems  -Create SQL scripts to automate database reporting and auditing  -Provide database tuning to improve performance    The following technologies were used in this performance period:    Platforms: Windows 7; Windows 8  Products: Sonic Wall (TZ, MX); Anti-SpyWare; AVG; Norton Product Suite; Oracle 11G; MySQL; MSSQL; Windows Firewall; MS Office Suite  Software Languages: SQL scripting  Hardware: Routers (Linksys, CISCO); Servers (Dell PowerEdge Product Line); Switches (Extreme Networks) Education Bachelor's in Computer Science University of Maryland University College - Largo, MD 2015 to Present Associate in Information Technology Community College of Baltimore County - Essex, MD 2010 to 2013 Awards Alpha Sigma Lambda 2015-06 Honor Society Phi Theta Kappa 2012-06 Honor Society Certifications/Licenses Kepner Tregoe – Problem Solving & Decision Making 2015 to Present Driver's License Additional Information TECHNICAL BACKGROUND SUMMARY     -      Microsoft Office 2003, 2007, 2010, 2013 and 2016  o  Microsoft Word  o  Microsoft Excel  o  Microsoft Access  o  Microsoft PowerPoint  o  Microsoft Office Visio  -      Editing Software  o  Adobe Premiere Elements Editor  o  Photoshop Elements Editor  o  Photoshop Elements Organizer  o  Audacity  -      Server Applications / Databases  o  MSSQL […] MySQL, Oracle 11g, IIS 3.0-5X, Great Plains  o  Oracle 10G J2E Application Server  o  Oracle 11g R2 Database  o  SQL Server 2005, 2008 and 2008 R2  o  Sharepoint, GroupWise  o  Atlassian: Jira, Confuence, Fisheye, Bamboo  o  VMWare (Fusion, ESXi 4/5)  -      Hardware  o  Dell – PowerEdge product line  o  Extreme Networks – Summit Series  o  SonicWall – TZ and MX series  o  Linksys – All  o  Apple – All  -      Operating Systems  o  RHEL 4-7  o  CentOS (All)  o  BSD MacOS (All)  o  IOS (All)  o  Windows XP, Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 10  -      Networking  o  TCP/IP, Ethernet, Wireless […] n Cisco, Apple Airport, Appletalk Lucent), Netatalk, Samba  -      Security  o  AntiVirus (Kaspersky, Norton, AVG), IPtables/IPchains, JASS. Snort, Snare, Tripwire, Fail2ban,  o  Watchdog, Security Blanket, SCAP, Retina  -      Languages  o  SQL  o  HTML with CSS  o  Java  o  VBA
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1019.html#24:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Junior DBA;DATABASE (5 years);DATABASES (5 years);ORACLE (5 years);SQL (5 years);RMAN (5 years);LINUX (4 years);HP-UX (3 years);UNIX (3 years);UX (3 years);SOLARIS (2 years);OEM (2 years);RED HAT (2 years);SUN (Less than 1 year);ACTIVE DIRECTORY (Less than 1 year);Amazon Elastic Block Storage (Less than 1 year);BEA (Less than 1 year);BEA WEBLOGIC (Less than 1 year);EBS (Less than 1 year);EMC (Less than 1 year);LOADER (Less than 1 year);MIDDLEWARE (Less than 1 year);WEBLOGIC (Less than 1 year);AIX (Less than 1 year);ODI (Less than 1 year);DBA;Sql Dba;Oracle Dba;MYSQL;Sql Server;RAC:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator Fairfield, OH • Over 7 years of experience as an Oracle Database Administrator having hands and experience in database installation, administration, configuration, production support, upgrades, patches, performance tuning, backup and recovery, space management, database security, cloning, migration, shell scripting and documentation.  • Experience in translating business requirements into conceptual, logical, and physical data models.  • Experience in configuring Oracle network, RMAN, Recovery Catalog, and Performance Tuning of database by optimizing SQL and PL/SQL scripts and instance. Used stats-pack report, AWR report, ADDM advisors, auto-trace and execution plan.  • Excellent experience in installation, setup and configuration of Oracle 10g and 11g in HPUX, Sun Solaris, Windows and UNIX/Linux environment.  • Proficient at performing major Database Release Upgrade (manually as well as using DBUA) along with applying various PSU patches using OPatch for 10g|11g|12c databases.  • Adept at routine Database Administration tasks including automated installation, creation and replication of databases, management of tablespaces, logs, grants, roles, users, indices.  • Working experience in database cloning, database backup, recovery procedures and security.  • Working experience in NFS (Network file system) and ZFS(Zettabyte file system.  • Experience in application Support, SQL Loader, Data pump, Data Guard, Fine Grain Auditing (FGA), performing Flashback, transportable tablespaces.  • Experience in TDE(Transparent Data Encryption) 12C Keystore on Tablespace & tables  Master Encryption. Creation of keystore and database PCI compliance  • Experience in designing and configuring high-availability systems using DATAGUARD with physical standby. Effectively used DATAGUARD BROKER utility.  • Experience in Tables Partitioning  • Hands on experience in installation and maintenance of enterprise manager 12c and Grid Control 11g and addition of targets for database Monitoring/Performance/Diagnostics purposes.  • Implemented and maintained 12c multitenant architecture using container and pluggable databases and performed conversion of non-container databases to pluggable databases.  • Experience in Performance Tuning, Tuned various large critical OLTP and OLAP databases using various tools like AWR, STATSPACK, ASH, SQL-TRACE, TKPROF, ADDM, and Explain Plan Utilities.  • Experience in the management and implementation of database models, data flow diagrams, database schemas, database scripts, to support a robust data management infrastructure.  • Qualified at writing SHELL Scripts and using CRONTAB for automatic backups.  • Adept at installation of OEM Database Control, OEM grid control and Deploying Agents.  In-depth knowledge and understanding of Oracle Database features such as RMAN for backup and recovery, Materialized Views, Export/Import, Data Pump and Data Guard. Working knowledge of Auditing and Database Security.  • Experienced in Designing, Installing, Configuring and Maintaining Real Application Cluster (RAC) using raw devices, OCFS, Automatic Storage Management (ASM) and SRVCTL utility. Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Norton Healthcare - Louisville, KY February 2018 to Present • Support many databases running Oracle11.1.0.6, 11.2.0.4 & 12.1.0.2 RAC, Standalone, running on Linux, AIX, HP and Wintel, and using Cloud Control 12C & 13C in monitoring.  • Provide Oracle DBA support for applications, including developing data migration scripts, data validation queries, and a maintenance plan for the various development versions of these applications.  • Provide documentation and support for all aspects of maintenance and development.  • Work with application development team staff to develop & test database architecture and approve all production schema changes.  • Manage movement of data between Test. UAT and Production.  • Tune database instances and applications and recommend changes to improve database performance.  • Migration of data from sql-server to Oracle12C.  • Installation and configuration of Oracle 12C on Linux 6.7  • Mange RAC databases, instances , ASM and the clusters with the use of ASMCMD, SRVCTL and CRSCTL  • Handle all the aspects including new projects, manage existing databases, performance and tuning, contact for vendors, and internal/external customers.  • Maintain backups.  • Support databases that interface with ODI and PSmag applications  • Performed Installation and configuration of Oracle 12.2.0.1 database on HP-UX platform.  • Successfully performed migrations from Oracle 10g/11g to 11gR2 RAC (Real Application) Database.  • Responsible for Creating Users, Groups, Roles, Profiles and assigning the users to groups and grant necessary privileges to the relevant groups.  • Constantly monitor the dynamic performance Views (V$) at peak load of the Databases and checking RAC background processes log files & Trace files to troubleshoot performance  • Apply patches 11.2.0.3 and 11.2.0.4 DATA GUARD running on a 2 Node RAC  • Use shell scripts to check the status of databases such as growing table sizes, extent allocation, free space, used space, fragmentation etc.  • Maintain the data integrity and security using integrity constraints and database triggers.  Part of on call of 24X7 support for all the production and development databases. Oracle Database Administrator Krogers - Cincinnati, OH April 2015 to October 2017 DBA supported a 4 Node Exadata on X4s from Development, Test, UAT to Production environments, involving daily configuration, administration, all running on Red Hat Linux 6.5. Database sizes range from 500GB to 7TB (in MANHATTAN, ODS & FIN, OC11, SCI & EDW environments).  • Table refreshed and schema refreshes using Datapump, expdp and impdp.  • Database refreshed using expdp, impdp, RMAN Duplicate and cloning.  • Experienced in cloning the databases using HOT and COLD backups.  • Used RMAN Duplicate and EXPORT/IMPORT data from 9i to 11.2.0.4.  • Created a standby database by using RMAN Duplicate in order to reduce the down time for the PROD database during the migration process.  • Planned Backup/Restoration Strategy, Planning and scheduling Backups, taking Logical Backups (with Export/Import Data pump utilities).  • Installation of oracle enterprise manager 12c, oracle management repository and deployed agents. • Managed agents using emctl utility and creating incident rules in enterprise manager 12c  • Configuring administration groups, and creating template collections in oem 12c.  • Performed SQL and PL/SQL tuning, oracle contention and monitored production database using automatic workload repository (AWR), automatic database diagnostic monitor (ADDM) and Active Session History (ASH).  • Worked closely with the Oracle developers for the better performance in Applications, in writing the Packages, Triggers and Indexes on the tables.  • Used Secure SCP & FTP extensively for the File transfers from machines to remote server.  • Cloning & duplicating databases using scripts as well as RMAN for test and developments instances.  • SQL tuning and Database performance tuning has been done based on reports generated by SQL Trace, TKPROF, STATSPACK, Explain Plan, AWR, ADDM and monitor the database performance on daily basis.  • Responsible for setup and implementation of 2 Node RAC on Linux in 11g R2.  • Implemented Dataguard, creating both logical and physical standby databases in 10g and 11g RAC environment for production database.  • Worked closely with Systems Analysts, Systems Engineers/Admins & Application Developers through the SDLC from Development to Production, via Tech-Test in Needs  Assessment, Requirements Gathering (Server hardware/OS specifications for Oracle Installs), Database Designing (Physical & Logical) and Implementation, database user creation and database access both at role & table levels, as well as final Project Performance Assessment/Evaluation.  • Created database Objects, Tablespaces, Schemas as needed.  • Schema migrations from Development to Production via Tech Test environments.  • Database refresh from Production to Tech Test as needed.  Tools Used: Linux, HP-UX, SQL, PLSQL, SQL Developer, Toad, Oracle 10g/11g, RMAN, Oracle RAC, DATAPUMP, DATAGUARD, ASM Oracle Database Administrator Miso Inc July 2014 to April 2015 • Successfully performed migrations from Oracle 10g/11g to 11gR2 RAC (Real Application) Database.  • Performed Installation and configuration of Oracle 10.2.0.1 database on HP-UX platform.  • Implemented Logical and Physical Standby Databases for RAC cluster on Sun Solaris platform using Data Guard feature of Oracle 11g R2.  • Successfully performed data replication using Materialized views and Oracle Streams in Oracle 11gR2.  • Responsible for Creating Users, Groups, Roles, Profiles and assigning the users to groups and grant necessary privileges to the relevant groups.  • Supported off-hour on call support for database related issues.  • Created logical and physical design installed and upgraded databases. • Experience in implementation of enterprise databases on enterprise Storage Solutions using Storage area Networks (SAN) and Network attached storage (NAS).  • Constantly monitor the performance (V$ dynamic performance views at peak load) of the Databases and viewing Alert log files & Trace files.  • Cloned/Migrated databases using RMAN and traditional Data pump export/import utilities in Oracle 11gR2.  • Implemented recovery strategies whenever required and successfully recovered databases in case database crash, media/disk failures by using RMAN.  • Scheduling the Physical backups (hot & cold) in CRON tab using RMAN utility and monitoring the scheduled jobs.  • Applied patches 11.2.0.3 and 11.2.0.4 DATA GUARD running on a 4 Node RAC  • Used to run the scripts to check the status of databases such as growing table sizes, extent allocation, free space, used space, fragmentation etc.  • Performed space management, capacity planning, disaster recovery and overall maintenance of the databases.  • Used SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN utilities for optimizing and tuning SQL queries.  • Maintained the data integrity and security using integrity constraints and database triggers. • Provided 24X7 supports for all the production and development databases.  Tools Used: Oracle 10.2.0.1, HP-UX 11, Sun Solaris 10.0, RAC, Oracle Streams, RMAN, Data pump, SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN Oracle Junior DBA Brightpoint Inc - Indianapolis, IN June 2012 to June 2014 • Configure. Implement & Deploy Oracle 11g (11.2.0.4) & Oracle 12C, single instances on • The work involved overall Maintenance of Oracle Database, Backup, Recovery and other database related activities.  • Taking Backups on scheduled time and Monitoring Scheduled Backups.  • Creating and dropping of users, granting and revoking rights as and when required.  • Checking of Oracle files for abnormal behaviors.  • Day to day Performance Monitoring and tuning of database.  • Diagnose and Troubleshoot Database Problems and failures • Involved in the Design (Logical & Physical) of Databases • Preparing Backup and Recovery Plan.  • Involved in the installation of Oracle 11g(11.2.0.4) on both Solaris and LINUX platforms.  • Creation and maintenance of database.  • Handling day-to-day activities.  • Monitoring of database for growth and performance.  • Defined backup procedures using daily hot backups and weekly cold backup  • Storage and space management including table spaces and data files.  • Creating Databases and all database objects. Database Designing, Designing Tablespaces and Rollback Segments.  • Management of table space growth, monitoring data files additions, extent growth.  • Constantly monitor the performance of the Databases and viewing Alert log files & Trace files.  • Using TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN for the Better performance.  • Ensuring proper online and offline backup. Periodical reading and checking of backups taken.  Tools Used: Oracle 10.2.0.1, Oracle 10g (9.2.0.8), RMAN, Data pump, SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN Education OLNC Training Center Cincinnati - Cincinnati, OH March 2012 BSc in Science of Education University of Buea November 2010 Skills DATABASE (5 years), DATABASES (5 years), ORACLE (5 years), SQL (5 years), RMAN (5 years), LINUX (4 years), HP-UX (3 years), UNIX (3 years), UX (3 years), SOLARIS (2 years), OEM (2 years), RED HAT (2 years), SUN (Less than 1 year), ACTIVE DIRECTORY (Less than 1 year), Amazon Elastic Block Storage (Less than 1 year), BEA (Less than 1 year), BEA WEBLOGIC (Less than 1 year), EBS (Less than 1 year), EMC (Less than 1 year), LOADER (Less than 1 year), MIDDLEWARE (Less than 1 year), WEBLOGIC (Less than 1 year), AIX (Less than 1 year), ODI (Less than 1 year), DBA, Sql Dba, Oracle Dba, MYSQL, Sql Server, RAC Additional Information Technical Skills:    Databases Oracle 9i,10g, 11g, 12c  Database Tools And Ticketing  Oracle (Oracle Enterprise Manager, SQL*Plus, SQL Loader, DBA Configuration Assistant) Toad, OEM Grid, RMAN,  SQL*Loader, Exp/Imp/Data Pump, Statspack/AWR, Top, DBCA, DBUA, ADDM,SERVICENOW,IPcenter, Active Directory, SRVCTL CRSTL EBS.    Operating Systems UNIX (Solaris, AIX, HP-UX), LINUX  Hardware  Sun Fire 15K, Sun 6320 Storage , Sun Enterprise Servers  890/880/420/450, Sun StorEdge 6320, Hitachi, EMC, Dell Servers Red Hat Linux 6.5X    Middleware BEA Weblogic 10.2.3,ODI  Tuning Tools TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN,AWR/ADDM/ASH
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\102.html#25:::Database Administrator (contractor);Junior Database Administrator:::Database Administrator (contractor) <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> (contractor) Database Administrator (contractor) - ISHGLO-ONE Corporation Alexandria, VA i In-depth understanding of database security, backup and recovery procedures to ensure database integrity.  i Highly organized with focus in prioritizing workload and scheduling follow-ups.  i Extensive experience in Oracle 9i, 10g, 11g Administration.  i High level of energy, integrity and ethics with the exceptional ability to deliver outstanding bottom line results with short deadlines.  i Analytical approach to problem solving and detail specificity.  i Excellent writing and organizational skills.  i Team-oriented approach to co-workers.  i Experienced in planning and implementation of backup and recovery strategy, used physical backup and logical backup using EXPORT/IMPORT, Expert in disaster recovery. Work Experience Database Administrator (contractor) ISHGLO-ONE Corporation - Frederick, MD February 2010 to Present i Performs regular health checkup of production and test databases and performance of Oracle application system.  i Performs backup and recovery using RMAN, Flashback Technology and user managed backups.  i Use Oracle Transparent Data Encryption to encrypt tables and table spaces that contains PII data.  i Use Oracle flashback technology to restore databases and tables as needed.  i Apply Oracle Critical Patch Update (CPU) patches on our databases every quarter.  i Use RMAN duplicate command to clone/refresh development database from production.  i Use RMAN to perform database recoveries and migration when necessary.  i Installed and configured Oracle 10g/11g software on Linux.  i Upgraded several databases from Oracle 10.2.0.1 to 10.2.0.4 and later to 11.2.0.1.  i Performed various DBA maintenance task such as rebuilding indexes, validating constraints, reorganizing tables using the move command.  i Installed and verified the database software on the database server. Planned, prepared and scheduled software installation.  i Performed database design tasks such as enforcing referential integrity standards; create database tables and table dependencies such as indexes, stored procedures, functions, packages, triggers, views, materialized views etc  i Setup backups and performance monitoring scripts using croon jobs.  i Cloning Oracle databases from production to development environments. Junior Database Administrator The Kidz Docs - Alexandria, VA January 2009 to February 2010 i Documented migration process, database creation, monitors, and load scripts.  i Altered, modified and created tables, views and sequences.  i Created users and assigned them privileges and roles as requested by application developers.  i Exported data from old systems and imported them into new databases using expdp and impdp.  i Modified table spaces and object storage as needed.  i Created Oracle instances with appropriate initialization parameters as requested.  i Managed archives logs and redo logs.  i Created databases based on requests of sponsors.  i Oracle 10g/11g installation and upgrading software and database. Education Biology HOWARD UNIVERSITY - Washington, DC 2006 Bachelor of Science in Business Information Systems UNIVERSITY OF PHOENIX Additional Information COMPUTER SKILLS  Microsoft Windows (Word, Excel, PowerPoint), Visio, Oracle10/11g, Oracle Enterprise Linux, UNIX    DBA Training: Oracle Database 11g Administration 02/2009-02/2010
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1020.html#26:::DBA/ Database Administrator;Junior SQL Server Database Administrator;DATA MODELING;DATABASE;MS ACCESS;SQL SERVER;MYSQL:::DBA/ Database Administrator DBA/<span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> DBA/ Database Administrator - Bridge IT Support Services LLC Woodbridge, VA Work Experience DBA/ Database Administrator Bridge IT Support Services LLC - Reston, VA July 2016 to Present Responsibilities:    • Installing and maintaining SQL Server database systems. Maintaining the database systems includes but is not limited to ensuring successful backups, resolving system issues, monitoring success and failure of automated jobs, monitor system availability, updating system documentation, system and database recovery, etc.  • Strong technical background along with the ability to perform business analysis and write effective documentation and specifications.  • Experience in AGILE methodology, Scrum process and TFS (Team Foundation Server).  • Updating database systems by reviewing, planning, testing and installing database security patches, cumulative updates, and service packs.  • Design, document, and promote security "best practices", policies, standards and protocols as well as documentations for the Disaster Recovery plan.  • Migrating\deploying application code and objects from development/test production environments to AWS.  • Experience working with Azure SQL Database Import and Export Service.  • Experience in deploying SQL Databases in CLOUD AZURE AMAZON.  • Working with development and systems teams to perform application and database tuning.  • In conjunction with development teams, define and maintain database and code standards and naming conventions for the organization to ensure consistency in database and code development.  • Setup and maintenance of appropriate database and application monitoring.  • Providing highly available database and application infrastructure according to Business Continuity requirements using SQL clustering, Always On, etc.  • Evaluating database administration, and database backup and recovery mechanisms and make recommendations as needed.  • Setting up Database Mirroring and Replication on Production servers.  • Worked in Active-Active, Active-Passive Cluster environment as a High availability solution.  • Tuning queries which are running slow using Profiler and DMV by using different Methods in terms of evaluating joins, indexes, updating Statistics and code modifications.  • Checking Database Health by using DBCC Commands and DMVS  • Daily routine DBA tasks like handling user's permissions and space issues on Production and Semi-Production Servers and handling maintenance Jobs.  • Handled monthly\weekly Database Refresh in Dev\QA-Test environment for testing of new Deployments and Build.  • Experience in Managing File Maker Server and FileMaker Pro Databases  • Experience in installing, configuring, creating, and publishing Crystal Reports.  • Provide On-Call support for mission critical applications Junior SQL Server Database Administrator Jittu Horticulture PLC MIDROC Technology Group July 2013 to July 2016 Responsibilities:  • Installed, configured, monitored and maintained databases in the production, development, and quality assurance\staging environments.  • Customized support for Client's Applications (e.g. Third party supported/In-House Applications etc.) provided and maintaining database objects and structures (e.g. tables, indexes, views, triggers, Functions, Procedures etc.).  • Provided appropriate access to client to have access to their respective needed application schema\objects.  • Developed & maintained scripts, utility jobs or implement needed automation for database maintenance.  • Implemented & managed database clustering, failover.  • Developed, tested & implemented a robust database backup and recovery strategy.  • Conducted root cause analysis for database incidents and problems.  • Participated in designing, testing and implementing an enterprise Disaster Recovery Plan.  • Estimated disk storage requirements for database software, database files & database administration needs.  • Monitored data activities (i.e. database status, logs, space utilization, extents, Checkpoints, locks and long transactions).  • Suggested Application level tuning changes for code, queries, SQL objects which may not be performing up to the optimum database performance standards.  • Performed acceptance testing to verify that database changes perform without adverse consequences.  • Deployed database components to production environment according to change control procedures.  • Complied with standard security-related procedures that are based on established best practices and conformity to company policy and adjusted to accommodate Security Policy.  • Interfaced with other technical support teams to isolate & resolve database related problems.  • Managed databases with MS SQL Cluster (Active/Passive & Active/Active) on Multi Node Cluster up to 6 Node.  • Provided & managed support to Environment of over 350 Database Instances on physical and VM servers.  • Proven ability to handle Database of more than 1 TB in Size.  • Expertise in MSSQL SERVER Database Administration on Global DBA Team that supports databases in six countries.  • Set up and troubleshoot Log Shipping and Replication.  • Created, administered & maintained SQL Server Databases (Production, Development, Test and Staging Environments) for various groups such as Developer, QA, User, and ensure the availability of the database Server in a 24x7 Environment.  • Provide On-Call support for mission critical applications Skills DATA MODELING, DATABASE, MS ACCESS, SQL SERVER, MYSQL
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1021.html#27:::Oracle Database Administrator;Database Administrator II;Remedy Consultant;DATABASE;ORACLE;ORACLE 10g;PL/SQL;SQL;DBA;Sql Dba;Sql Server (2012, 2014, 2016);ETL;Postgresql;MYSQL;Data Guard;Oracle 11g;Oracle 12c;Golden Gate;TDE Encryption;Database Development;Oracle Enterprise Manager;Amazon Web Services (AWS);JIRA;Migration Projects;Backup and Recovery;Patch Management;ITIL;Database Design;Oracle Dba;Disaster Recovery;Red Hat Linux;Unix Administration;Databases;SQL*Plus;Data Integrity;Replication;TOAD;Requirements Analysis;Strategic Planning;Data Pump;STIG;Database Auditing;RMAN;Database Security;Database Architecture;Access Control;User Management;Windows;Oracle 13c:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - Executive Office for US Attorneys Washington, DC Experienced and solutions-oriented database administration professional with strong problem-solving skills and a track record of success contributing to adaptive and dynamic operations in changing and challenging environments. Dedicated database administrator with 8+ years of extensive knowledge in Backup & Recovery, Security Implementation, Upgrades, Patching, Migration, Database Design, Monitoring & Tuning, and Replication. I am proficient in several technologies including Oracle 10g, 11g, 12c, MySQL, and MS SQL Server. Dedicated professional that works to effectively communicate, prioritize and meet expected deadlines. Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Executive Office for US Attorneys (Austin Group) - Washington, DC June 2014 to Present • Used Oracle Transparent Data Encryption to encrypt columns, tables and tablespaces. Also implemented the "triple A" (AAA) and database auditing policies as well as data redaction.  • Deployed Database security policy and installation, using passwords, privileges and user profiles.  • Applied Oracle's quarterly Critical Patch Update (CPU/ PSU application) using Opatch utility to install, test, and deploy patches to all database instances.  • Created and implemented a backup strategy that was guided by the department SLA; executed backup schedule for both logical and physical backups using RMAN and Data pump utilities respectively.  • Configuring the Database in Archive log mode and take backups incremental, full backup and hot backup for different database 10g, 11g, 12c in the test, development and production environments using RMAN script and export/import data pump.  • Cloned databases using RMAN and Data pump for a variety of database sizes  • Used block change tracking (BCT) in order to reduce backup time from 8 hours to just 1 hour.  • Implemented Data Pump, conventional export/import utility of Oracle 10g for re-organizing  databases/schemas/tables to improve overall performance.  • Review database and application server instances for DOJ Security Technical Implementation Guidelines (STIG) compliance, apply fixes, and submit mitigations.  • Performed database refreshes from production environments.  • Extensively used AWR, ADDM, ASH, and Explain Plan for periodic performance tuning  • Capacity planning for growth potential and analyze growth trends for capacity and resources (supported 3 tier architecture, planning of tables, indexes, tablespaces and databases)  • Installed and administered Oracle Physical Standby Database for single and multiple instances to achieve high availability and DR solution (DATA GUARD).  • Applied RDBMS patches, security patches to improve the security and functionality of the databases.  • Migrated database objects through testing into production environments.  • Used Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) Grid Control to monitor multiple databases contiguously.  • Maintained 24*7 availability by implementing standard processes and troubleshooting live issues within defined tight SLA times.  • Performed daily checks on database servers, confirming status of backup files, file compression, and export while troubleshooting any errors.  • Refreshed and restored tables and schemas.  • Reviewed database and application server instances for DOJ  • Assisted in SQL tuning and providing consultation such as creating materialized views, adding indexes, dropping unnecessary indexes, using hints wherever possible, amongst others.  • Involved in the installation, configuration and extended support to Oracle 10g two Node RAC with ASM file system on Sun Solaris platform. Database Administrator II CACI International - Washington, DC September 2011 to June 2014 • Supported 119 Databases ranging in size from 100 GB to 39 TB.  • Managed user access through privileges and roles to help enforce the "triple A" (AAA) policy  • Operated on Linux Red Hat Enterprise.  • Enforced Authentication, Authorization, and Auditing (triple A) procedures according to SLAs.  • Cloned databases using RMAN and DATAPUMP utilities for all database sizes.  • Participated and supported SQL/Oracle server installations.  • Assisted in the design and creation of databases.  • Design the schemes, permissions and tables for database as appropriate for its use  • Conducted Backups using RMAN to prevent data loss.  • Protected the integrity of the data using security methods like encryption using TDE.  • Install, configure and upgrade the server to suit the database needs.  • Automated system tasks using DBMS_Scheduler.  • Assisted with installation of GOLDEN GATE in a unidirectional, bidirectional, and broadcast configuration to mainly replicate data and ensure high availability, in a heterogeneous environment.  • Created reports to monitor database information (including statistics on schemas, tables,  • Resolved Oracle related errors/issues assigned through Remedy ticketing system.  • Implemented cold and hot backups for production and development environments.  • Performed daily, monthly and annual SAP reports for trend analysis and projection planning to support various functions in helping them understand P&L's.  • Worked in a cross functional team that oversaw SAP installation, implementation, monitoring, maintenance, data exportation, and reporting.  • Considered reoccurring problems within the structure of a business, brainstorm potential solutions and implement software changes.  • Maintained systems by running scans and re-configuring software as needed.  • Responsible for ensuring that all applications and networks run in accordance with business practices.  • Presented project plans for approval prior to starting the implementation process. Remedy Consultant Column Technologies - Annandale, VA May 2009 to August 2009 Served in capacity as Remedy Consultant. I provided customer service to clientele, while promoting information and awareness.    • Responded to customer requests for product or solutions information  • Modified and created workflow in the form of active links, filters, and escalations  • Managed access control by assigning users to groups  • Assigned permissions to forms and fields to limit and grant access to users and groups  • Created reports using BMC Remedy User  • Created user records  • Established and maintained a professional rapport with key personnel and action officers within the Organization.  • Communicated effectively in writing and orally and relaying instructions to counterparts, management and customer base audiences. Education Industrial Engineering North Carolina A&T State University 2000 to 2002 Skills DATABASE, ORACLE, ORACLE 10g, PL/SQL, SQL, DBA, Sql Dba, Sql Server (2012, 2014, 2016), ETL, Postgresql, MYSQL, Data Guard, Oracle 11g, Oracle 12c, Golden Gate, TDE Encryption, Database Development, Oracle Enterprise Manager, Amazon Web Services (AWS), JIRA, Migration Projects, Backup and Recovery, Patch Management, ITIL, Database Design, Oracle Dba, Disaster Recovery, Red Hat Linux, Unix Administration, Databases, SQL*Plus, Data Integrity, Replication, TOAD, Requirements Analysis, Strategic Planning, Data Pump, STIG, Database Auditing, RMAN, Database Security, Database Architecture, Access Control, User Management, Windows, Oracle 13c
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1022.html#28:::Database Administrator;Male Revue Dancer;Excel:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Phoenix, AZ Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Administrator Cigna - Phoenix, AZ July 2007 to November 2013 Male Revue Dancer Labare - Dallas, TX October 2000 to August 2002 Education Bachelor's in Business Administration UNLV - Las Vegas, NV September 2001 to June 2004 Skills Excel
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1023.html#29:::Volunteer;Database Administrator, Intern;Client Support, Intern;MS SQL SERVER;SQL SERVER;SQL;CLUSTERING;DISASTER RECOVERY;C++;PERFORMANCE TUNING;SHIPPING;AUTOCAD;MICROSOFT OFFICE:::Volunteer Volunteer Atlanta, GA Experience with SQL server database with excellent client skills seeking a junior position where I can utilize my technical knowledge, skills, and abilities in a dynamic organization. Also, learn and further advance my skillset with a highly motivated company. Action-oriented with strong ability to communicate effectively with technology. Work Experience Volunteer The City of Augusta Ga's Cyber & Robotics Camp 2019 to Present Database Administrator, Intern City of Augusta - Augusta, GA May 2017 to August 2019 * Experience as a production support MS SQL Server database administrator; Junior technical skills in MS SQL Server 2016 and 2017 including system installation and upgrade, backup and recovery, database maintenance and support, release management, troubleshooting, performance tuning, configuration and support of DTS, SQL Server Agent jobs and maintenance plans  * Monitor, optimize, and allocate physical data storage for database systems.  * Documentation of SQL servers builds and dependencies  * Develop, implement, and maintain change control and testing processes for modifications to databases.  * Perform database transaction and security audits.  * Establish appropriate end-user database access control levels.  * Develop routines for end users to facilitate best practices database use.  * Experience with continuous integration build systems and tools. (e.g. Boss)  * Data Protection transition from HP UX to Linux/Unix  * Physical backups, daily disk to disk, monthly to tape long term recoveries for file systems, SQL, and Oracle DBs  * Net gear ReadyNas 4260 to manage the law enforcement body cam storage  * Created jobs, alerts, and SQL Mail Agents.  * Installed and configured multiple SQL Server instances in production environment.  * Backing up, restoring the data base manually and also by scheduling jobs and Maintenance Plans.  * Familiar with Veeam backup and replication software Client Support, Intern City of Augusta - Augusta, GA May 2016 to August 2016 * Maintained the monitoring of all data communications systems.  * Set up computers and install software  * Entered entire support activities and client details in tracking system.  * Effectively and clearly communicated with customers in their language.  * Responded to customer email and telephone IT concerns and issues.  * Analyzed customer computer requirements to meet user needs.  * Continually updated personal knowledge of computing hardware operating systems and software.  * Maintained confidentiality and discretion when working with passwords or sensitive materials.  * Imaged new PCs for clients.    Leadership Experience  * Bronze Medal Academic Recipient, 2013 - 2015 National Society of Black Engineers 2015 to 2016 Math Club 2013 to 2015 Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science in Computer Science Savannah State University - Savannah, GA December 2017 Skills MS SQL SERVER, SQL SERVER, SQL, CLUSTERING, DISASTER RECOVERY, C++, PERFORMANCE TUNING, SHIPPING, AUTOCAD, MICROSOFT OFFICE Assessments Basic Computer Skills: PC — Highly Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to perform basic computer operations, navigate a Windows OS, and troubleshoot common computer problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/pmusoko6id3glz1s Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Relevant Skills  Clustering MS SQL Server Management Studio 2016 2017 Disaster Recovery Data Protector Backup and Restore Mirroring Log Shipping High Availability  C++ Computer Network & Design Microsoft Office Suite Network and Design AutoCAD Performance Tuning
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1024.html#30:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator, Integrated Operations;Oracle Database Administrator, Operations and Platform Services Westchester,PA,USA;Oracle Database Administrator, Operations - Data Management;Database;Microsoft sql server;Sql server;Oracle;Pl/sql;Sql;Aix;Linux;Shell scripting;Sun;Unix;Unix shell;Rman;Remedy;Scripting;Rdbms;Bmc;Loader;Oem:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - Delta Airlines * Motivated and skilled Oracle Database Administrator (Architecture, Configuration, Security Management, Storage Management, Performance Troubleshooting, Backup & Recovery).  * Proficiency in Oracle Database 9i, 10g, 11g and 12c Administration on RHEL 4/6, SUN Solaris, AIX, SUSE and Windows Platforms and performing DBA duties like Installation, Cloning, Patching and Migration/Upgradation.  * Backup and Recovery of Oracle Databases using RMAN utility and Logical Backups using traditional Export/Import and Data Pump.  * Recovering Oracle Database to a previous point-in-time or SCN using RMAN.  * Creation and maintenance of Oracle Data Guard.  * A Good Knowledge on Real Application Cluster(RAC) and ASM (Automatic Storage Management) for RAC and Standalone databases.  * Analyzing STATSPACK, AWR, ADDM and Explain Plan Reports for performance tuning.  * Extensive use of Oracle Enterprise Manager Cloud Control 12c for database monitoring and tuning efforts.  * Recover tables using Flashback recovery techniques.  * Administration of Tables, Indexes, Extent and User management.  * Configuring LISTENER and TNSNAMES in network applications.  * Monitoring of File system, Tablespaces (datafiles) usage.  * Archival Space Monitoring and regulating Archival growth.  * Creating and managing DBLINKs and Materialized views.  * Hands-on experience on Oracle Exadata Database x6 Machines (Half Rack).  * Adept in Oracle Golden Gate online sync and Replication monitoring in one-to-one and one-to-many (broadcasting) primary-standby setup.  * Proficiency in Oracle Database Migration and Upgradation from Oracle 11g to 12c Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Delta Airlines - Atlanta, GA May 2016 to Present - USA  * To comply with the PCI Audit requirements, migration of databases (v. Oracle 11g) hosted on the old servers running on either SUSE Linux or RHEL 4 to the new servers (some of them running on Virtual Machine boxes and EXAData X6 Machines running on RHEL 6 platform with Oracle version 12c (12.1.0.2.0).  *Configure appropriate monitoring and respond to database-related alerts  * To test the Migration and Upgrade approach on the lab server using the database backups and document the steps involved before the actual migration, that includes OS install, user/group setup, ASM install and ASM disk creation, 12c GRID and database software installations with the latest PSU patch applied.  * Working with Data Modelers and Database Developers to deploy the database schema changes in QA, External (Functional/Regression test env.), Q1(load testing env.) and finally into the Production environment during the monthly releases using Oracle's Edition Based Redefinition (EBR) approach.  * Creating database editions, changing the database services to point to the correct editions with every release.  * Responsible for any production issues or performance issues for the application in my support bucket thereby analyzing and recommending fix for the issue in an attempt to improve the performance of the query/ database from execution time, CPU usage and I/O usage perspective.  * Oracle Golden Gate Zero Downtime Schema Level Migration from 11g to 12c  * Creating SQL profiles for the reported queries with plan fluctuations, picking the bad execution plans, to fix them to use the best available plan with the optimizer with every execution.  * To work with Oracle Support in case of a database incident requiring a one-off patch to be applied or database parameter/memory/OS parameter changes to be made to resolve the cause.  *Develop and maintain positive working relationships with the following stakeholders:  -Application team leads  -ETL Developers  -LINUX system engineer  -Project managers  -On- and off-shore DBAs Oracle Database Administrator, Integrated Operations Qualcomm - San Diego, CA May 2015 to May 2016 - USA  * Worked as the Primary Development DBA for a set of applications/databases and carry out all database changes in the lower environments before the changes are deployed in the production environment.  * Worked closely with Application/ Database Developers in preparing the final set of install instructions for Production install while it's still being implemented in the Dev and Pre-Prod databases.  * Providing advice to Software Engineers on the effective use of Oracle features, troubleshooting, exception processing needs, and other data management issues.  * Responsible for performance tuning requirements for the applications in my portfolio from the database stand-point and help resolve them and recommend the fixes in the best possible way using tools like Statspack, AWR, ADDM, ASH, Explain Plan, Oradebug, tkprof, Oracle Advisories and so on.  * Giving required Index recommendations, creating SQL profile to avoid SQL plan fluctuations for long running and resource intensive application/business critical SQL's/queries to help improve the performance and reduce the execution time, CPU usage and I/O usage of the databases.  * Keeping track of One-off patches and PSU patches applied to the databases/clusters in my portfolio.  * To take schema/table logical backups using Data Pump from Production and import them into Pre-Prod environments as and when it's required by the app teams for their test.  * Running schema comparison reports between E3, E2 and E1 environments and identifying the differences and sharing the details with the app team.  * Setting up Resource Manager for a few CPU & I/O bound databases wherein application, database and system users are grouped into different consumer groups and are mapped to customized resource plans thereby defining priorities levels of resource allocations among various consumer groups. Also, specifying time duration or the resource limit (CPU time or I/O limit) for a session to execute in a consumer group, exceeding which, the session is canceled or killed as per the Action option setup.  * Managing Large sized data warehouse databases (close to 100 Terabytes) hosted on Exadata boxes (Half Rack) with admin access in both production and development environments. Oracle Database Administrator, Operations and Platform Services Westchester,PA,USA ComcastFeb 2014 to May 2015 * Experience on Installation and Configuration of Oracle 11gR2 databases with RAC setup (3 Node cluster) running on Red Hat Linux version 4 boxes with ASM storage.  * Review and Application of Oracle security (CPU and PSU) patches and bug fix patches.  * Implementing Database Backup strategies using RMAN and performing Database recovery.  * Implementing high availability solutions (DR) for business critical Databases using Oracle Data Guard and performing switchover scenarios with multiple standby locations.  * Performing database reorganization taking various parameters like, BLEVEL, DEL_LEAF_ROWS, TOTAL_LEAF_ROWS and HIGH WATER MARK into consideration as required to assist performance, reclaim disk space and to ensure maximum uptime of the databases.  * Responsible for both manage and support all Production, Development and Testing Database.  * Creation of different database objects viz. tables, indexes, constraints, synonyms, views, packages, procedures, functions etc. as per application requirements/requests.  * Granting necessary privileges and roles to application user IDs enabling them to do various database activities.  * Reviewing the instructions for all application specific changes in the database, do the testing in E1(development) databases and successful implementation in E2(Integrated) database before executing in Production.  * Monitoring tablespace usage, growth analysis and adding/resizing datafiles depending on the growth rate so as to avoid any application load Job failure due to insufficient space.  * Checking Alertlogs, ASM logs, contents of /var/log/messages when there is an incident generated due to any specific errors encountered in any of the above log locations.  * Working on ORA-01555(SNAPSHOT TOO OLD) error, finding the SQL causing the error, checking the UNDO tablespace usage, occupants. Informing application team about the SQL/SQL_TEXT causing the error, to tune the DML query, append batch/intermediate commits in the batch jobs or rescheduling the job to a different time period (if possible) when the UNDO utilization is less, so as to prevent the error from happening. Also to increase the UNDO tablespace size and undo_retention parameter if required.  * Generating AWR, ADDM, ASH reports for incident durations and comparing it with the good run timelines to find out RCA of any application job slowness or if there is a need to change/increase any database parameters.  * Using Data Pump to transfer data from one database (usually production) to another (usually development).  * Using SCP or FTP/SFTP for transferring the dump files from one server to other.  * Working on ORA errors traced in the database alertlogs, finding the SQL causing it, investigating the problem with the argument data from the error message (trace file) to match up against the known bug and recommending/applying fixes/patches to resolve them.  * Session tracing (10046,10053), formatting the trace file using ORADEBUG utility and analyzing the trace files to find out RCA of an issue.  * Tracing long running application sessions with hanganalyze and systemstate and to upload the dumpfiles in SR for the Oracle Vendor(Support) to analyze.  * Working with Oracle Support for any database related issue thereby getting recommendations for any patch or solution/fix for it.  * Collecting statistics for the tables with STALE status, having old statistics or which have recently undergone huge DML changes.  * Checking Database Backup Reports on a daily basis and informing L1 team to trigger manual backup in case of a failure.  * Monitoring Oracle Golden Gate replication sync of standby sites configured with one-to-one and one-to-many primary-standby setup. Oracle Database Administrator, Operations - Data Management Ameriprise Financials March 2010 to February 2014 * Responsible for both manage and support all Production, Development and Test Databases.  * Frequent monitoring (every 4 hour) of tablespace Usage, ASM Usage, Archival Usage, Database & Instance connectivity check, sessions & process counts and so on.  * Checking Database Backup Report on Daily basis, checking error logs to know the reason of failure (if any) and trigger manual backup for failed backups.  * Applying database security patches (CPU & PSU) and Upgrading databases depending on application requirement & client's database security policies.  * Monitoring the Log Shipping of physical standby databases configured via Oracle Data Guard and apply the archive gaps (if any).  * Maintaining partitioned tables/indexes and adding future partitions (Daily/Weekly/Monthly) beforehand.  * Checking the contents of database alertlogs when there is an incident generated due to any specific errors encountered in the alertlog of the databases.  * Monitoring tablespace usage, growth analysis and adding/resizing datafiles depending on the growth rate so as to avoid any application load Job failure due to insufficient space.  * Generating AWR, ADDM, ASH and Explain plan reports for incident durations and comparing it with the good run timelines to find out RCA of any application job slowness or if there is a need to change/increase any database parameters.  * Working on application requests like password reset, account unlock, profile change, providing Explain Plan of the application queries.  * Working on ORA errors traced in the database alertlogs, finding the SQL causing it, investigating the problem with the argument data from the error message (trace file) to match up against the known bug and recommending/applying fixes/patches to resolve them.  * Manual Cloning of databases from the latest backup for test and development purposes.    * Tracking the status of incidents being worked upon and meeting the SLA. at    Technical Skills:  Operating Systems: Linux (RHEL AS4/AS6), Sun OS, AIX, SUSE  Languages & Scripting: SQL, PL/SQL, Unix shell scripting  Databases (RDBMS): Oracle 9i, 10g, 11g & 12c, Microsoft SQL Server  Change Request Management: BMC Remedy, ManageNow& ServiceNow  Tools & Utilities: Toad, Putty, PL/SQL Developer, Win SCP, OEM, Oracle database utilities (SQL Loader, RMAN, Data Pump etc.) Education Bachelor of Engineering in Engineering MVJ College of Engineering Whitefield - Bengaluru, Karnataka Skills Database, Microsoft sql server, Sql server, Oracle, Pl/sql, Sql, Aix, Linux, Shell scripting, Sun, Unix, Unix shell, Rman, Remedy, Scripting, Rdbms, Bmc, Loader, Oem
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1025.html#31:::Database Administrator;Data Modeler/ DBA;Database Administrator;Database Administrator;Programmer/DBA;SQL (10+ years);PLSQL (10+ years);Linux (6 years);Unix (6 years);MySQL (4 years);MSSQL (4 years);Database Administration (10+ years);Database Development (10+ years);Performance Management (10+ years);SQL Tuning (9 years);DBA;Sql Dba;Oracle Dba;Sql Server;ETL:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator - HPE/DXC/Perspecta Bloomfield Hills, MI • 10 Years of experience in relational database design, analysis, modeling, development, administration, implementation, trouble shooting and quality management.  • 6 years' experience as DBA on a 100 TB Database with 10 node RAC cluster, in a fast-paced Agile environment  • Successfully completed the proof of concept to move the Oracle database onto AWS cloud.  • Achieved AWS Cloud Practitioner Essentials (Second Edition) Certification  • Successfully built Oracle Cloud Infrastructure to migrate the data from On-Premise to OCI.  • Successfully planned and upgraded Oracle Database from 11g to 12c. Active Data guard Setup as a Disaster recovery solution.   • Installing and configuring MS-SQL server 2008 R2/ 2012 databases. Set-up and document the backup and recovery of the database. Expertise in T-SQL writing stored procedures, triggers and functions  • Installing and configuring MySQL servers on RHEL and Windows environments.  • Effectively configured MySQL Replication as part of HA solution. Performed MySQL Replication setup and administration on Master-Slave and Master-Master  • Experience in Logical and Physical Design of Databases for OLTP and Data Warehouse 24/7  • Worked closely with the Data-warehousing teams assisting/mentoring them with Advance SQL and PL-SQL, concepts to improve ETL processes.  • Creation/Maintenance of conceptual, logical and physical data models using ERWIN, and Oracle Data Integrator  • Extensively worked on configuring and managing RMAN backup and recovery from tape, hot and cold backup, DATAPUMP, EXP/IMP, Transportable tablespaces, database cloning using RMAN  • Extensively worked on Advance Compression, Oracle partitioning, Materialized Views, Database links  • Proven expertise in SQL, PL/SQL programming, worked on TOAD, SQL Developer  • Strong knowledge of Database Design, Database tuning, Application Tuning  • Expertise in managing Oracle 9i/10g/11g/12c. Managing all the databases in Linux Red Hat 5.0, Unix  • Maintain development and test database instances in support of application development life cycle  • Managing Database Security, user access and SOX/PCI compliance. Worked with external audit teams  • Working closely with Change Management in planning and implementing database changes  • Expertise in supporting monitor and troubleshooting of Oracle Streams 11g  • Working Knowledge of Oracle Enterprise Manager 11g/12c/13c. (SQL Tuning Advisor, Oracle Scheduler, Control -M, SQL Monitoring, Backup and recovery, security)  • Very strong analytical, mathematical and problem-solving skills  • Excellent team player with good communication, presentation, mentoring skills Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Administrator HPE/DXC/Perspecta July 2016 to Present • Worked closely with the JAVA developers and be a mentor for all their Oracle Database expertise, helping evangelize database best practices and enforcing adherence to them. This includes assisting with objects design and creation, query performance tuning, Data Lifecycle Management  • Expertise in writing and executing advance database queries to validate data in ORACLE database  • Work with the appropriate teams (Security, Compliance, Internal Audit, and External Auditors) to define, implement, and enforce security standards for the database in compliance with company policies as well as compliance frameworks "SOX Compliance". Review security policies, participate in audits  • Support, administer and maintain production and non-production database environments  • Build and support database frameworks that allow the developers to more easily utilize complex database functionality in their applications  • Support, monitor and troubleshoot Oracle Streams  • Installing and configuring MySQL servers on RHEL and Windows environments.  • Effectively configured MySQL Replication as part of HA solution. Performed MySQL Replication setup and administration on Master-Slave and Master-Master  • Extensively worked on various monitoring tools such as OEM Grid, Power DBA to monitor all Oracle databases  • Ensuring availability and performance of the databases. Proactively monitor the database systems to ensure minimum downtime  • Worked on Management of schema's, objects & partitioning the tables & indexes  • Implemented strategy for partitioning and management of historical data tables in RAC  • Writing bash/shell scripts to automate the DBA tasks.  • Extensively worked on RMAN backup and Recovery, Database Cloning using RMAN, Restoring data files, Tablespaces using RMAN. Extensively worked on imp/exp, DATAPUMP.  • Experience working with SQL Tuning Advisor, Oracle Scheduler, SQL Monitoring, Backup and recovery  • Successfully completed the proof of concept to move the Oracle database onto AWS cloud.  • Sound knowledge and experience using version control tools such as GitHub, SVN. Data Modeler/ DBA Ally Financials January 2016 to July 2016 • Work for the integrated operational data storage project, and providing DBA services to the application development teams by being a mentor with respect to Oracle database expertise in a fast-paced agile environment.  • Designed conceptual data model based on the requirement, Interacted with non-technical end users to understand the business logics.  • Discussed the Data model, data flow and data mapping with the application development team.  • Helped developing PL/SQL packages, Conducted Unit testing, coordinated the production deployment and resolved Post implementation issues. Provided Maintenance & Support of the existing applications.  • Supporting the Application development teams with database design, performance tuning, implementing database best practices and being a mentor to the other teams.  • Automating the deployment of database objects and validating the objects at the end of each release.  • Creating DRD documentation, and working with the infrastructure team to get it approved.  • Create database validation document and verify the database when it's created.  • Creation/Maintenance of conceptual, logical and physical data models using ERWIN, and Oracle Data Integrator  • Working extensively with OEM tool to monitor databases and optimize database performance.  • Providing staging solution for capturing intra-day changes from source tables and feed it to data warehouse as the end of the day process.  • Planning and documenting the Database backup and recovery using RMAN  • Establishing and documenting change management process.  • Writing audit scripts to ensure we are compliant with the database security standards. Database Administrator University Of Michigan June 2015 to November 2015 • Upgraded the Oracle Database from Oracle 11.2.0.3 to 12.1.0.2  • Configured and managed RMAN backup and restoring it from the tape  • Managed Cold backup, Database cloning using RMAN  • Extensively worked on upgrades and patches on Banner Student Information system "ERP"  • Extensively worked on Import/Export/ DATAPUMP Utility  • Installing and configuring MS-SQL server database, and setting backup and recovery of the database,  • Working with the database developers to develop and maintain Oracle Database  • Constantly working with the end users and helping them resolve issues related to performance.  • Work with the internal and external auditors  • Writing bash/shell scripts to automate the DBA tasks. Database Administrator CARFAX Inc October 2012 to June 2015 • Support, administer and maintain production and non-production database environments  • Supporting the Data-warehousing teams assisting/mentoring them with Advance SQL and PL-SQL, concepts to improve ETL processes  • Creation/Maintenance of conceptual, logical and physical data models using ERWIN  • Ensuring availability and performance of the databases. Proactively monitor the database systems to ensure minimum downtime  • Writing bash/shell scripts to automate the DBA tasks.  • Written several PLSQL packages to standardize DBA tasks such as user management, database auditing, reset database passwords etc.,  • Worked on Management of schema's, objects & partitioning the tables & indexes  • Implemented strategy for partitioning and management of historical data tables in RAC  • Experience working with SQL Tuning Advisor, Oracle Scheduler, SQL Monitoring, Backup and recovery  • Extensively worked on RMAN backup and Recovery, Database Cloning using RMAN, Restoring data files, table-spaces using RMAN. Extensively worked on imp/exp, DATAPUMP. Programmer/DBA ORSCHELN FARM & HOME August 2009 to September 2012 • Provide production support the current ERP System  • Analyze the data, write ad hoc queries. Resolve day to day store issues related to price changes  • Develop Application for store back office and home office using Oracle APEX  • Worked on Oracle Streams to replicate the data across the databases  • Extensively worked on PL/SQL packages and collections, worked on conversions and interfaces  • Managing users, roles and privileges, data integrity  • Strong design and development background using PL/SQL  • Worked on RMAN backup. Managing all the databases in Linux Red Hat Education Master's in Computer Integrated Manufacturing and Management in Computer Integrated Manufacturing and Management University Of Huddersfield - Huddersfield Bachelor of Engineering in Engineering Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University - Hyderabad, Telangana Skills SQL (10+ years), PLSQL (10+ years), Linux (6 years), Unix (6 years), MySQL (4 years), MSSQL (4 years), Database Administration (10+ years), Database Development (10+ years), Performance Management (10+ years), SQL Tuning (9 years), DBA, Sql Dba, Oracle Dba, Sql Server, ETL Certifications/Licenses AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner April 2019 to Present
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1026.html#32:::Sr Enterprise Database Administrator;Sr Enterprise Database Administrator;Sr Enterprise Database Administrator - Consultant;Sr Enterprise Database Administrator - Consultant;Database Development (10+ years);SQL Server Reporting Services (10+ years);SQL Server Integration Services (10+ years);Microsoft Office (10+ years);Microsoft Project (10+ years);SQL Server Diagnostic Manager (5 years);SentryOne (2 years);DBA (10+ years);Sql Dba (10+ years);DB2 (5 years);T-SQL (10+ years);VBScript (10+ years);Project Management (10+ years);Powershell (8 years);SQL Server v4.3 - v2017 (10+ years);Database Management (10+ years);ETL (10+ years);SQL Server Database Administrator (10+ years);Oracle (10+ years);Batch Files (10+ years);Oracle Database;Sql Server;Sql Database:::Sr Enterprise Database Administrator Sr Enterprise <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Sr Enterprise Database Administrator Arlington, TX Visionary and goal oriented hands-on senior Information Technology management professional with demonstrated experience in planning, developing, and implementing cutting-edge information solutions to address business needs. Specializing in change management, crisis management, trouble-shooting, problem solving and negotiating.    LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/chris-f-806560120    For the past 18 years I have been focused on database technologies. SQL Server is my main focus but I do have experience with Oracle at a developer level. I have done many projects updating, consolidating, reorganizing, and creating SQL Server farms. Database size has ranged from very small to 10TB.    I have been in IT since 1984. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr Enterprise Database Administrator Financial Services Company - Dallas, TX November 2017 to April 2019 Reconfigure SQL Server farm from ground-up. Set standards for configuration, use, and care of all SQL Server instances. Custom write centralized backup solution using T-SQL only. Design and write custom jobs for daily, weekly, monthly, etc. maintenance of databases. Tune Microsoft Dynamics (Navision) for indexes and housekeeping and system/application response. Scale all systems with tempdb files and monitor response closely for each application. Work with development staff to bring system(s) to best-practice (on-going). SQL Server 2008 through SQL Server 2016 including Azure utilized. Sr Enterprise Database Administrator HLT - Grand Prairie, TX June 2016 to October 2017 Reconfigure SQL Server farm from ground-up. Set standards for configuration, use, and care of all SQL Server and Oracle instances. Custom write centralized backup solution using T-SQL only. Design and write custom jobs for daily, weekly, monthly, etc. maintenance of databases. Tune Microsoft Dynamics (Navision) for indexes and housekeeping and system/application response. Scale all systems with tempdb files and monitor response closely for each application. Work to better align how data is coming from the HLT stores (500) to the home-office and re-architect how that data is imported into the central database. Work with development staff to bring system(s) to best-practice. Architect solutions for moving forward with communication from the stores. Architect solution to import data from outside sources to centralized database. SQL Server 2008 through Azure utilized. Sr Enterprise Database Administrator - Consultant Dallas Cowboys - Arlington, TX October 2013 to January 2016 Reconfigure SQL Server farm from ground-up. Set standards for configuration, use, and care of all SQL Server and Oracle instances. Custom write centralized backup solution using T-SQL only. Design and write custom jobs for daily, weekly, monthly, etc. maintenance of databases. Tune Microsoft Dynamics (AX v4, AX v2012) for indexes and housekeeping and system/application response. Scale all systems with tempdb files and monitor response closely for each application. Mentor developers on best-practices using SQL Server and AX. Deep investigation in performance issues with AX v4 for stop-gap until AX v2012 put into place. Assemble presentations for meetings and MS Project plans. Create documentation for all processes, programs, etc. Introduce data dictionary to organization and start building master data management. SQL Server extended properties used to store data dictionary facts. Sr Enterprise Database Administrator - Consultant Lucernex Technologies - Plano, TX November 2010 to July 2013 Provide 24x7 support to a cloud computing company in the retail construction space. This included but not limited to 24x7 technical support for all SQL Server instances and databases. Build all co-located SQL Server instances from scratch. This included alerts, job creation, and optimization of indexes, disaster recovery, and tuning for all instances for two co-located SQL Server farms. Architect standard configuration for databases as well as mentor staff on data architecture best-practices. Education Bachelor's in Information Technology DeVry Institute - Dallas, TX September 1985 to May 1987 General Studies Tarrant County Junior College - Fort Worth, TX September 1983 to June 1984 High school or equivalent in General Studies James Bowie High School - Arlington, TX September 1981 to May 1983 Skills Database Development (10+ years), SQL Server Reporting Services (10+ years), SQL Server Integration Services (10+ years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), Microsoft Project (10+ years), SQL Server Diagnostic Manager (5 years), SentryOne (2 years), DBA (10+ years), Sql Dba (10+ years), DB2 (5 years), T-SQL (10+ years), VBScript (10+ years), Project Management (10+ years), Powershell (8 years), SQL Server v4.3 - v2017 (10+ years), Database Management (10+ years), ETL (10+ years), SQL Server Database Administrator (10+ years), Oracle (10+ years), Batch Files (10+ years), Oracle Database, Sql Server, Sql Database Certifications/Licenses BrainBench - RDMS Concepts March 2006 to Present Transcript ID# : 3656198    RDBMS Concepts : 3.23   Computer Industry Knowledge : 3.25   Business Fundamentals : 3.19 Additional Information Private Pilot  Guitar
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1027.html#33:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Production Support Database Administrator;Database;Oracle;Oracle 10g;Sql;Rman;Hp-ux;Ux;Red hat;Solaris;Unix;Aix;Linux;Sun;Remedy;Erwin;Oem;Loader;Emc;Oracle Dba;DBA:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - Cotiviti White Plains, MD • Certified Oracle Database Administrator over 6+ years of experience with strong emphasis on delivering world-class solutions across corporate  • DBA (OCA-Oracle certified associate) and well versed with SQA(Software quality assurance) life cycle, requirement gathering, deploying test cases development, also with Oracle EBS(E-Business Suite).  • Hands on experience in Oracle 10g, 11g and 12c RAC implementation & administration (Oracle Clusterware setup and configuration, RAC installation using ASM, Grid Installation)  • Performed upgrade In RAC environment from 11. 2.0.3 to 11.2.0.4 and perform rolling upgrade using data guard  • Good experience in RAC Clusterware administration, Configuration and Patching Performing day-to-day database administration tasks like Tablespace usage, checking alert log, trace files, monitoring disk usage, Table/index analyze jobs, database backup logs etc.  • Extensive experience designing and implementing backup and recovery strategy for databases using Recovery Manager (RMAN), traditional Export/ Import, Export/Import Datapump as well as conventional Hot/Cold Backups.  • Implemented various backup strategies for Large / Medium sized databases using RMAN  • Worked extensively on Cloning /Duplicate of databases using RMAN.  • Experience with various database Backup and Recovery methods like PITR, TSPITR, Export/Import and Flashback Technologies.  • Experience in the field of Database Technology with experience in designing, developing implementing Databases.  • Have ample knowledge in implementing policies, and procedures for disaster recovery and archival processing to ensure data protection.  • Expert in delivering Oracle Database performance-tuning services for customers with EXPLAIN PLAN, TKPROF, STATSPACK, SQL TRACE, ORADEBUG, 11g OEM Grid monitoring custom scripts troubleshooting oracle databases using SQL trace utilities.  • Experience with SQL coding including DDL, DML and fine tuning those sql's for better performance.  • Good knowledge v$ performance views and command line skills to identify information about sessions, wait events, system performance etc  • Involved in tuning applications for optimal response time using SQL /Optimizer Trace at various levels and events, Explain Plan, TKprof, Or debug and also identifying the poor SQL's, histograms, row chaining & row migrations and tune accordingly.  • Exposure to SQL Tuning Advisor, SQL Profiles, SQL Monitoring, SQL Access Advisor, SQL Baselines and SQLTXTRACT tools and utilities.  • Implemented LINUX HUGE PAGES on OEL 5.5 and Red hat Linux 6.x for Clustered Environments.  • Extensive experience in shall and batch scripting on Red hat Linux 6.x.  • Design and write T-SQL and scripts to automate database management tasks.  • Applying Patches, Critical Patch Update/Patch Set update and One-off Patches using OPatch. Experience in patching RAC databases in rolling fashion to maintain high availability.  • Managing RDS instances and EC2 in AWS  • Migrate standalone database to AWS  • Experience in tuning database and memory components for optimal performance using AWR, ADDM and ASH reports.  • Extensive experience in designing Logical and Physical data models for new developments using ERwin modeler.  • Experience in using 11g features Flash-Back Recovery, Data Pump, AWR, ASM, ADDM, ASH, Recycle Bin, 11g&12c Grid Monitoring.  • Skilled in cross platform migrations from Windows to Linux, Solaris to Linux.  • Strong knowledge on troubleshooting Networking issues TCP/IP (Transmission Control Protocol/Internet protocol)  • Excellent Experience in installing and maintaining Oracle Dataguard to implement physical Standby Databases for Disaster Recovery.  • Experienced in Installation of high availability RAC environment (2node clusters) and upgraded standalone databases to 11g RAC environment.  • Proficient in setting up Standby Database using shell scripts and RMAN utility tool, activating and Re-building Standby Databases both Physical and Logical supported by DATAGUARD.  • Migrated databases from Non-ASM file system to ASM file system using RMAN.  • Upgrading and Migration of Oracle database to higher version and other platforms using manual method and traditional Export/Import, datapump & Transportable Tablespace (TTS).  • Experience in coding SQL, PL/SQL package, function, stored procedure, triggers, and materialized view for Oracle database.  • Hands on experience with logical backups, Hot/Cold backups, Recovery, and cloning of databases using (RMAN) Recovery Manager, SQL-Backtrack, VERITAS Net Backup.  • Disk Space Management involving managing archives, space allocation to various tablespaces and capacity planning for new applications.  • Expertise in Configuring RMAN with Catalog /No catalog and worked on Point-In-Time Recovery and flashback.  • Plugging the tablespace between different platforms using Cross platform transportable tablespace Utility.  • Collecting performance statistics using Statspack/AWR (Automatic Workload Repository) and ADDM (Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor).  • Used TKPROF utility and Explain Plan for tuning SQL queries.  • Experience in regular DBA activities such as Upgrades, Patches, TAR support, Cloning, Backups and Recovery Manager, Performance Tuning, Capacity Planning and documentation  • Memory tuning by using ASMM (Automatic shared Memory Management). Sort area size, Buffer cache, Shared pool size, Different pools like Recycle pool, Keep pool.  • Rebuilding of Indexes for better performance, User Management, Tablespace management, maintenance of Oracle Database.  • Experience in using Golden Gate to support data replication in the Oracle database environment.  • Experience in Golden Gate upgrade from 10.2 to 11.2.and Installing Oracle patches  • Configure Migration, Replicate and Extract processes and implement unidirectional, bidirectional replication using Oracle 11g Golden Gate on RHEL 5 platform.  • Experience in Monitoring and Tuning system resources associated with the database performance, hit ratios, I/O, lock, and latch contention.  • Expertise in loading data from flat files using external tables, SQL* Loader.  • Experience with SQL, PL/SQL, UNIX Scripting.  • Hands on experience in tuning mappings, identifying and resolving performance bottlenecks in various levels like sources, targets, mappings, and sessions.  • Excellent analytical, problem solving, communication and interpersonal skills Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Cotiviti - Atlanta, GA June 2015 to Present • Create documentation to support the business and satisfy regulatory requirements.  • Plan and execute disaster recovery for company production systems.  • Research and solve Oracle and product errors (external client and internal).  • Managing RDS instances and EC2 in AWS  • Migrate standalone database to AWS  • Plan and implement backup and recovery strategy and write scripts to do nightly RMAN backup.  • Installed, patched, and managed Oracle Database versions 11g on Red Hat Linux  • Experience working on POC of 12c new features like Redaction policy, adaptive query optimization, multiple indexes on single column, Restore table through RMAN etc  • Able to resolve the performance issue in database 12c using full database caching and In-Memory Aggregation features.  • Hand on experience in cloning the non-multitenant container database to pluggable database in 12c using the PDB Metadata clone, PDB Remote Clone and PDB Snapshot cloning feature.  • Have implemented two type of standby databases supported by Data Guard, logical standby and physical standby databases in 11gR2  • Having hands on experience in Hot/Cold Backup, Recovery and Cloning of databases using RMAN with VERITAS Net Backup.  • Implemented Active Data guard, creating both Logical and Physical Standby databases in 10g,11gRAC & 12C environment for the Production databases.  • Configured and managed Data Guard extensively for Production databases of sizes ranging from 2GB to 20TB  • Experiencing in Installing OEM 12c and 13c Cloud Control and upgrading the 11g management agents to 12c agents.  • Implemented Golden Gate in moving large volumes of transactional data, with minimal impact to online systems.  • Cloning/duplicate of database with RMAN and user-managed (hot/cold) backups.  • Migration of databases to 12C from Oracle 10g&11g.  • Implemented and maintained Oracle 11g Data Guard/standby databases for fail-over purposes.  • Also, worked on Network data encryption to improve the security and implemented SSL wallet to secure the connections.  • Migrated OLAP databases close to 8TB with minimal downtime using GoldenGate and verified data integrity using Goldengate Veridata tool for Linux 3 Node RAC.  • Database Services creation for distributing the applications across multiple nodes, extensively used all command line utilities SRVCTL, CRSCTL, ADR, ASMCMD,  • Partitioned tables Maintenance, adding new partitions, exchanging one year old partitions then archiving of the exchanged partitions, dropping or truncating of old portions.  • Implemented 11g Interval Partitioning for monthly partitioning of large tables.  • Developed RMAN Backup strategies for cloning the test databases with the production environment and worked on RMAN active-active duplication.  • Experience with Logical backups EXPDP/IMPDP and extensively used for Re-hosting the application using Golden Gate and worked with conventional EXP/IMP for migrating data from 9i to 10G.  • Scheduled RMAN backups, purge jobs, Maintenance Jobs using DBMS_JOBS, DBMS_SCHEDULER, Crontab.  • Designed and implemented different backup strategies like Cold, Hot, MAN with Flash Recovery Area and Logical Backups EXPDP/IMPDP.  • Handled Chained Rows and Row migration, and solved the database performance issues.  • Converted Goldengate Classic Replicat to Co-ordinated Replicat to improve the throughput of golden gate apply.  • Experienced with ASM, adding, deleting disks to the disk group.  • Supported development teams for all the database related issues and handled the critical issues like network failures and ASM DISK group errors.  • Generated Statspack/AWR reports using OEM 12C from Oracle 11g database and analysed the reports for Oracle wait events, time consuming SQL queries, tablespace growth, database growth.  • Used Explain Plan, Oracle hints and creation of new indexes to improve the performance of SQL statements. Involved in SQL Query tuning and provided tuning recommendations to Application jobs, time/CPU consuming queries  • AWS EC2 instance creation and management. Including configuration and provisioning of instance for deployment of oracle db's  • Deployed RDS on EC2 instance including oracle and mysql.  • Coordinated maintenane activities including shutdown and startup of db's and ec2 instances  • Completed RDS backups before and after maintenance activies including upgrades and patching  • Tools Used: Oracle RMAN, Oracle 11g (11. 2.0.2), DBMS STATS, Datapump, SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN Oracle Production Support Database Administrator FIU College of education - Miami, FL March 2012 to May 2015 • Cloned/Migrated databases using RMAN and traditional Datapump export/import utilities in Oracle 10gR2.  • Implemented recovery strategies whenever required and successfully recovered databases in case database crash, media/disk failures by using RMAN.  • Scheduling the Physical backups (hot & cold) in CRON tab using RMAN utility and monitoring the scheduled jobs.  • Worked on Installation and maintenance of Oracle 11g, 12C RAC databases including Golden gate, ASM and CRS.  • Responsible for Creating Users, Groups, Roles, Profiles and assigning the users to groups and grant necessary privileges to the relevant groups.  • Performed upgrade In RAC environment from 11.2.0.3 to 11.2.0.4 and perform rolling upgrade using data guard  • Used SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN utilities for optimizing and tuning SQL queries.  • Maintained the data integrity and security using integrity constraints and database triggers.  • Provided 24X7 support for all the production and development databases.  • Strong skills in applying security patches (Patch set, Critical Patch Updates (CPU) / Patch Set Updates (PSU), One-off Patch) using "runInstaller" and perl based utility "opatch".  • Highly experienced in implementing Oracle's Transportable Tablespace (TTS) feature using Datapump Export/Import (Oracle 11g, 10g) allowing users to quickly move a user Tablespace across Oracle databases.  • Expertise in implementing data refreshes (at database, schema & table level) using RMAN utility and Datapump, conventional Export/Import of Oracle 11g, 10g.  • Performed Installation and configuration of Oracle 10.2.0.1 database on HP-UX platform.  • Successfully performed migrations from Oracle 9i/10g to 10gR2 RAC (Real Application) Database.  • Performed Initial load, Extract, Replicat, trial files and exporting data onto Repository Database using Golden Gate tool.  • Successfully upgraded the databases from 11g to non CDB 12c.  • Successfully migrated 12c Non CDB databases to pluggable databases.  • Created Oracle Wallets and implemented Tablespace level TDE security.  • Constantly monitor the performance (V$ dynamic performance views at peak load) of the Databases and viewing Alert log files & Trace files.  • Used to run scripts to check the status of databases such as growing table sizes, extent allocation, free space, used space, fragmentation etc.  • Performed space management, capacity planning, disaster recovery and overall maintenance of the databases.  • Created Physical Standby databases using RMAN with zero downtime, performed Failover and Switchover using Data Guard Broker and manually as and when required.  • Worked extensively with Physical Standby database, troubleshooting, switchover and switchback with Physical standby setup.  • Successfully performed data replication using Materialized views and Oracle Streams in Oracle 10gR2.  • Applied patches 10.2.0.2 and 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4.  • Tools Used: Oracle 10.2.0.1, HP-UX 11, Sun Solaris 10.0, Oracle Streams, RMAN, Datapump, SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN Education Masters of Science in Chemistry Douala University Skills Database, Oracle, Oracle 10g, Sql, Rman, Hp-ux, Ux, Red hat, Solaris, Unix, Aix, Linux, Sun, Remedy, Erwin, Oem, Loader, Emc, Oracle Dba, DBA Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Databases: Oracle 10g, 11g, 12c  Database Tools: Oracle (Oracle Enterprise Manager, SQL*Plus, SQL Loader, DB Configuration Assistant) Toad, OEM Grid, RMAN, SQL*Loader, Exp/Imp/Data Pump, Log miner, Statspack/AWR, DBCA, DBUA, ADDM, Oracle Migration Workbench, ERwin, Service now, Remedy  Operating Systems: MS Windows, UNIX (Solaris 8/9/10, AIX, HP-UX), LINUX  Hardware: Sun Fire 15K, Sun 6320 Storage, Sun Enterprise Servers 890/880/420/450, Sun StorEdge 6320, Hitachi, EMC, Dell Servers, Compaq Servers 6000/3000/1600/800, HP/UX-9000, Red Hat Linux 6.2
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1028.html#34:::SQL Database Administrator;SQL DBA;Database;Ms access;Ms sql server;Ms sql server 2008;Sql server;Sql server 2008;Replication;Sql;Sharepoint;Ssrs;T-sql;Solarwinds;Jira;Software troubleshooting;Security;Database architecture;Shipping;Architecture;Excel;Microsoft office:::SQL Database Administrator SQL <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> SQL Database Administrator - Wing Zone Hyattsville, MD I am an MCSA certified SQL Database Administrator with exceptional DBA skills and experience providing successful operational performance of SQL Server RDBMS systems. In addition, I have experience installing, cconfiguring, and managing SQL Servers 2016, 2014, 2012, and 2008R2 in Development, Test, and Production environments. With extensive experience and training in SQL Server Performance Tuning, SSIS and SSRS coupled with strong communication skills. I am excited about ideal new opportunities where I can contribute to and learn from. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience SQL Database Administrator Wing Zone - Hyattsville, MD March 2016 to Present Responsibilities:  • Install, Configure, and Manage SQL Server 2016, 2014, 2012, and 2008 R2 in Development, Test and Production environments;  • Apply Service Packs, cumulative updates, patches and Hot Fixes on SQL Server;  • Use DBCC's and DMV commands to check database condition and consistency;  • Monitor and optimize database performance;  • Diagnose and resolve data management problems and issues;  • Write and execute Data Manipulation Language (DML) scripts;  • Implement Always-On High Availability Groups with two secondary Replicas;  • Troubleshoot day-to-day problems encountered on production as well as development and test database environments;  • Rebuild, reorganize Indexes and update statistics at regular intervals for superior performance;  • Document the process and create ToDo lists for installation, upgrade and migration steps;  • Configure and maintain replication technologies that are used to support SQL Server to include log shipping, transactional replication;  • Create SQL Server logins, database users, assigning permissions, moving security between servers and implementing data encryption;  • Implement Extract Transform Load (ETL) operations using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS);  • Scheduled jobs to automate different tasks such as monitoring database health, disk space, job alerts, index monitoring, stats monitoring;  • Experience with the creation of backup scripts and the various backup strategies SQL DBA Azizi Bank March 2014 to December 2015 Responsibilities:  • Managed security on Production and Development environments;  • Created and managed stored procedures, indexes, functions, triggers, database constraints to meet business requirements and policies;  • Installed and maintained various databases on Production and Development environments using SQL Server 2008, 2008R2, 2012;  • Upgraded SQL server 2008 to 2012;  • Experience in managing database maintenance plans such as database backup, check database integrity, rebuild and reorganize index, and shrink databases (where required);  • Implemented high availability on the various servers using Mirroring and Log Shipping;  • Created and maintained various logins and managed security based on the required access;  • Created various jobs to monitor resources on various servers and configured alerts;  • Optimized query performance with modifications in T-SQL queries, removed unnecessary columns, eliminated redundant/inconsistent data, established joins and created indexes whenever necessary;  • Was responsible for fine tuning of the database, troubleshooting, user administration, memory management, and running DBCC (Rebuilding Indexes and fine tuning Stored Procedures);  • Worked independently and in a team environment. Also organized and prioritized multiple tasks and meet aggressive deadlines;  • Worked on troubleshooting day-to-day problems encountered on production as well as development, test environments; Education Bachelor of Business Administration in Business Administration MAIWAND University September 2010 to September 2014 Diploma in Information Technology Danish Institute January 2006 to January 2007 Skills Database, Ms access, Ms sql server, Ms sql server 2008, Sql server, Sql server 2008, Replication, Sql, Sharepoint, Ssrs, T-sql, Solarwinds, Jira, Software troubleshooting, Security, Database architecture, Shipping, Architecture, Excel, Microsoft office Additional Information SKILL SUMMARY  • SQL Server Installation and upgrade; Database Migration;  • Database Architecture  • SQL Server Security;  • SQL Server Backup and Restore;  • SQL Server High Availability (Log shipping, Mirroring, Replication, Always On);  • SQL Server Performance Tuning;  • Hardware and software troubleshooting;  • SSRS; SSIS;  • Databases: MS SQL Server 2008, 2012, 2014, 2016, MS Access  • Programing Languages: T-SQL, PowerShell, SQLCMD  • Operating System: Windows Server 2008, 2012, 2016  • Software: Microsoft Office Word, Excel, PowerPoint, NotePad++, SharePoint  • Cloud: Microsoft Azure, AWS,  • Methodology: Agile  • Third-Party Tools: SolarWinds,  • Ticketing: Jira  • Documentation: Confluence page
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1029.html#35:::PROJECT MANAGER;PROJECT MANAGER;ASSOCIATE SCRUM MASTER;DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR;DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR;DATABASE ADMINISTRATION;DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR;DATABASE;DATABASE DESIGN;PMI;PROJECT MANAGER;DEPLOYMENT;PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT;NEW PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT;ASSOCIATE;INTEGRATION;PROCESS IMPROVEMENT:::PROJECT MANAGER PROJECT MANAGER PROJECT MANAGER - Romisoft Work Experience PROJECT MANAGER Romisoft - Seattle, WA December 2018 to Present Multi-project analysis, current state, requirements, scope, milestones, and budget. Established agile scrum methodology, daily standups, sprint planning, burndown and velocity charts, retrospectives. Defined technical resource planning - offshore vs. onshore analysis, database analysis and technical recommendations, legacy application(s) conversion to web. PROJECT MANAGER Scotsman Guide Media - Bothell, WA November 2018 to December 2018 Short term project analysis: requirements, module definition, scope, resources, percent completed, time to completion, project plan, weekly status report, executive and stakeholder report, created resource analysis tool. Established daily standup, sprint planning, re-organized and re-prioritized backlog, and established retrospectives. ASSOCIATE SCRUM MASTER Premera Blue Cross - Seattle, WA May 2017 to May 2018 Cross team associate scrum master, technical product development: incident response database rewrite, datacenter database migration: physical to virtual database migrations. DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR Premera Blue Cross - Seattle, WA March 2014 to May 2017 Microsoft SQL Server administration, product development, report writing, create and modify stored procedures, triggers, and views, system design, troubleshooting, backup & recovery, log shipping & mirroring, high availability, replication, cluster setup & balancing, performance tuning, upgrades, patch management, version migrations, optimization, datacenter migrations, and 24x7 support. DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR Realty in Motion - Bellevue, WA June 2013 to August 2013 Microsoft SQL Server administration, profiling, version migrations, security audits, backup & recovery, index performance analysis, and 24x7 support.  CERTIFIED ASSOCIATE PROJECT MANAGER  Project Management Institute  CERTIFIED SCRUM MASTER  Scrum Alliance Education ADMINISTRATION CERTIFICATION Cascadia Community College - Bothell, WA BACHELOR OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY in INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY Sensum Computer College - Faisalabad, PK Skills DATABASE ADMINISTRATION, DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR, DATABASE, DATABASE DESIGN, PMI, PROJECT MANAGER, DEPLOYMENT, PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT, NEW PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT, ASSOCIATE, INTEGRATION, PROCESS IMPROVEMENT
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\103.html#36:::Database Administrator, Amdocs DVCI;Database Administrator;DATABASE (4 years);ORACLE (1 year);SQL (3 years);UNIX (3 years);E-BUSINESS:::Database Administrator, Amdocs DVCI <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span>, Amdocs DVCI Database Administrator, Amdocs DVCI South Plainfield, NJ • A technology oriented professional with over 4 years of experience in ORACLE Database Administration in  Telecommunication sector ( AT&T )  • Experience with Production support, Change Management, Release Management, Troubleshooting,  Administration and maintenance of Oracle databases  • Experienced in collaborating with International Multicultural Team Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Administrator, Amdocs DVCI USA telecommunication client (AT&T) April 2014 to July 2017 Worked as Database Administrator for USA telecommunication client (AT&T). Goal of the project was to design and maintain AT&T environment ensuring 24/7 availability and high performance.  • Design database including logical/physical layout, schemes, components, replication and data  distribution  • Analyze project requirements and perform data analysis in order to develop data/ database solution  • Develop performance solutions like indexes, partitions, views and stored procedures for data access  efficiency  • Production layout preparation and installation as per company standard, policy and business  requirement  • DBA activities - datapump(expdp/impdp), Backup/recovery, installation, configuration,  upgradation, space management, cloning, User management, DBCA etc  • Automation and standardization of database processes by leading a whole threaded activity  to maturity and modification of existing processes and methods  • Storage management of databases including re-partitioning, Data purge, re- sizing datafile, implementing compression routines, reorganization or re-design  of database objects based on existing growth pattern  • Write/Review SQL code and support developers in understanding data model and create test data.  • Setting up test environment, data refresh from production  • Release control - Creating process flow for implementation of change and deploying changes  in production  • Migrating data from UNIX to LINUX environment  • Hands on experience in Informix databases DBA activities like Installation, Schema migration, dbexport, dbimport, Data migration, dbaccess, dbschema, oncheck, oninit/onmode etc Database Administrator Pansoft Data Solutions Pvt. Ltd January 2013 to April 2014 Worked as a Database Administrator for client Toyota (Algeria). Scope of this project was to design, develop and support the Oracle databases 24/7 availability.  • Analyzing market and customer data in collaboration with business to design new database structure,  key and indexes  • DBA activities - datapump(expdp/impdp), Backup & Recovery, Dataguard, User management,  DBCA etc  • Security control on the database objects, Role identifications & privilege control on the database  objects  • Oracle networking (Configure Listener and TNS)  • Setting up test environments, data refresh from production environment  • Supporting system Version upgrades  • Hands on experience in Oracle Application DBA activities like Installation, AD Utilities, cloning,  FNDCPASS utility, adpatch, user management etc  • Storage management of databases - adding or re-sizing data file Education BACHELOR OF ENGINEERING in COMPUTER SCIENCE & ENGINEERING RAJIV GANDHI TECHNICAL UNIVERSITY - Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh August 2008 to June 2012 Skills DATABASE (4 years), ORACLE (1 year), SQL (3 years), UNIX (3 years), E-BUSINESS Additional Information KEY SKILLS  Database Management Systems: Oracle10g/11g, Oracle E-Business Suite 11i/R12 & Informix11.5/12.1  Operating Systems: UNIX, Windows  Tools: SQL, SQL*Plus, Data Pump(expdp/impdp), RMAN, DBCA, NETCA,  DBNEWID, TOAD, Winscp, Putty, Microsoft office, SQL-Loader.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1030.html#37:::SQL Database Administrator;SQL Database Administrator- Remote;SQL Database Administrator- Remote;Sql server;Sql server 2000;Sql;T-sql;DBA;Sql Dba;Windows Server 2008R2\2012, Active Directory and SQL Administration/development. SSMS. Redgate. Idera. Azure. Hardware/Software; SQL Server 2000/2005/2008/2012,2014/2016, SQL, T-SQL, WINDOWS 2012/2008R2/2003/XP/NT, UNIX SHELL scripting. MS office. (8 years):::SQL Database Administrator SQL <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> SQL Database Administrator - AGO GLOBAL CONSULTING Freemansburg, PA Work Experience SQL Database Administrator AGO GLOBAL CONSULTING - Columbia, MD October 2015 to Present Responsibilities:  • Create database tables and Views in both Production and Test environments.  • Create Clustered and non - clustered indexes on various database tables. Using T-SQL IN Creating Procedures and triggers.  • Basic NoSQL querying on Test environments  • Plan, install, build, manage, support, configure and test Database server infrastructure components and connectivity.  • Deploy new SQL Server environments in Production, QA and UAT environments.  • Maintain server security in compliance with Department of Defense (DoD) and supporting vendor requirements.  • Implement SQL server performance Tuning in both production and Test environments. Tuning slow queries, performing proactive monitoring.  • Installed and configured 4 node SQL Server 2014 Ent cluster between 2 data centers with Always-On Availability Groups configured for replication between data centers. Mirroring, Log Shipping.  • Manages multiple nodes of Clustered and Stand-alone SQL server 2014/2012/2008 R2  • Monitor and troubleshoot backups, scheduled jobs, and monitor systems and processes for performance related issues.  • Provides support in planned DR solution testing between multiple Data Centers  • Interface directly with end user'1s and other IT groups to ensure complete resolution of server issues reported through the Help Desk tracking system.  • Perform vulnerability and remediation for all SQL Server database server hosted across multiple data centers.  • Participates in meetings impacting databases physical architectural design.  • Apply Microsoft Security Patches.  • Utilized Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) and Integration Services (SSIS) platform (ETL) for extraction of data, transformation of data, and loading the data into destination/ data warehousing.  • Perform threat modeling, static application security testing, code reviews, and secure design reviews for high risk applications  • Participates in Scrum teams in support of Agile projects; end-to-end support for build, deployment, and operational activities. SQL Database Administrator- Remote InfoView Data Solution Inc - Highland, MD June 2013 to October 2015 Responsibilities:  • Implemented Procedures for performance optimization and development of MYSQL database applications.  • Develop Stored procedures, Functions and triggers for MYSQL database needs.  • Implement SQL server performance Tuning in both production and Test environments.  • Installing and configuring MS SQL Server 2005\2008R2 fail-over Cluster and its applicable Service Packs.  • Setup, configure, administer and maintained MYSQL Server databases (Prod, Stage, Test and Dev Environment) for various groups such as Developers, QA and DA users and ensured database availability in a 24X7 environment.  • Implement and manage MS SQL Cluster (Active/Passive & Active/Active), Multi Node Cluster up to 8 Node  • Upgrade SQL Server database environment from SQL Server 2000 -> 2005-> 2008->2012>2014  • Deployed SSIS projects. Schemas and configured Report Server to generate reports through SSRS.  • Scheduling and managing SQL Server database backup jobs.  • Extract, Transform and Load millions of clinical data into ETL database using SSIS.  • SQL Server jobs performance and impact on normal operations.  • Developing and implementing DBA maintenance plan  • Participated in meetings impacting databases physical architectural design.  • Assist web Application developers with database related issues  • Maintain Relational Database infrastructure, software, upgrades, and patches.  • Monitor and provide response for all database systems. SQL Database Administrator- Remote ISHGLO - One - Corp - Frederick, MD September 2012 to May 2013 Responsibilities:  • Create database tables and Views in both Production and Test environments.  • Develop Stored procedures using T-SQL, using T-SQL in creating triggers, Functions and triggers for database needs.  • Hardening Oracle environments per company database Security auditing recommendations.  • Apply CPU Patches to Oracle E-Business Suite Databases and Applications.  • Responsible for working with application developers, systems administrators and management to ensure that any new product usage or release upgrade takes place with minimal impact on test and production environments.  • Support and managed databases in High Availability environments.  • Migration of several databases (size 500GB -7.2TB) and Applications to new servers using RMAN.  • Evaluates new releases of Oracle and its tools, and third party products to ensure that the site is running the products that are most appropriate.  • J2EE application support and support  • Define Database Backup, Recovery and Disaster Recovery procedures using RMAN, flashback. Education BSC in Information Systems and Cyber Security United Methodist University Skills Sql server, Sql server 2000, Sql, T-sql, DBA, Sql Dba, Windows Server 2008R2\2012, Active Directory and SQL Administration/development. SSMS. Redgate. Idera. Azure. Hardware/Software; SQL Server 2000/2005/2008/2012,2014/2016, SQL, T-SQL, WINDOWS 2012/2008R2/2003/XP/NT, UNIX SHELL scripting. MS office. (8 years) Certifications/Licenses BSC Information Systems and Cyber Security. SQL SERVER 2008 R2/2012-Microsoft Corporation, SQL Server 2014, Microsoft Certified IT Professional- Database Administration(MCITP-SQL Server 2012R2). Software Application Specialist, January 5, 2006 480hrs of training., Certificate of Completion Communication Skills for the processing of Words., December 1, 2005 May 2010 to Present Technical Shkills; SQL SERVER 2008 R2/2012-Microsoft Corporation, SQL Server 2014, Microsoft Certified IT Professional- Database Administration(MCITP-SQL Server 2012R2)    Hardware/Software; Windows Server 2008R2\2012, Active Directory and SQL Administration/development. SSMS. Redgate. Idera. Azure. Hardware/Software; SQL Server 2000/2005/2008/2012,2014/2016, SQL, T-SQL, WINDOWS 2012/2008R2/2003/XP/NT, UNIX SHELL scripting. MS office.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1031.html#38:::Sr. Business Analyst;Sr. Business Analyst;Business Analyst;Business Analyst;Sr database administrator;Database administrator;Database;Ms sql server;Ms sql server 2008;Sql server;Sql server 2008;Oracle;Oracle 10g;Pl/sql;Sql;Jira;Itil;Maximo;Tivoli;Aix;Linux;Ux;Hp-ux;Hummingbird;Service desk:::Sr. Business Analyst Sr. Business Analyst Sr. Business Analyst - Wells Fargo, New Jersey Jersey City, NJ • Around 8 years of work experience in all aspects of Software Development lifecycle with specific emphasis in business analysis as part of Waterfall and Agile (Scrum) methodologies.  • Solid understanding in all phases of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) including requirements gathering, analysis, design, implementation, testing and deployment.  • Strong facilitation and project management skills to negotiate priorities, escalate and resolve conflicts among project stakeholders, coordinate with cross functional teams, and conduct status and checkpoint calls.  • Excellent verbal and written communication skills, strong analytical skills, desire and ability to research and formulate appropriate analytical technology and resolve complex problem situations and document results.  • Experience of working with Business Owners, Analysts, Product Managers, and technical teams to define requirements and identify dependencies across finance, auto and retail industries.  • Actively worked on metrics, Process improvements for cost saving, Risk Tracking, Coordination with other vendors, stream-lining the process between Onsite and Offshore and People Management.  • Experience in PL/ SQL & Oracle Database and Application support with expertise in handling database backup, health checks and supporting Web Applications in production environment for different technologies.  • Experience in IIS Web applications hosting ITSM applications, ASP.Net related applications  • Worked on debugging/load balancer tools like HTTP Analyzer, Windows Network load balancer  • Handled multiple activities as part of database support including Db upgrade, applying quarterly CPU patches, handling space issues in Oracle and MS- SQL databases, meeting the Service level Agreements as per business standards.  • Worked on monthly work status reporting and updating technology specific documentation.  • Experience in supporting applications hosted in shared infrastructure for different customers.  • Experience in production support in resolving major application issues related to ITSM (OTRS/ CA Service Desk) applications, IIS/ Apache web-based applications, standalone applications, and server capabilities.  • Expertise in in and out flow of chatbot tools like Bold chat and LogMeIn.  • Handled application issues in bold chad and worked on tool enhancements.  • Strong on working with Notifications, problem incidents, Change and incident management process.  • Creation of Standard Operating procedure & Best Practices documents as per Business standards.  • Got appreciation for developing a framework for server space optimization  • Got recognized from the higher management and from the customer for designing interactive screen using FWI tool.  • Thrives on responsibility and challenge and is committed to customer service excellence. Work Experience Sr. Business Analyst Wells Fargo, New Jersey November 2017 to Present Responsibilities  • Acted as a liaison between business stakeholders and software development team to gather requirements.  • Facilitated (JAD) Joint Application Development sessions to identify business rules and requirements and then documented them.  • Worked with business to analyze Trade transactions, Positions, Valuation, PNL Attribution, Accounting, Collateral etc. across asset classes in Listed/OTC derivatives and Cash products  • Worked on requirements for data sourcing and ingestion from Systems of Records to the Hadoop based data lake  • Created mapping and transformation design to meet the defined data model on the data lake  • Supported analysis of Data quality, Metadata and Data Governance requirements and integrated them with the overall system requirements  • Prepared functional test cases along with use cases for appropriate evaluation of the application that is being developed  • Analyzed the quality of data for further downstream usage by building framework for data quality checks  • Utilized technical expertise to manage multiple assignments, including large and critical projects to assure timely and cost-effect objectives delivery  • Scheduled and prioritized work and plan a sequence of development activities that accomplish the planned targets  • Assisted in the creation of project plans by interacting with the various stakeholders viz. IT and Business leads and prepared presentations for the group  • Simplified the existing processes by identifying the routine procedures / complex mechanisms and made these easier through automation and best practice sharing.  • Standardized the list of elements and their business description, by closely interacting with different functional teams.  • Conducted GAP Analysis for training purposes between existing application and proposed integration of new system.  • Assisted in building transformation logics for source to data mapping of business elements  • Prepared functional specification document (FSD) and data dictionary as part of documentation for downstream consumption.  • Assisted in QA through development of quality assurance artifacts and developed PL/SQL queries for testing, implementation and user acceptance testing.  • Conducted functional walk through with dev, QA and UAT teams to ensure smooth translation of requirements and minimal defects during SIT/UAT. Sr. Business Analyst Federal Mogul, Bold chat - Atlanta, GA November 2014 to December 2016 Responsibilities  • Identified, assessed, and documented business requirements, recommended business priorities and advised business on options, risks, and costs with various alternatives as part of building SQL Server based CRM application.  • Conducted requirement elaboration sessions and documented business requirements and business solutions.  • Worked closely with IT teams, Operations, vendors and other client departments to co-ordinate systems testing, application deployment, and training and support activities.  • Maintained Compliance tracker, roadmaps, dashboards and overall inventory.  • Actively tracked metrics during sprints and shared results with scrum team to measure progress and plan for upcoming projects.  • Developed use cases, workflows, screen mock-ups and conversion requirements.  • Interacted directly with stakeholders to identify and evaluate improvement opportunities and explained issues.  • Worked closely with the application development and design team to resolve technical issues and interacted with them to ensure overall quality of the project.  • Participated in design review meetings and translated the requirements to the developers and guided the team during issues with business requirements occur.  • Worked with the users to prioritize and schedule the enhancement requests with the business needs.  • Interacted with clients to discuss better UI features that can be provided through the application to the clients.  • Identified project resource needs, obtained necessary resources, defined project team roles, and ensured effective team dynamics.  • Worked with the testing resources and business owners to formulate test scenarios and user acceptance test cases.  • Having experience in supporting the application issues chatbots like bold chat and LogMeIn.  • Based on the customer requirements enhanced the changes to the chatbot, made sure the changes done accordingly and was responsible to deploy the files from Dev. to Prod. system. Business Analyst Chrysler - Detroit, MI February 2014 to October 2014 Responsibilities  • Collected requirements using interviews, document analysis, requirements workshops, business process descriptions, use cases, scenarios, business analysis and task / workflow analysis.  • Formulated business requirements, created / updated business requirement and functional design documents and assisted with implementation, and testing plans.  • Liaised between stakeholders, business units and technology teams  • Utilized agile methodology to complete sprints and tasks included in daily standup meetings / reporting.  • Created standard operating procedures (SOPs) and software specifications documents.  • Assisted operations manager for weekly reporting / related documentation as required.  • Worked with SME's and Users to elicit actual and underlying needs of the Business and System.  • Worked on delivery of documentation and presentations, participating in project teams and providing regular status reporting.  • Translated business requests and all subsequent change requests from the client/Users (processes, rules, requirements, acceptance criteria) into functional and Non-Functional requirement Documents.  • Facilitated analysis workshops with internal and external resources to draw out stated/Unstated details of business and product requirements  • Collaborated with functional users and IT staff to troubleshoot problems identified in testing, resolved issues during systems upgrades, translated requirements into UAT / functional test plans, and ensure proper testing of system functionality.  • Prepared workflow charts and diagrams to specify business processes supported by proprietary financial systems.  • Coordinated / delivered training for departmental end users and central users of system modules.  • Developed effective reporting tools to support business unit information requirements.  • Assisted and supported QA team in understanding and creating manual and automated test plans, testing efforts, root cause analysis.  • Assisted and supported Development team to understand the actual system requirements of the clients/Users.  • Maintained updated, accurate, and clear stories for the scrum teams to ensure Customer satisfaction and facilitated UAT.  • Continuously facilitated Meetings and Sessions to pinpoint the actual Requirement Specifications from the Clients and reach the session/teams to consensus.  • Performed Gap Analysis, created and maintained various BA artifacts. Business Analyst Dollar General - New York, NY June 2012 to December 2013 responsibilities  • Was accountable for the product/project releases on time through close collaboration with agile product development teams and the extended client organization  • Worked on building platform for data-informed decisions for the product and the business using retail analytics  • Conducted quantitative and qualitative analyses including customer behavior, retail trends  • Responsible for building SQL server-based ticketing application which was used for retail merchandise planning, demand forecasting, inventory management and product performance analysis  • Ensured that issues logged into defect and incident reporting and tracking tool (Team Foundation Server) are accurate, complete, and ensure there is no existing ticket on the same issue.  • Investigated new requests for work to determine high level business requirements and assess feasibility.  • Supported the creation of robust and compelling project proposals and business cases.  • Ability to interact effectively with non-technical, functional user community while being able to translate customer needs and business requirements into features and high-level functions.  • Supported the on-going development and implementation of business analysis and business solution design methods, tools and practices.  • Carried out analysis of impact, risks, technical dependencies and review/validate expected benefits.  • Worked as a connector and a facilitator for Test Team, Development, Production team and Clients.  • Updated the daily status and participates in the Daily and Weekly status meetings.  • Documented detailed Business Requirements Documents (BRD), Technical Requirement Specifications (TRS) and Functional Requirements Specification (FRS).  • Developed test plans, test cases and conducted User Acceptance Testing (UAT).  • Facilitated requirement gathering sessions with the business team to collect the business standards, security and service level requirements and studied the business process.  • Create and execute SQL queries to find clues on what may be causing the opportunity.  • Perform root cause analysis on production issues.  • Action upon ad hoc tasks requested by business partners to support day to day operations.  • Worked with SQL, functions to test the database integrity.  • Worked closely with the Dev team and assist them in producing a quality code.  • Assisted with risk assessment, mitigation and re-planning efforts when necessary. Sr database administrator Miller Coors, Irvin oil - New York, NY November 2011 to June 2012 Responsibilities  • Worked in a role which involved 24 X 7 Production Oracle database support and administration and on-call rotation.  • Involved in Installation, Configuration and Administration of Oracle 10g/11g RAC.  • Converted a single instance database to Oracle RAC.  • Performed backups and recoveries using RMAN/conventional hot & cold backups.  • Worked on Upgrade/Migration of databases from Oracle 9i/10g to Oracle 11g.  • Involved in Creating and refreshing materialized views.  • Used SQL* Loader and External Tables to Load data from flat files to database and implemented different Partition methodologies.  • Worked on taking periodic Backup of the Database and the software using RMAN and VERITAS Netback up.  • Monitored databases using OEM and worked on Oracle Database and Oracle Applications cloning/refresh.  • Participated in other database admin activities like applying RDBMS patches, security patches, proactive monitoring of databases and applications.  • Conducted multiple "dry runs" (test runs) to gather timings for production upgrades  • Worked on incident/problem and change management. Database administrator Avis Budget Car Rental - Houston, TX December 2010 to October 2011 Responsibilities  • Was responsible for daily production support of all databases.  • Analyzed and Resolved problem tickets as per the Service Level agreement lines.  • Created user accounts and assigned roles & privileges as per the requirement.  • Worked on reorg and rebuilding the indexes.  • Maintained scheduled backups of all the databases and re-running the backups if any failure.  • Worked on tablespace management and configuring the monitoring alerts for tablespace health check.  • Maintained 100% SLA and in resolving the incidents, done DPP and proactively handled archive space.  • Worked on Space issues, configurations and fixing all types of ORA-errors.  • Monitored scheduled jobs and resolved any failed/broken jobs.  • Generated/Prepared AWR, ADDM reports for performance analysis.  • Worked on data files movement from one drive to another drive, health checks - Identifying violations and giving business justifications.  • Developed overview documents on database installations. Education Bachelor of Technology in Technology Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Hyderabad 2009 Skills Database, Ms sql server, Ms sql server 2008, Sql server, Sql server 2008, Oracle, Oracle 10g, Pl/sql, Sql, Jira, Itil, Maximo, Tivoli, Aix, Linux, Ux, Hp-ux, Hummingbird, Service desk Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    Methodologies Agile, Waterfall, ITIL  Agile Tools JIRA  Database Oracle 10g/9i, PL/SQL, MS SQL Server 2008,2010  Third-party Tools Putty, VNC Viewer Hummingbird, Tivoli monitoring  Operating Systems IBM-AIX, HP-UX, Linux (4.0), Windows 2008  Chatting Tools Bold chat, LogMeIn Rescue  Interactive dashboard Tools Four Winds Interactive  Incident/ Change Tools IBM Maximo, ITSM (OTRS/CA Service Desk)
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1032.html#39:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle DBA;AIX;LINUX;SOLARIS;Oracle Dba;DBA:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator Woodbridge, VA I am an Oracle Database Administrator with over 6 years of experience, Working on Installing and configuring different Oracle versions like Oracle 12c, 11g and 10g, running on different platforms including Linux, HP-UIX and Unix. I have monitored and managed databases of varied sizes ranging from 40GB to 2TB across the SDLC. I have worked for Production support on performance tuning, backup and recovery, database security, data migration, managing/monitoring databases, database/schema refreshes, cloning, data Replication. I have done Project work on Patch/Upgrade Installation, configured a Physical Standby Data guard, 2 node RAC and Golden Gate for Oracle High Availability Solutions and attended seminars on Data warehouse and data modeling. I have also supported some applications like PeopleSoft HR, FN and CRM. I have also worked with ETL.    PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY    A.) Experience as 24x7 production support DBA working on:    ? Experienced in Performance Monitoring, Tuning and Troubleshooting where I tune the Network, OS, Instance, application and the database using tools such as TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN, Optimizer, ASH, AWR, ADDM, SQL Trace, SQL Access advisor(SAA), SQL tuning advisor(STA).    ? Experienced Doing User Managed backups (Hot/Cold), db. Recovery using RMAN, Logical Backups using data pump and RMAN db. cloning using multiple backup strategies like full db. backups, level 0 db. backups, level 1 db. backups, incremental differential db. backups, incremental cumulative db. backups and tuning backups to meet recovery needs. Knowledge of Database Recovery Techniques like performing recovery of full database, PIT recovery, critical and non-critical datafile recovery and implementation of those recovery techniques to ensure business continuity.    ? Implementing Advanced Database Security using auditing, Transparent Data Encryption (TDE), Data Redaction and data masking. Creating/managing profiles, users, granting and revoking roles and privileges.    ? Experienced with Data Migration of Oracle Databases across same and different platforms using DataPump, Export/Import, Transportable Tablespaces(TTS), RMAN Cloning and Schema Refreshes.    ? Managing/Monitoring databases using OEM, ORACLE GRID CONTROL, Multitenant Architecture, Data Pump, SRVCTL, RMAN, SQL*Loader, Export, Import, PL/SQL, SQL*Plus, SVRMGR, SQL*Net/Net8, Listener, AGENT Tuning using EXPLAIN PLAN, SQL Trace, AWR, ADDM, SGA tuning, Stats Pack and tuning of initialization parameters and Using custom scripts made by SQL developers.    B.) Experience with project work, working on:    ? Experience the application of database Patches and Upgrade from 10g to 11g to 12c using "uninstaller" and DBUA including testing and applying security Quarterly Patches for security and bug fixes using PSU, PS, OPATCH UTILITY.    1.) High Availability Solutions  ? Configuration and Implementation of Data Guard Physical / Logical Standby Database and Monitoring / Resolving on and off Gap or lagging issues.  ? Configuration and installation of Bi-directional GG on 11g/12c for Oracle databases to enable real-time data replication, integration and continuous data availability and synchronization across heterogeneous environments. Capture, Propagation, apply using Golden Gate and fixing issues such as extract, or replicate rebuild and abend.  ? Configuration and Installation of RAC for few instances to promote high availability, improved performance and scalability and on RAC systems did CRS upgrade, ASM upgrade, DB Upgrade and OEM Agent Upgrade. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Vectren - Evansville, IN August 2015 to June 2019 • Tuning of Oracle Databases for performance improvement using AWR, ADDM, ASH, Trace Analyzer and other OS related utilities like top, vmstat, iostat and also used Oracle Enterprise Manager(OEM) 12c to monitor single instance and RAC databases.  • Converting Standby database to Snapshot standby database for pre-go live activities  • Performed oracle Software's Installations, Creation of new standalone and clustered databases.  • Resolved RAC issues, OCR related issues, rebooting of faulty nodes, relocating the switched over services.  • Experience in Identifying performance bottlenecks on high volume transaction systems. Analyze SQL statements and design indexes to improve response of queries.  • Automated monitoring of Golden Gate process and heart beat monitoring.  • Provide support for Oracle RAC, including applying patches, performance tuning, Backup and recovery issues with RMAN, trace analysis, service creation for the apps to fail over, cluster and system management.  • Implemented Oracle TDE to provide transparent encryption of stored data to support submission efforts with release of Oracle 11g R2.  • Installed and Managing Oracle, 11gR2 3 nodes of cluster (RAC) on Solaris 11.  • Configured and Managing Oracle 11gR2 Data Guard (Active Physical Standby on 2 nodes RAC )  • Design and Maintaining Physical standby maintenance (Switch over - using Data Guard Broker).  • Installed and currently Managing Oracle 12c Grid Control (OEM) for monitoring Production, Active Data guard (DG Broker), Stage and Dev systems.  • Also worked on Network data encryption to improve the security and also implemented SSL wallet to secure the connections.  • Partitioned tables Maintenance, adding new partitions, exchanging one year old partitions then archiving of the exchanged partitions, dropping or truncating of old portions.  • Implemented 11g Interval Partitioning for monthly partitioning of large tables.  • Developed RMAN Backup strategies for cloning the test databases with the production environment and worked on RMAN active-active duplication.  • Experience with Logical backups EXPDP/IMPDP and extensively used for Re-hosting the application using Golden Gate and worked with conventional EXP/IMP for migrating data from 9i to 10G.  • Scheduled RMAN backups, purge jobs, Maintenance Jobs using DBMS_JOBS, DBMS_SCHEDULER, Crontab and $UNIVERSE.  • Performance monitoring and Database/Instance/RAC tuning using Dictionary views, AWR, Stats pack, ADDM, ASH reports, OEM Grid Control, Fine tuning of SGA/PGA parameters, initialization parameters and reorganized physical objects (tables & indexes) and table spaces at performance standpoint.  • Performance tuning - Tune SQL statements, I/O, Memory, latches etc. Worked extensively on SQL Profiler, Explain Plan and Stats Pack for tuning top wait events, high cost SQL's.  • Database structure changes, table/index sizing, SGA sizing, SQL, I/O and Application tuning, transaction monitoring, detecting lock contentions, tuning sort operations.  • Designed and implemented different backup strategies like Cold, Hot, RMAN with Flash Recovery Area and Logical Backups EXPDP/IMPDP.  • Handled Chained Rows and Row migration, and solved the database performance issues.  • Experienced with ASM, adding, deleting disks to the disk group.  • Supported development teams for all the database related issues and handled the critical issues like network failures and ASM DISK group errors and node failures in the RAC cluster.  • Generated Statspack/AWR reports using OEM 12C from Oracle 11g database and analyzed the reports for Oracle wait events, time consuming SQL queries, tablespace growth, database growth.  • Used Explain Plan, Oracle hints and creation of new indexes to improve the performance of SQL statements. Involved in SQL Query tuning and provided tuning recommendations to Application jobs, time/CPU consuming queries. Oracle DBA Admiral Insurance Company - Austin, TX November 2012 to September 2015 • The work involved overall Maintenance of Oracle Database, Backup, Recovery and other database related activities.  • Installed, configured and maintained Oracle 11g Real Application Cluster (RAC) / ASM on Redhat Enterprise Linux 5.x boxes.  • Implemented 11g Data Guard Physical using DG Broker, and experienced with 11gR2 Data Guard new features Active Data Guard and Snapshot Standby.  • Worked on Golden Gate 12c Replication configuration like unidirectional as well as bidirectional as per the requirement and addition of tables for the existing Golden Gate configuration.  • Performed Data Guard switchover/failover as per the requirements.  • SQL Queries/Application and Database performance monitoring and tuning using various tools like ADDM, AWR, Explain Plan and Statspack reports.  • Database Growth and Space management, capacity planning; distributing the tables, redo logs, archived redo logs and rollback segments on different disks to optimize data retrieval.  • Implemented Oracle TDE to provide transparent encryption of stored data to support submission efforts with release of Oracle 11g R2.  • Partitioned tables Maintenance, adding new partitions, exchanging one-year-old partitions then archiving of the exchanged partitions, dropping or truncating of old portions.  • Modified database structures including tablespace, tables, views, triggers, stored procedures as well as configuration and storage allocation to support application enhancement.  • General DBA daily jobs such as disk usage monitoring, table/index rebuild and reorganization as needed. Used import/export utilities for cloning/migration of small sized databases and Data pump  • Monitoring of database for growth and performance.  • Defined backup procedures using daily hot backups and weekly cold backup.  • Installed ASM environment and migrated databases from NON-ASM to ASM.  • Used TOAD for database management.  • Made optimal use of Oracle Support in resolving the SRs.  • Worked with latest 10g/11g features Data pump, Flash-Back Recovery, AWR, ASM, ADDM, Grid Monitoring, and Recycle Bin.  • Extensively used AWR, ADDM and explain plan for periodic performance tuning.  • Implementing Data pump, conventional export/import utility of Oracle 11g, 10g for re-organizing Databases/Schemas/Tables to improve the performance.  • Used import/export utilities for cloning/migration of small sized databases and Data pump import/export to move data between 9i and 10g/11g environments.  • Implemented proactive monitoring using Tuning Pack, Diagnostics Pack, and STATSPACK, SQL Trace & TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN.  • Management of table space growth, monitoring data files additions, extent growth.  • Constantly monitor the performance of the Databases and viewing Alert log files & Trace files.  • Using TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN for the Better performance.  • Ensuring proper online and offline backup. Periodical reading and checking of backups taken. Education Bachelor's Skills AIX, LINUX, SOLARIS, Oracle Dba, DBA
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1033.html#40:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle DBA;Aix;Linux;Solaris:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator Woodbridge, VA I am an Oracle Database Administrator with over 6 years of experience, Working on Installing and configuring different Oracle versions like Oracle 12c, 11g and 10g, running on different platforms including Linux, HP-UIX and Unix. I have monitored and managed databases of varied sizes ranging from 40GB to 2TB across the SDLC. I have worked for Production support on performance tuning, backup and recovery, database security, data migration, managing/monitoring databases, database/schema refreshes, cloning, data Replication. I have done Project work on Patch/Upgrade Installation, configured a Physical Standby Data guard, 2 node RAC and Golden Gate for Oracle High Availability Solutions and attended seminars on Data warehouse and data modeling. I have also supported some applications like PeopleSoft HR, FN and CRM. I have also worked with ETL.    PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY    A.) Experience as 24x7 production support DBA working on:    ? Experienced in Performance Monitoring, Tuning and Troubleshooting where I tune the Network, OS, Instance, application and the database using tools such as TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN, Optimizer, ASH, AWR, ADDM, SQL Trace, SQL Access advisor(SAA), SQL tuning advisor(STA).    ? Experienced Doing User Managed backups (Hot/Cold), db. Recovery using RMAN, Logical Backups using data pump and RMAN db. cloning using multiple backup strategies like full db. backups, level 0 db. backups, level 1 db. backups, incremental differential db. backups, incremental cumulative db. backups and tuning backups to meet recovery needs. Knowledge of Database Recovery Techniques like performing recovery of full database, PIT recovery, critical and non-critical datafile recovery and implementation of those recovery techniques to ensure business continuity.    ? Implementing Advanced Database Security using auditing, Transparent Data Encryption (TDE), Data Redaction and data masking. Creating/managing profiles, users, granting and revoking roles and privileges.    ? Experienced with Data Migration of Oracle Databases across same and different platforms using DataPump, Export/Import, Transportable Tablespaces(TTS), RMAN Cloning and Schema Refreshes.    ? Managing/Monitoring databases using OEM, ORACLE GRID CONTROL, Multitenant Architecture, Data Pump, SRVCTL, RMAN, SQL*Loader, Export, Import, PL/SQL, SQL*Plus, SVRMGR, SQL*Net/Net8, Listener, AGENT Tuning using EXPLAIN PLAN, SQL Trace, AWR, ADDM, SGA tuning, Stats Pack and tuning of initialization parameters and Using custom scripts made by SQL developers.    B.) Experience with project work, working on:    ? Experience the application of database Patches and Upgrade from 10g to 11g to 12c using "uninstaller" and DBUA including testing and applying security Quarterly Patches for security and bug fixes using PSU, PS, OPATCH UTILITY.    1.) High Availability Solutions  ? Configuration and Implementation of Data Guard Physical / Logical Standby Database and Monitoring / Resolving on and off Gap or lagging issues.  ? Configuration and installation of Bi-directional GG on 11g/12c for Oracle databases to enable real-time data replication, integration and continuous data availability and synchronization across heterogeneous environments. Capture, Propagation, apply using Golden Gate and fixing issues such as extract, or replicate rebuild and abend.  ? Configuration and Installation of RAC for few instances to promote high availability, improved performance and scalability and on RAC systems did CRS upgrade, ASM upgrade, DB Upgrade and OEM Agent Upgrade. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Vectren - Evansville, IN August 2015 to June 2019 • Tuning of Oracle Databases for performance improvement using AWR, ADDM, ASH, Trace Analyzer and other OS related utilities like top, vmstat, iostat and also used Oracle Enterprise Manager(OEM) 12c to monitor single instance and RAC databases.  • Converting Standby database to Snapshot standby database for pre-go live activities  • Performed oracle Software's Installations, Creation of new standalone and clustered databases.  • Resolved RAC issues, OCR related issues, rebooting of faulty nodes, relocating the switched over services.  • Experience in Identifying performance bottlenecks on high volume transaction systems. Analyze SQL statements and design indexes to improve response of queries.  • Automated monitoring of Golden Gate process and heart beat monitoring.  • Provide support for Oracle RAC, including applying patches, performance tuning, Backup and recovery issues with RMAN, trace analysis, service creation for the apps to fail over, cluster and system management.  • Implemented Oracle TDE to provide transparent encryption of stored data to support submission efforts with release of Oracle 11g R2.  • Installed and Managing Oracle, 11gR2 3 nodes of cluster (RAC) on Solaris 11.  • Configured and Managing Oracle 11gR2 Data Guard (Active Physical Standby on 2 nodes RAC )  • Design and Maintaining Physical standby maintenance (Switch over - using Data Guard Broker).  • Installed and currently Managing Oracle 12c Grid Control (OEM) for monitoring Production, Active Data guard (DG Broker), Stage and Dev systems.  • Also worked on Network data encryption to improve the security and also implemented SSL wallet to secure the connections.  • Partitioned tables Maintenance, adding new partitions, exchanging one year old partitions then archiving of the exchanged partitions, dropping or truncating of old portions.  • Implemented 11g Interval Partitioning for monthly partitioning of large tables.  • Developed RMAN Backup strategies for cloning the test databases with the production environment and worked on RMAN active-active duplication.  • Experience with Logical backups EXPDP/IMPDP and extensively used for Re-hosting the application using Golden Gate and worked with conventional EXP/IMP for migrating data from 9i to 10G.  • Scheduled RMAN backups, purge jobs, Maintenance Jobs using DBMS_JOBS, DBMS_SCHEDULER, Crontab and $UNIVERSE.  • Performance monitoring and Database/Instance/RAC tuning using Dictionary views, AWR, Stats pack, ADDM, ASH reports, OEM Grid Control, Fine tuning of SGA/PGA parameters, initialization parameters and reorganized physical objects (tables & indexes) and table spaces at performance standpoint.  • Performance tuning - Tune SQL statements, I/O, Memory, latches etc. Worked extensively on SQL Profiler, Explain Plan and Stats Pack for tuning top wait events, high cost SQL's.  • Database structure changes, table/index sizing, SGA sizing, SQL, I/O and Application tuning, transaction monitoring, detecting lock contentions, tuning sort operations.  • Designed and implemented different backup strategies like Cold, Hot, RMAN with Flash Recovery Area and Logical Backups EXPDP/IMPDP.  • Handled Chained Rows and Row migration, and solved the database performance issues.  • Experienced with ASM, adding, deleting disks to the disk group.  • Supported development teams for all the database related issues and handled the critical issues like network failures and ASM DISK group errors and node failures in the RAC cluster.  • Generated Statspack/AWR reports using OEM 12C from Oracle 11g database and analyzed the reports for Oracle wait events, time consuming SQL queries, tablespace growth, database growth.  • Used Explain Plan, Oracle hints and creation of new indexes to improve the performance of SQL statements. Involved in SQL Query tuning and provided tuning recommendations to Application jobs, time/CPU consuming queries. Oracle DBA Admiral Insurance Company - Austin, TX November 2012 to September 2015 • The work involved overall Maintenance of Oracle Database, Backup, Recovery and other database related activities.  • Installed, configured and maintained Oracle 11g Real Application Cluster (RAC) / ASM on Redhat Enterprise Linux 5.x boxes.  • Implemented 11g Data Guard Physical using DG Broker, and experienced with 11gR2 Data Guard new features Active Data Guard and Snapshot Standby.  • Worked on Golden Gate 12c Replication configuration like unidirectional as well as bidirectional as per the requirement and addition of tables for the existing Golden Gate configuration.  • Performed Data Guard switchover/failover as per the requirements.  • SQL Queries/Application and Database performance monitoring and tuning using various tools like ADDM, AWR, Explain Plan and Statspack reports.  • Database Growth and Space management, capacity planning; distributing the tables, redo logs, archived redo logs and rollback segments on different disks to optimize data retrieval.  • Implemented Oracle TDE to provide transparent encryption of stored data to support submission efforts with release of Oracle 11g R2.  • Partitioned tables Maintenance, adding new partitions, exchanging one-year-old partitions then archiving of the exchanged partitions, dropping or truncating of old portions.  • Modified database structures including tablespace, tables, views, triggers, stored procedures as well as configuration and storage allocation to support application enhancement.  • General DBA daily jobs such as disk usage monitoring, table/index rebuild and reorganization as needed. Used import/export utilities for cloning/migration of small sized databases and Data pump  • Monitoring of database for growth and performance.  • Defined backup procedures using daily hot backups and weekly cold backup.  • Installed ASM environment and migrated databases from NON-ASM to ASM.  • Used TOAD for database management.  • Made optimal use of Oracle Support in resolving the SRs.  • Worked with latest 10g/11g features Data pump, Flash-Back Recovery, AWR, ASM, ADDM, Grid Monitoring, and Recycle Bin.  • Extensively used AWR, ADDM and explain plan for periodic performance tuning.  • Implementing Data pump, conventional export/import utility of Oracle 11g, 10g for re-organizing Databases/Schemas/Tables to improve the performance.  • Used import/export utilities for cloning/migration of small sized databases and Data pump import/export to move data between 9i and 10g/11g environments.  • Implemented proactive monitoring using Tuning Pack, Diagnostics Pack, and STATSPACK, SQL Trace & TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN.  • Management of table space growth, monitoring data files additions, extent growth.  • Constantly monitor the performance of the Databases and viewing Alert log files & Trace files.  • Using TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN for the Better performance.  • Ensuring proper online and offline backup. Periodical reading and checking of backups taken. Education Bachelor's Skills Aix, Linux, Solaris
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1034.html#41:::SQL Server Database Administrator;SQL Server DBA;SQL Server Migration Assistant;SQL Database Administrator;Database;Database design;Ms sql server;Sql server;Sql server 2008;Sql;Etl;Disaster recovery;Information security;Ms sql server reporting services;Sql server reporting services;Ssrs;Visual studio;Reporting tools;Rdbms;Security;R2;System analysis;Problem solving;Performance analysis:::SQL Server Database Administrator SQL Server <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> SQL Server Database Administrator - Comcast Cable Hanover, MD Versatile and Resourceful Database Administrator (DBA) with a wealth of hands-on experience with in-depth knowledge of the entire spectrum of Microsoft SQL Server, looking to acquire more knowledge and share knowledge with my team and explore while growing in my career as an IT professional.  Extensive experience in designing, implementing, testing and supporting next-generation database solutions in Enterprise MS SQL Server environments including Windows Server 2012/2008 R2, SSMS, SSIS, and SSRS. Provides full life cycle of SQL Server database support across global enterprises. Creates high-level analyzed findings reports for management and clients specifically identifying database issues that leads to overall database health improvements. Proficient in technologies comprising MS SQL Server and Windows. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, ability to work collaboratively with other team members, juggle multiple priorities while enjoying sharing knowledge.  Always have a desire for self-development, continuous improvement and learning new things because no knowledge is lost. Work Experience SQL Server Database Administrator Comcast Cable - Baltimore, MD January 2017 to Present • Responsible for SQL Server Physical Database design, implementation, maintenance and capacity planning  • Using IDERA SQL Diagnostic Manager to quickly pinpoint and predict database issues before they happen, from query monitoring to transactional application monitoring, getting built in tuning advise and best practices and guidance to address problem issues.  • Installed SQL Server 2014 and 2016 on WindowsServer2012Enterprise Edition Environment as well as virtual machines.  • Linked Server configuration and troubleshooting.  • Database Backup, Backup Testing, retention policy and restore via network share drive.  • Initiated Database Migration from source server to destination server (our newly acquired SQL server 2017). Setup migration check list and migration plan for future migrations. SQL Server DBA Charter Communications - Charlotte, NC November 2013 to December 2016 • Performance tuning, maintaining and troubleshooting database problems  • New Server build and migration as part of Get-Well Project.  • Used Unattended Installation of SQL server for the installation of multiple SQL instances to save time.  • Backed up databases using Full, Differential and Transactional log backup methods.  • Restored Database from database backups and file backups. Experienced with Point-in-Time Recovery.  • Ran DBCC statements to check physical and logical consistency of the database and rebuild indexes.  • Performed and monitored Database Backup and other jobs in the maintenance plan Restoration and Point-in-Time Recovery.  • Monitored Server Activity, Error Log, space usage etc. during capacity planning, and solved problems as needed  • Maintained server level, database level and object level security best practices by creating logins and users, configuring permissions and assigning different roles to users.  • Experience with Active Directory.  • Configured database mirroring as part of the disaster recovery solution.  • Configured Database Mail and SQL Server Agent. Created operators and proxies.  • Created SQL Server Event, Maintenance Plans and Performance Condition Alerts.  • Schedules and automates maintenance plans using SQL Server job agent  • Performed database integrity checks using DBCC utilities and maintenance plan configuration wizard.  • Created, reorganized and Rebuilt indexes and constraints.  • Performed database migration and upgrade from SQL Server 2008 to 2012, 2014, 2016.  • Install and apply Service Packs (SP) as necessary. SQL Server Migration Assistant SSMA 2014 to 2016 • Upgraded data to a modern data platform using DMA ( Database Migration Assistant)  • Applied Patches and Service Packs to keep the databases and OS at current patch level  • Develops SQL Server Logins, Groups, Users and assigning roles and authentication modes as a part of Security Policies for Various Categories of User Support  • I use PowerShell scripting for my automation and deployment of services.  • Scheduled jobs to automate different database related activities including Backup, CPU usage, Monitor Database health, Disk space and Backup verification with my scripted performance tuning jobs that run every day as part of my performance tuning steps to optimization of the environment.  • Implemented troubleshooting of SQL Server performance issues using SQL Tools, execution plans, Trace, statistics, index tuning wizard, SQL profiler, DTA ( Database Tuning Advisor).  • Daily routine DBA tasks like handling user permissions and space issues on Production and Development Servers and handling maintenance Jobs  • Performance tuning by analyzing execution plans, creating and maintaining indexes (rebuild/reorganize), Statistics, partitions, Client/Server Connectivity and structure modification.  • Facilitated Data Migration to and from various sources using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS and SSMA)  • Assisted SQL developers to optimize SQL queries and Stored Procedures.  • Created, scheduled and monitored scripted SQL jobs, making sure jobs run successfully every night SQL Database Administrator 2014 to 2016 • Installed, configured, and administered MS SQL Server 2012, 2014, 2016 Integration Services (SSIS) and Reporting Services (SSRS).  • Developed a detailed designed document of the environment after stabilizing it.    SQL Database Administrator Cisco Systems - Lagos, NG March 2010 to September 2013 • Designed the backup and recovery strategies for SQL Server databases to meet SLA requirements.  • Managed and maintained production Microsoft SQL Server 2008R2 on which the databases are hosted  • Recommend and implement best practices for SQL architecture  • Conducted database optimization and allocation of database resources for optimum configuration and performance  • Implemented the methodologies and technologies that determine the flow of data within and between the various business systems and databases  • Responsible for the identification and resolution of information flow and content issues  • Monitored SQL servers and made necessary changes to optimize their performance  • Installed, upgraded and migrated SQL server as necessary  • Performed security checks on the databases and SQL servers  • Assisted in the maintenance of the SQL user accounts; i.e. creations, changes, deletions, etc.  • Assisted in providing a stable backup structure for the SQL databases and SQL servers  • Documented the SQL server configuration, connectivity, function, reboot requirements, etc.  • Assisted in troubleshooting to isolate and diagnose database and SQL server related problems Education Bachelor of Science in Economics University of Uyo 2012 Skills Database, Database design, Ms sql server, Sql server, Sql server 2008, Sql, Etl, Disaster recovery, Information security, Ms sql server reporting services, Sql server reporting services, Ssrs, Visual studio, Reporting tools, Rdbms, Security, R2, System analysis, Problem solving, Performance analysis Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  • RDBMS: MS SQL Server, MS-Access  • Performance Tools: SQL Profiler, System Monitor, Performance Monitor, Database Tuning Advisor, Index Tuning Wizard, Extended Events, IDERA SQL Diagnostic Manager, Database Performance Analyzer  • ETL Tools: SSMA, SSIS, Import and Export Wizard  • Reporting Tools: MS SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)  • Operating Systems: Windows Server 2008/2012, Windows 2008/2012  • Microsoft SQL Servers: SQL Server 2008/2008 R2, 2012, 2014, 2016  • Migration: Detailed Migration and Mitigation plans  • Documentation: Design Document of SQL Architectural design of the whole environment  • Cloud: Microsoft Azure Cloud, AWS  CORE COMPETENCIES  • Migration and Upgrades  • Security & Database Permissions  • Database Backup & restore  • Disaster Recovery  • Database Performance Tuning  • Database Monitoring  • Microsoft Azure cloud    • Performance Analysis  • Project Management  • Database Design  • System Analysis  • Always-On Technology  • Visual Studio  • AWS    • Troubleshooting  • Critical Thinking & Problem Solving  • Information Security Policies  • Process Improvement  • Meticulous Attention to Detail  • Capacity Planning
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1035.html#42:::Database Administrator;SENIOR QUALITY MONITOR;DATABASE;SQL SERVER;REPLICATION;SQL;CLUSTERING;MYSQL;Sql Dba:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator - Service Source Inc Alexandria, VA COMMITMENT | LEADERSHIP | INTEGRITY    Database Administrator with more than 3 years experience designing, implementing and maintaining SQL Server solutions in an Enterprise environment. A detail-oriented, reliable, responsible and self-motivated team player Work Experience Database Administrator Service Source Inc - Oakton, VA December 2017 to Present Security Clearance:  Interim TS    • Configuring and monitoring AlwaysOn availability groups  • Setting up and monitoring database mirroring  • Migration of on premises databases to Azure  • Identifying and fixing slow running queries  • Working with developers, support and QA team to maintain all database environment.  • Database administration activities including; installation, configuration, capacity planning and space management.  • Recovery of databases from backups, implementing Point-in-Time Recovery solutions.  • Troubleshooting production issues.  • Upgrading database (in place and side by side).  • Setting up and monitoring Replication (transactional, snapshot, and merge).  • Migrated SSIS packages from SQL Server 2008 R2 to SSIS 2012.  • Scheduling Maintenance jobs and backup.  • Perform Technical analysis and troubleshooting on complex database problems. SENIOR QUALITY MONITOR GDIT - Alexandria, VA July 2012 to December 2017 • Collaborate with internal and external leadership to provide actionable data as needed.  • Oversaw quality plan for service center and recommended improvements.  • Provide quality feedback to team leaders to help facilitate quality improvement.  • Collaborate with internal and external leadership to provide actionable data as needed.  • Prepare and analyze reports to properly reflect outcomes and improve upon response.  • Plans, conducts, coordinates and implements a comprehensive training program for staff. Training components will be geared toward new hires, existing staff and individuals who seek one-on-one assistance. Education Associate of Arts in Early Childhood Development in Education and Certificates Northern Virginia Community College - Alexandria, VA Skills DATABASE, SQL SERVER, REPLICATION, SQL, CLUSTERING, MYSQL, Sql Dba Additional Information AREAS OF EXPERTISE  * Database Security  * Replication  * Database Maintenance  * Always on availability groups  * Indexing    * Database upgrades  * Performance tuning  * SQL server Administration  * Expertise in T- SQL    * Failover Clustering  * Database monitoring tools and application support  * Troubleshooting capabilities  * Configurations
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1036.html#43:::SQL Server DBA;SQL Server DBA;SQL Server DBA;Database Administrator;Database Administrator;DATABASE (7 years);SQL SERVER (7 years);SQL SERVER 2005 (5 years);SQL (7 years);SSRS (5 years):::SQL Server DBA SQL Server DBA SQL Server DBA - Aureus Tech Systems, LLC Temple, TX • 8+ years of experience in SQL Server 2016/20142012/2008R2/2008/2005 with strong expertise in SQL Server development, designing Stored Procedures/Transact-SQL coding, SSIS/SSRS/SSAS, OLTP and OLAP.  • Involved in Migrating from SQL Server 2000 to SQL Server 2005 and SQL Server 2005 to 2008 and SQL Server 2008 to SQL Server 2012.  • Experienced in installing and configuring SQL Server 2005/2008/2008R2/2012/2014.  • Production, Staging, UAT, Testing and Development server's maintenance related to financial,manufacturing and health care domain.  • Extensively worked in Data Migration between Homogeneous & Heterogeneous Systems using various tools (SQL Server Upgrade Advisor, DTS Package Migration Wizard, Import Export Data, DTS Packages, Bulk Insert, BCP and SSIS).  • Configured\Monitored\Supported and Troubleshooting of Database Mirroring and Log Shipping for multiple databases on Geo-graphically separated cluster environments to provide High Availability and Disaster Recovery. Support and troubleshooting for Transactional replication and Merge.  • Expertise Experience in Query Optimization, Database Consistency Checks using DBCC Utilities, and Linked Servers and analyzing the execution plans.  • Good Experience with Performance tuning, DMV'S, DMF'S, analyzing Locks, Dead Locks and Handling the Isolation Level and Concurrency Effects  • Experience in high availability SQL Server solutions with SQL Server 2012 Always ON availability groups, Replication, Database Snapshot, Log shipping, and Database Mirroring.  • Experience in automating the system by using Notification service and creating alerts, jobs and maintenance plans.  • Hands on Experience in Installing, Configuring, Managing, Monitoring, Migrating and Troubleshooting SQL Server versions.  • Proficient with SQL Server tools, including Enterprise Manager, Management Studio, Query Analyzer, SQL Server Profiler, SQL Server Agent, DTA and Business Intelligent Studio.  • Hands on experience on high availability SQL Server solutions, including SQL Server Log shipping, SQL Server clustering and mirroring using Different modes.  • Planning and assistance for creating Maintenance plans, Auditing plans and Backup/recovery plans.  • Hands-on working experience with Analyzing query plans, using extended Stored Procedures, managing indexes and locks, troubleshooting deadlocks.  • Experience in implementing High availability SQL Server solutions, including Replication Models (Snapshot/Transactional) and Implementing SQL Server clustering (Active-Active, Active-Passive), (Multi Node Cluster).  • Experience in maintenance jobs to perform Full, Differential and Transaction Log backups using Simple, Bulk-logged and Full Recovery Model experienced with Database Backup, Recovery solutions.  • Expert in analysis and resolution of performance bottlenecks involving CPU, I/O and memory usage.  • Expert level skills in creating objects like Tables, Views, Normalization, Indexes, Stored Procedures, Cursors, Triggers and other SQL joins and query writing using T- SQL statements.  • Extensively involved in installation of MS SQL. Involved in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).  • Expertise in Database Administration on Production Servers with server configuration, Performance Tuning and maintenance with outstanding troubleshooting capabilities  • Experience in Database designing, RDBMS, and Normalization/De-normalization  • Experience in Index Maintenance, Index tuning, Rebuild & Reorganizing according to Index fragmentation, running DBCC checks and Update Statistics to check Data Integrity  • Extensively used tools like SQL Profiler, Index Tuning Wizard, and Windows Performance Monitor for monitoring and tuning MS SQL Server performance  • Extensively worked on Active-Active and Active-Passive Clustering  • Experience in SQL Server 2008 new features like Policy Based Management, CDC, Data Compression, Resource Governor, Performance Data Collector and Transparent Data Encryption (TDE)  • Experience in working with system administrators for creating/modifying/user/group accounts in Windows Active Directory to authenticate SQL server users through domain group/user accounts.  • Excellent verbal and written communication skills combined with interpersonal and conflict resolution skills and possess strong analytical skills. Provide 24x7 on-call production support in case it requires. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience SQL Server DBA Aureus Tech Systems, LLC - Denver, CO January 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Configuration and support of TFS, Windows Native Clustering and SQL Clustering and SQL Always ON technology  • Implemented and troubleshoot Microsoft SQL Server 2012, SQL Server 2014.  • Implemented and troubleshoot MS Azure Database, SQL PDW (Analytic Platform System).  • Created Solutions diagrams for corporate ERP systems within (Health, Financial, and Government environments)  • Created/Modified PerfMon counters to track/find issues within Windows Server 2012/SQL using the Server App Tools or Packages Select to process.  • Worked with application groups and peers to determine implantation details for enhancements, and applications  • Implemented and maintained Database as a Disaster Recovery Solution.  • Worked within TSQL, store procedures, packages and functions  • Service Now with lifecycle runbook documentation.  • Daily support, troubleshooting, monitoring, optimization and tuning of SQL server environments across entire system. Managed SSAS cubes and supported full, incremental load process.  • Involved in Change Control Management is the discipline of systematically identifying and controlling change requests to a project from both internal and external sources.  • Successfully migrate and upgrade SQL 2008 databases to SQL 2014/2016 and SQL 2008R2 databases to SQL 2014/2016.  • Setup and configure Database mirroring and Log shipping in High Performance, High availability mode as standard DR strategy.  • Provide our development team a list of the most resource-intensive queries and suggest ways to improve performance.  • Write, test and maintaining T-SQL and stored procedures.  • Design indexes for existing applications, choosing when to add or remove indexes.Rebuilding / monitoring the indexes at regular intervals for better performance.  • Document the company's database environment.  • Participate in planning, design, Implementation and testing of new and changing database configuration.  • Provides mentoring and support to all database teams and developers.  • Tracks emerging technologies; evaluating their applicability to business goals and operational requirements  • Researches and understands new and emerging technologies and recommends and develops solutions in conjunction with other technical leaders.  • Design database solutions to satisfy application (business and technical) requirements  • Implement database solutions using available database development tools ,AWS Cloud  • Lead database compliance effort in accordance with 21 CFR 11 and participate with internal and external audits resulting in fulfillment of VDA requirements.  • Configure and maintain transactional replications.  • Design and deploy SSIS packages to implement business logics and deploy SSRS reports and SSAS cubes in production environment.  • Performed daily tasks including backup and restore by using SQL Server 2005 tools like SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Server Profiler, SQL Server Agent, and Database Engine Tuning Advisor  • Implementation of SQL Logins, Roles and Authentication Modes as a part of Security Policies for various categories of users  • GIS Primary objective of the project is to provide 24/7 production database support and manage all the databases of Retail Broadband DB running on MS SQL Server , DB2 Sybase, Oracle & MySQL  • Design, maintain and build conceptual, logical and physical database models. Database architecture and creation, optimization, deriving conversion and migration methods for existing data, and developing automated conversion and migration methods.  • Install and configure SSRS, SSIS and SSAS services.  • Automated daily database refreshes from production to staging and on-demand refreshes from production to test environments.  • Troubleshooting and resolving database integrity issues, performance issues, blocking and deadlocking issues, replication issues, log issues, connectivity issues.    Environment: SQL Server 2008-R2/2012/2014/2016, Clustered, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, TDP, LiteSpeed, Spotlight, Visual TRUVIEW SQL Server DBA Aureus Group - Omaha, NE March 2016 to December 2017 Responsibilities:  • Performing database upgrades, servers performance tuning and query optimization.  • Upgrading 20+ SQL 2000 servers to SQL 2005 servers.  • Writing stored procedures, triggers, various transact-SQL scripts and setting up replications.  • Working closely with the Development and Customer Support Departments in resolving issues.  • Writing stored procedures, triggers, and other scripts.  • Responsible for server performance optimization and tuning, building indexes, DBCC.  • Performing database backups and restores.  • Transferring database objects from stage server to live server using DTS.  • Brought all in-scope production environments into compliance with SOX regulations.  • Liaison between auditors and the Enterprise Operations Center, maintaining a perfect history of passing audits.  • Migrating database from Microsoft Access to SQL Server and worked with application team in integrating Access forms with SQL Server. Monitoring and resolving the tickets for development and testing boxes.  • Designed SSIS packages to retrieve system configurations from all the servers and loaded them in staging tables.  • Create stored procedures to be run as regular SQL Server jobs for cleaning the violations.  • Created SQL Server Agent Jobs to automate tasks such as to run Index Maintenance, Index defrag, Rebuild, Update Statistics etc. (DBCC). Also, created jobs to backup databases.  • Performed Root cause analysis to track down problems and used SQL profiler for troubleshooting.  • Recommend R&D Developers on proper coding techniques to avoid Timeout errors and Deadlock issues.  • Recommend, create and implement processes for clients to resolve performance issues and data integrity issues. Modified and optimized complex queries for data retrieval and modification.  • Presented with an award from the Director of IT for demonstrating to auditors that every user account with the capability of altering production data was SOX compliant under the new access control process.  • Recognized by the Senior IT Director for leading the team which rescued the company's current cloud project schedule.    Aureus Group,Omaha, NE Mar 2016 - Dec 2017  SQL Server DBA    Responsibilities:  • Formatted the reports according to the requirements using T-SQL scripts.  • SQL Server versions 2005/2008/2012  • Knowledge of Windows Server 2008 and 2012  • Configuration and support of Windows Native Clustering and SQL Clustering and SQL Always ON technology  • Wrote, maintained, and monitored appropriate SQL Jobs and ETLs as needed to transform and load data feeds from and to vendors and clients.  • Implemented and troubleshoot Microsoft SQL Server 2012, SQL Server 2014.  • Implemented and troubleshoot MS Azure Database, SQL PDW (Analytic Platform System).  • Created Solutions diagrams for corporate ERP systems within (Health, Financial, and Government environments)  • Created/Modified PerfMon counters to track/find issues within Windows Server 2012/SQL using the Server App Tools or Packages Select to process.  • Knowledge of backup technologies (Avamar, SQL Native backups, Idera SQLSafe)  • Worked with application groups and peers to determine implantation details for enhancements, and applications  • Worked within TSQL, store procedures, packages and functions  • Service Now with lifecycle runbook documentation.  • Installed and maintained SQL Server databases, including: ensuring successful backups, resolving system issues, opening cases with technical support to resolve issues, monitoring success and failure of automated jobs, monitor system availability, updating system documentation, system and database recovery, etc.  • Updated database by reviewing, planning, testing, installing database security patches and service packs with PowerShell Scripting.  • Designed, documented, and promoted security "best practices", policies, standards and protocols.  • Worked in Active/Active, Active / Passive Cluster environment as a High availability solution  • Data Warehousing Design and Support  • Created PerfMon counters to find issues within Windows Server 2012 Server App Tools or Packages Select to process.  • Service Now with lifecycle runbook documentation experience.  • Automated the re-baselining of DBs in the non-Production environments, with PowerShell Scripting with  • PowerShell Scripting  • Tested applications for performance, data integrity and validation issues  • Database Backup Procedures, Restoration Procedures, and Disaster Recovery procedures  • With Data Warehousing Design and Support  • Monitored database usage and performance and plan/ implement improvements as needed  • Service Now with lifecycle documentation.    Environment: MS SQL Server 2008/2005, Oracle, DB2, Windows 2000/2003 servers, MS Access, DTS, SSIS, Visio, LiteSpeed, Performance monitor, Query Analyzer, Enterprise Manager.    Aureus Group,Omaha, NE Mar 2016 - Dec 2017  SQL Server DBA    Responsibilities:  • Formatted the reports according to the requirements using T-SQL scripts.  • Used DBArtisan to conduct a majority of the daily database administrative tasks.  • Create joins and sub-queries for complex queries involving multiple tables.  • Writing Transact-SQL Query (DDL-Data definition language and DML-Data manipulation language), involving sub queries and joins and experienced in configuring linked servers to access heterogeneous databases.  • Projects support DBA for SQL Server Design &Build for New applications (In-house and Vendor) and Migrations (Till GO Live) as per enterprise baseline and DRAs.  • Design Database backup and Archival solutions using Netapp, Veritas NetBackup and EMC Avamar.  • Implemented High availability and Disaster recovery solutions.  • Produced comprehensive documentation of critical systems for the first time, which enabled the organization to understand and address vulnerabilities as well as enabling more effective strategic planning and scalability.  • Developed automated alerts to cover aspects of the system not monitored by the standard set of tools.  • Provisioning SQL servers in cloud environment and Bare metals.  • Designed SQL wrappers for Implementing Database Security, Automated DB Refreshes, DB and Windows User audit logging. Implemented automations using PowerShell.  • Worked closely with development teams for performance improvements, code reviews and provided inputs in terms of index optimization, partitioning, CLR routines, data changes, file layouts etc.  • Managed and Administrated the SQL Server 2008/2005/2000 production and Non-production servers.  • Designed a report on the monitoring of SQL Server Performance. This report gives a detail report to the management on the Performance of the server  • Worked with SQL Server 2005 side by side upgrade from SQL server 2000.  • Installed couple of SQL Server 2005/2008 on cluster environment  • Created Documentation for steps need to be taken while upgrading the SQL server 2000 to SQL server 2005  • Implemented the new SQL Server 2005 concepts like Data partitioning, Snap shot isolation, database mirroring, database snapshot, DDL triggers, try-cache blocks, online indexing, DMV's, DMF's, Mail Setup, Jobs, and Alerts, DTA,SQLCMD and dedicated admin connection  • Responsible for the planning, installation, configuration, maintenance and production monitoring of database instances. It's a SME ( database) role  • Performed end-to-end architecture and implementation strategy for RAC, GRID with ASM, DG, data Replication, upgrade/migration, patching and transformation. Oracle middle tier fusion and web-logic configuration as well.  • Configured and standardized the database access and roles for compliance and regulations.  • Responsible for Architect the enterprise database road-map and achieving the shared vision of the technology leadership group and the organization goals.  • Addressing the technical aspects of database business needs by recommending off-the-shelf and/or custom, in-house solutions. Off-the-shelf solutions will be researched, reviewed, and tested to conform and integrate to the environment  • Migrating the database to AWS as per the company roadmap.  • Meet with business stakeholders and other technical team members to gather and analyze application requirements.  • When performance issues arise, determine the most effective way to increase performance including hardware purchases, server configuration changes, or index/query changes.    Environment: SQL Server 2008/R2/2005, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS SQL Server DBA Citadel Information Services Inc - Iselin, NJ July 2014 to February 2016 Responsibilities:  • Participated in quarterly meetings with Senior Management to discuss technical infrastructure and market recommendations assisting in the formation of the technology roadmap.  • Troubleshooting production server performance issues, performance tuning and optimization and proactively monitoring using IDERA SQLDm and ScaleArc.  • Implementing and maintaining disaster recovery servers using Always On Availability Group, and SQL transactional replications. Provide written status reports to management regarding project status, task, and issues/risks  • Develops, implements and manages the employer's enterprise database technology road-map to include:  • Building backup repository server, performing encrypted backups and restores using IDERA SQLSafe.  • Upgrading SQL 2012 servers to SQL 2016, migrating databases to AWS, migrating SSRS servers.  • Managed and administrated database and database applications 24x7 that include Oracle 10g /11g/9i Databases, Siebel and Cognos application databases, Micro focus Cobol, RAC (real application cluster) clustering server, OEM Grid, High Availability, Data Guard, Web service applications (WebSphere and WebLogic) and IBM Rational products. Implemented and tested the point in time recovery of the production databases. SAP Hana migration  • Used DBArtisan to conduct a majority of the daily database administrative tasks.  • Create joins and sub-queries for complex queries involving multiple tables.  • Writing Transact-SQL Query (DDL-Data definition language and DML-Data manipulation language), involving sub queries and joins and experienced in configuring linked servers to access heterogeneous databases.  • Projects support DBA for SQL Server Design &Build for New applications (In-house and Vendor) and Migrations (Till GO Live) as per enterprise baseline and DRAs.  • Design Database backup and Archival solutions using Netapp, Veritas NetBackup and EMC Avamar.  • Implemented High availability and Disaster recovery solutions.  • Writing various scripts for server maintenance, monitoring, and data archives.  • Building and administering 220 SQL 7.0, SQL 2000, SQL 2005 production servers, and 35 backup servers on DELL 4600/6600, HP Proliant 380/385/530/570. Database Administrator NETE - Rockville, MD January 2013 to June 2014 Responsibilities:  • Applied Patches and Service packs to update different versions of MS SQL Server in Clustered and standalone environments. Created linked servers between SQL Server 2005 and 2008, 2008R2, 2012, 2014, 2016. Clear, Fix &resolve Database Vulnerabilities Reported by Enterprise Security Manager (ESM).  • Implemented Database Cloning using Netapp snap manager for databases more than of sizes 5-10 TB.  • Monitoring database performance, identifying bottlenecks, and proposing ways to optimize performance on the production server  • Working with development teams to incorporate database changes required for release rollouts.  • Responsible for integrating data into a centralized database with dynamic design and user-friendly web application, to keep track of Direct Bill Payments and Commissions from various Clients across the nation.  • Involved in Data Center Migration project for moving databases across the location which includes around 500 servers with SQL Server 2008 to SQL Server 2012, 2014, & 2016.  • Worked closely with Microsoft to make sure the recurring corruption issues are fixed in our Database environment. Installation and managing SQL Server 2016, 2014, 2012, 2008R2, 2008 on different environments.  • Upgraded to SQL Server 2012 and guiding the development and application team to fully utilize SQL Server 2012 enhancements. Implemented backup strategy for the new data center environment.  • Planning and Implementation of Data archiving strategies using OPTIM for the data life cycle management and data retention procedures.  • Moved/Copied of Databases from one server to another server using Backup-restore, Attach and detach methods and refreshing databases in development, QA and stage environments using production backup. Implemented Always ON, Transactional replication, DB Mirroring, Log shipping using SQL Server 2014/2012.  • Implemented wrappers for Smart Re-indexing features for DB maintenance Routines.  • Implementing Database audits based on risk levels and Security as per enterprise compliance.  • Built SQL Servers in Stand Alone and cluster Environments (Virtual & Bare Metal).  • Implemented Upgradations and Migrations from SQL 2008 to 2014which includes SSAS, SSIS and SSRS.  • Automated Data refreshes from Data Domain and NetBackup media servers using Command line scripts for 3rd party Plugin Backups based on retention requirements.  • Maintenance of existing trading instruments, and managing updates to their underlying data  • Implemented Replication Models, i.e., Snapshot and Transactional  • Manage and resolve trouble tickets for database related issues submitted by customer.  • Provide 24 X 7 supports for SQL Servers on-call responsibilities.  • Tested and installed SQL Server 2008.  • Migrate DTS packages from SQL Server 2000 to SQL Server 2008 Integration Services (SSIS).  • Database optimization, performance monitoring and index tuning.  • Creating jobs and alerts for monthly and weekly maintenance.  • Worked with SQL Server 2008 Management Studio (SSMS) to develop deploy and troubleshoot databases.  • Data migration from other data storage like Oracle and DB2 using SSIS.  • Migrated SQL Server 2000 to SQL Server 2005, SQL Server 2008 and SQL Server 2008 R2.  • Implement Log shipping between production and DR servers.  • Tested and implemented Database Mirroring solution for Production critical application.  • Ensure that SQL Server databases are updated accurately and regularly.  • Implemented transactional replication for populating reporting database.    Environment: SQL Server 2005/2008/2012/2014, Clustered, VMware, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, Spotlight, SCOM, CyberArk, Arcsight Database Administrator Karsun Solutions LLC - Herndon, VA July 2009 to May 2011 Responsibilities:  • Installed and administered clustered and virtual SQL server 2014/2012/2008 and 2005.  • Installed Service Packs/Hot fixes and created documentation for tracking and SQL server installation purposes.  • Created, administered & maintained SQL Server Databases on Production, Test and Staging for various groups and ensured the availability of the database Servers.  • Patch updates in Standalone and Cluster Environments.  • Physical database designing & creation devising strategies for Backups, Recovery, DR-Failover & Query-tuning.  • Implementation of SQL Logins, Roles and Authentication Modes as a part of Security Policies for various categories of users.  • Involve in creating Schemas, Tables, Clustered and Non-Clustered Indexes, Views,functions and Stored Procedures.  • Used SQL Server 2012/2014/2016 Database Development and Administration.  • Installing, Configuring, Managing, Monitoring, Troubleshooting, Upgrading and Migrating SQL Server 2014/2012/2008/2008R2/2005 on standby environments.  • Installed latest service packs, applied hot fixes and cumulative updates.  • Migrated servers from 2005 to 2012 and 2008 to 2012 with In-place and Side-by-Side Processes.  • Involved in requirement gathering and interact directly with stake holders and business teams in coordinating the business needs.  • Implemented and maintained high availability systems (clustering, database mirroring, log shipping).  • Install, configure and administer SQL Server 2005/2008- R2/2012/2014 on clustered and VMware environment.  • Monitor jobs execution, and make correction actions when necessary.  • Deployment, configuration, troubleshooting and debugging of the application environments.  • Refreshed databases for Pre/Post Deployments and Data Loads activities.  • Work with EMC, Microsoft on multiple cases and fix the Database issues.  • Administered SQL Server/ Database level Security and utilized Auditing and Data Encryption (TDE) according to requirements and Integrity with HIPAA requirements.  • Created logins and database users, roles and provided permissions to users and roles according to the requirement and security policy.  • Implemented Data Masking and Database Security Hardening.  • Scheduled jobs and monitored and troubleshooting them. Task automation using power shell script and SQL agents.  • Created DDL triggers for auditing any DDL change.  • Created various jobs to monitor resources on various servers and to mail the necessary information when threshold was reached.  • Implemented and tested the point in time recovery of the production databases.  • Design/ developing SSIS (ETL) MDX developing components.  • Involved in migrating share point from one server to the other.  • Involved in migrating share point from one server to the other.  • Write, test and maintaining T-SQL and stored procedures as they relate to DBA support.  • Performed data partitioning for efficient management of database tables and indexes.  • Evaluated CPU, Disk I/O and Memory related bottlenecks using Performance Monitor and improve the SQL server performance.  • Fine tune slow running T-SQL queries using Execution Plan and Database engine tuning advisor.  • Worked with the application team on the planning, testing and implementing production database software upgrade cycles.    Environment: SQL Server 2005/2008/2012, Clustered, VMware, SSIS, SSAS, SSRA, Tivoli, NetBackup Education Bachelor's Skills DATABASE (7 years), SQL SERVER (7 years), SQL SERVER 2005 (5 years), SQL (7 years), SSRS (5 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL EXPERTISE:    Programming Languages C, BS, SQL, TSQL  RDBMS MS-SQL Server 2005/2008/2008R2/2012/2014, Microsoft Access.  ETL Tools SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) 2005/2008/2008R2/2012, DTS.  OLAP Tools SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) 2005/2008/2008R2/2012.  Reporting Tools SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) 2005/2008, Crystal Reports.  Database Tools  SQL Server Management Studio(SSMS), SQL Server Business Intelligence Studio(BIDS), Enterprise Manager, SQL Profiler, Query Analyzer.    Operating Systems Windows Server 2003/2008/2008R2/2012, Linux, Unix.  Performance Tools Spotlight, Foglight, Idera, Tivoli, SCOM, Erwin  Backup tools Idera, Litespeed, Native Backup, RedGate.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1037.html#44:::Business Intelligence Database Administrator;databases (Less than 1 year);HTML (Less than 1 year);Informatica (Less than 1 year);Linux (Less than 1 year);MS SQL SERVER (Less than 1 year);DBA;Oracle Database;Sql Server;Sql Database:::Business Intelligence Database Administrator Business Intelligence <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Business Intelligence Database Administrator - American Family Insurance Waterloo, WI Work Experience Business Intelligence Database Administrator American Family Insurance - Madison, WI June 2014 to Present . In my current role we are tasked with implementing mission critical custom applications into the data warehouse and provide leadership into the logical and physical design of these custom applications. I also serve as not only the database administrator on these projects, but also as the point person that manages the various relationships with various teams to successful implement these objectives throughout the SDLC. In this role, we support infrastructure and development teams along with end users and business contacts.      A highlight of my career thus far is the creation of a writeback environment in our Greenplum environment that allows data scientists and data analysts to “writeback” to the production environment. In this, they are able to bring their own data and join it to data at rest in the production warehouse. I have created a tool for these people to perform advanced analytics on the fly on production data. Examples of things being done in this environment include geospatial analytics, text analytics, decision trees and time series analysis. This is my vision of data warehouses in the future, not the old reliable canned reporting, but real-time, decision quality analytics that are produced in an agile atmosphere. Education Master of Library and Information Science in Library and Information Science University of Wisconsin - Milwaukee, WI May 2017 Bachelor of Science in Information Science and Technology University of Wisconsin - Milwaukee, WI May 2014 Bachelor of Arts in History University of Wisconsin - Whitewater, WI August 2008 Skills databases (Less than 1 year), HTML (Less than 1 year), Informatica (Less than 1 year), Linux (Less than 1 year), MS SQL SERVER (Less than 1 year), DBA, Oracle Database, Sql Server, Sql Database Additional Information Technical Skills    Databases: Oracle 11g/12c, MySQL, Greenplum, SQL Server    Operating Systems: Windows, Linux  Languages: SQL, HTML, PHP, XML  Associated Tools: Attunity, Informatica, Oracle Golden Gate, GPText, MadLIB, PostGIS
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1038.html#45:::COOK;COOK;DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR;AIRFRAME MECHANIC;Microsoft office (3 years):::COOK COOK COOK - SOUTHERN HILLS COUNTRY CLUB Tulsa, OK To gain an opportunity in field that allows for growth and advancement. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience COOK SOUTHERN HILLS COUNTRY CLUB March 2015 to Present Help to prepare and cook food that members order while maintaining food and health regulations. Assist in the training of new employees as needed. COOK REASORS February 2013 to March 2015 Cook and prep food while maintaining health and food regulations. DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS April 2010 to January 2011 Monitor daily documentation, accountability, and qualifications of employees. Trained new employees regularly. AIRFRAME MECHANIC UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS October 2009 to January 2011 Repair and maintain the quality of the aircrafts. Serve Duty and watch as needed. Education BS in Game art and design Southern New Hampshire University July 2018 to July 2020 HIGH SCHOOL DIPLOMA June 2009 Skills Microsoft office (3 years) Military Service Branch: Marine corps Service Country: United States Rank: E3 October 2009 to January 2011 Airframe mechanic; administrative assistant. Honorable discharge. Additional Information MANAGEMENT  • I have developed management abilities that help me manage time, myself, and others if needed.  COMMUNICATION  • I view communication as a vital point to any job and I am always try to work to better my communication.  LEADERSHIP  • I have leadership skills and abilities that I developed while working in the United States Marine Corps.    Can provide a letter of recommendation upon request.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1039.html#46:::DATABASE AND SYSADMIN CONSULTANT;DATABASE ADMIN;SQL DBA;Oracle/SQL Database Administrator:::DATABASE AND SYSADMIN CONSULTANT <span class="hl">DATABASE</span> AND SYSADMIN CONSULTANT DATABASE AND SYSADMIN CONSULTANT - US Airforce Military veteran with an honorable discharge from the United States Navy. Professional experience as a Database Administrator (DBA). Worked on Oracle12c, 11g, and 10g versions. Work areas include production and development and test support, installation and configuration, backup and recovery, performance tuning, cloning and refreshes, security, database upgrades and patching, database migration. I hold and maintain an active US government Secret security clearance and a COMPTIA security+ certification. Work Experience DATABASE AND SYSADMIN CONSULTANT US Airforce - San Antonio, TX March 2019 to Present • Advise and train personnel on vulnerability assessment and remediation to include ACAS Scan and HBSS software on windows software. This includes both application and OS patching and system tightening.  • Advise on key oracle database functionality like patching, upgrades, encryption and other security components on the database.  • Advise and train personnel on storage management and handling backups and other heavy system jobs.  • Advise and train personnel on key database and middleware design and functionalities.  • Managed APEX applications  • Advise on Risk Management Framework (RMF) set up and execution along with applicable documentation.  • Advise on system accreditation and compliance. DATABASE ADMIN US Airforce - San Antonio, TX December 2017 to Present • Helped in the implementation of Risk Management Framework (RMF). Coordinating with other Information Assurance stakeholders to ensure maximum security and well defined and auditable procedures for database.  • Automated tasks using window's server manager event and tasks schedule to achieve maximum performance and save man power and time.  • Performed Oracle's PSU/CPU patches and some other interim patches to ensure optimal security and performance of different database components.  • Assisted in the drafting and documentation of tasks and procedures to enable and facilitate execution and operation.  • Partake in change management to include the creation of an incidents response plan, and an audit plan to ensure data availability, integrity and maximum security.  • Performed full & incremental backup (cumulative and differential) using RMAN and implemented recovery strategies.  • Performed troubleshooting of Server 2008 and other platform issues and helped ensure business continuity and availability.  • Helped with setting up a business continuity documents to assist continuity of business processes in the event of a tragic even. This includes: well documented manuals and documents stored in backup locations that can be retrieved in case of a disaster.  • Performed both proactive and reactive tuning on database. Using tools like SQL developer, explain plan, ADDM, AWR, indexes etc.  • Supported web-based service maintenance and support using apex and other tools to help maintain website applications and ensure 24/7 availability.  • Performed system administration task on windows server 2008 to include: backup and restore, software installation and configuration, managed users, managed storage and processes, active directory and domain management to name few. SQL DBA Wurth - Billings, MT September 2014 to December 2016 • Creating the database, table spaces, tables, indexes, setting privileges and user logins.  • Data migration between databases using both Oracle 10g and 11g export/import utility and Oracle 11g exp/imp data pump.  • Install client/server Oracle software, setup and configuration of Data guard  • Wrote scripts to create tables, views, indexes and synonyms required meeting developer needs.  • Good experience working with Cluster Server Management and have successfully completed projects on Oracle RAC - Install, Configure, implement, and support.  • Resizing and reorganization of database objects: Tables, Indexes, Rollback segments and Redo log files of existing production and development systems.  • Backup / Recovery methodology specification for mission critical databases  • Performed hot and cold Backups.  • Scheduled daily Exports/Imports to serve as temporary backups.  • Installation and configuration of Oracle11g and 12c Enterprise Editions, OEM with Oracle Diagnostic and Tuning packs  • Worked on different platforms, load user data to reproduce the problem, apply new Oracle patch, managed database backup using RMAN, upgraded Oracle database 10.2.0.4 to 11.2.0.3  • Database reorganizations and refresh schema-using Export/Import.  • Creating the database, table spaces, tables, indexes, setting privileges and user logins.  • Creating physical databases with multiple table spaces from logical and physical data model  • Prepared scripts to tune developer SQL codes to maximize result return time  • Worked on large databases in Oracle 11g with multiple instances using Veritas Cluster.  • Performed cold and hot backup using Oracle's Data pump.  • Provided remote technical support using SSH and terminal services  • Troubleshooting, Restructuring and tuning for optimal performance of existing databases.  • Cloned databases using scripts as well as RMAN.  • Involved in design and enforcing of standards in place to ensure that all application design and code is produced with proper integrity, security and performance  • Refreshed schema using Export/Import  • Setup Oracle 11g Golden Gate for replication needs.  • Capacity planning and creating databases for development, staging and production.  • Performed proactive and reactive tuning/managing database space utilization and growth  • Implementing oracle ASM and resolving ASM related issues.  •Experienced in designing and developing Packages, Stored Procedures, Functions and Triggers using PL/SQL.  •Experienced in designing and developing Packages, Stored Procedures, Functions and Triggers using PL/SQL  •Worked on Production Support, attending production calls, troubleshooting the application and resolving bugs.  •Effectively made use of Table Functions, Indexes, Table Partitioning, Collections, Analytical functions, Materialized Views.  • Provided On-Call support. Oracle/SQL Database Administrator USS BATAAN, US NAVY - Norfolk, VA June 2011 to May 2014 • Extensively involved in installing the oracle RDBM software, creating and configuring the databases (PROD, DEV, and TEST)  • Extensively used BMC Remedy, Citrix ticketing systems for resolving user request associated with database issues.  • Provided On-Call support. Extensive experience in controlling the user privileges, monitoring the security and Audit issues.  • Created logins using different security models like Windows, Standard and certificate authentications.  • Highly experienced in creating Jobs, Schedules and Alerts using SQL Server Agent.  • Strong Communication and Time Management skills and excellent team player.  • Ability to adapt quickly to changing environments.  • Worked on administering 10 Production databases and more than 40 non-production databases of size ranging from 100GB to 5 TB on Solaris/AIX/LINUX servers.  • Performed high level Troubleshooting and Tuning, Written Shell Scripts for monitoring performance and health checks using scripts, AWR, ASH, ADDM, SQL tuning advisors and OEM.  • Applied Patches including PSU and Bug fixes for database performance issues.  • Configured Physical Standby for Production databases and converted Physical standby to Snapshot Standby and ACTIVE data-guard.  • Evaluating and performing the Backup and Recovery Procedures periodically using RMAN.  • Restored backups from tapes and disk and validated the backups, performed day to day administrative tasks by analyzing the database like checking for failed processors, verifying the query for particular issues and validating disk space.  • Worked on a 24x7 Production database and applications support on an onshore/offshore model.  • Analyzed the user requirements, designed partitioned tables and created indexes for improving performance and manageability because many queries can prune partitions.  • Performance tuning and testing stored procedures, indexes and triggers using SQL server profiler, execution plans and SQL Tuning advisor.  • Performed hot fixes on sql server and other patches.  • Hands on experience in enabling auditing and finding the schemas failed login attempts, created and dropped users, granting and revoking rights as and when required.  • Assisted IT Analysts on technical database issues and features.  • Able to work effectively with multiple teams at once. Able to thrive in a fast-paced, time compressed and dynamic environment. Solid skills and discipline for Change Management practices processes.  • Performed timely database refreshes at schema and table level based on the requirement.  • Supported multiple services and multiple databases of medium complexity with multiple concurrent users, ensuring control, integrity and accessibility of data.  • Installed Oracle 2c database in the test environment and tested the upgrade from Oracle 11g to 12c.  • Tested database performance issues (monitoring and tuning) to ensure database optimization.  • Expertise in Oracle networking, Performed Daily Monitoring of Oracle Instances, monitor users, and table spaces, Memory Structures, Rollback Segments, Logs and Alerts.  • Extensive experience in controlling the user privileges, monitoring the security and Audit issues.  • Created logins using different security models like Windows, Standard and certificate authentications.  • Highly experienced in creating Jobs, Schedules and Alerts using SQL Server Agent.  • Strong Communication and Time Management skills and excellent team player.  • Ability to adapt quickly to changing environments. Education BBA in Management Information Systems University of Houston - Houston, TX Military Service Branch: US Navy Service Country: United States Rank: E-5 May 2010 to May 2014 Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ May 2018 to May 2022 Additional Information Holds an Maintains an active US government Secret Security Clearance.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\104.html#47:::Senior Database Administrator;Senior Database Administrator:::Senior Database Administrator Senior <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Edison, NJ Work Experience Senior Database Administrator AppLab Systems Inc - Edison, NJ October 2015 to Present ? Installation and Configuration of DB2 environment in LUW.  ? Upgradation of database from v9.5fp7 to V9.7 fp11 from v9.7fp11 to V10.5 fp6.  ? Actively Involved in design/configuring databases on HADR-TSA/HADR-VCS and VCS clusters.  ? Apply the db2 patches by using zero down time Approach.  ? Setting up the Q-Replication as per customer requirement by using Bi-Directional strategy.  ? Experience in managing Table space Capacity Management, Archival logs and DB Backups.  ? Extensive work experience in DB Tuning, Performance issues and Query Optimization using db2batch & db2advis  ? Having experience on DPF environment servers.   ? Setting up the Zero Down Time server as per customer requirement by using database WRITE SUSPEND/RESUME mode.  ? Strong knowledge in Database Physical Support and Design  ? Hands on experience on DB Backup and Recovery strategies.  ? Hand-on experience in Migrating Databases from DB2 V9.x to V10.x  ? Extensive experience in working with db2 specific tools such as db2pd, db2dart, db2support, db2top, db2inspect, db2advise,db2explain, db2diag,db2look, db2move & db2relocatedb.  ? Ensure availability of databases through database backups, verifying backups, ensure proper functioning of Jobs  ? Improve security by controlling user privileges/roles and implement profiles to meet the Security Standards.   ? Create and maintain DB2 UDB instances and databases for development, test, and production environments within AIX operating environment.   ? Implemented backup compression techniques and can support Time finder backups   ? Having good knowledge of AIX and Linux Operating System  ? Monitor security breaches, error log(s), database and log space, user activity and resource utilization of production environment. Work with application programmers to ensure that application problems do not adversely affect production operations  ? On-call 24x7 production support and Training guidance to offshore DBA's Senior Database Administrator Infinite Computer Solutions - Edison, NJ July 2013 to October 2014 ? Installation and Configuration of DB2 environment in LUW.  ? Stabilizing the DB2 environments and streamlined the systems.   ? Identifying key milestones and deliverables.  ? Upgradation of database from v9.5 fp10 to v9.7 fp7.  ? Configuring the High Availability techniques like HADR& HACMP.  ? Installing and configuring the databases to IBM OPM tool for proactive monitoring of DB2 databases.  ? Extensive experience in fine tuning of long running queries.  ? Extensive experience in loading large volumes of data across DB’s.  ? Backup & Recovery of Database, Online database backup, archived log files and Offline.  ? Granting / revoking various authorizations to different Users/Groups.  ? Capture and analyze Explain and Visual Explain information.  ? Usage of tools like DB2 Load, Import, Export and Reorg, Run stats, Reorg Check, Backup, Restore, Db2move and Db2look  ? Creation and management of both system level and object level roles and privileges for various users. Killing sessions and granting/revoking user privileges and roles.   ? Exposure on DR test & strategies like Failover Clustering/HADR.   ? Cataloging Databases on various nodes.   ? Involved in physical database layout design.  ? Working with apps team to deploy the releases on time and more accurately.  ? Snapshot monitoring was done to detect deadlocks, buffer pools and lock escalations.  ? Provide assistance to the development team on performance tuning, resolving locking situations, assist data modeler with SQL scripts.  ? Responsibilities include disaster recovery, capacity planning and Real Time monitoring, troubleshooting and proactive maintenance.  ? Perform file system copy from production to non-production using TSM backup and recovering DB2 databases in non-production environment.  ? Implemented Database partitioning and Archival logging in DB2 UDB.  ? Troubleshoot the issues as and when required.  ? Attending Weekend calls with offshore and onsite teams.   ? Setup and maintain documentation and standards. Additional Information Technical Skills    Operating system: AIX (UNIX), Linux, HP -UX & Windows 98/XP,  Languages: SQL, UNIX, Shell Scripting  RDBMS: DB2 UDB v8..x & v9.x, V10.1 & Oracle 9i & 10g.  TOOLS: Manage Now, Maximo, Remedy Tool and ICCM.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1040.html#48:::Oracle Database Administrator;Project Manager (National TB Project);Technical Adviser;Oracle Database Administrator;Junior Oracle Database Administrator;SQL SERVER;ORACLE;PL/SQL;SQL;RMAN;LINUX;RED HAT;SHELL SCRIPTING;UNIX;REMEDY;PERL;SCRIPTING;T-SQL;BASH;JIRA;RDBMS;STORAGE MANAGEMENT;AUDIT;MS WINDOWS SERVER 2008;WINDOWS SERVER 2008;Oracle Dba;Sql Dba;MYSQL;DBA:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - Jelani Consulting LLC Dedicated Database administrator with 8 years of extensive knowledge and proficiency in security implementation, backup & recovery, high availability and disaster recovery solutions, upgrades, patching, performance monitoring and tuning, migration, and database cloning. Proficient in various platforms such as Linux, Unix, Windows, and various database systems such as Oracle 10g, 11g, and 12c. Enthusiastic problem solver who is able to adapt quickly to a fast-paced environment. Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Jelani Consulting LLC - Washington, DC February 2017 to Present • Provide day-to-day support of Oracle 11.2.0.4 and 12.2.1.0. databases as part of database team.  • Implement database security strategy by applying password complexity, and granting the appropriate roles and privileges, as well as database auditing.  • Configure Oracle Transparent Data Encryption (TDE) to encrypt sensitive data; employ Oracle Data Redaction and Data Masking to further protect sensitive data.  • Design backup strategies in compliance with business SLA; implementation of backup schedule for both physical and logical backups using RMAN and Data Pump utilities respectively. Also applied block change tracking (BCT), decreasing backup time from 4hrs down to 30mins. Resolved space issues with backup optimization, reducing storage costs by 20%.  • Worked on SQL tuning using SQL Tuning Advisor, SQL Access Advisor, SQL Profiler and SQL Optimizer.  • Installation and configuration of Oracle databases environments (10.2.0.1 and 11.2.0.4), upgrades, patching for security vulnerabilities (CPU and PSU).  • Support 11g and 12c RAC and single-instance production databases  • Database migration from 10 to 11g and 12c using cloning for storage, tablespaces transportable and duplicate database using RMAN.  • Administered use of RMAN scripts for backup, restore and recovery and export/import to move data between 10g, 11g and 12c in production, test and development environment.  • Troubleshooting issues related with Oracle databases, applications and development tools, and support for incidents, services required and troubleshooting for different fails of security.  • Review and monitor system and instance resources to ensure continuous database operations (i.e., database storage, memory, CPU, network usage, and I/O contention).  • Configuring the Database in Archive log mode and take backups incremental, full backup and hot backup for different database 10g, 11g, 12c in the following environments TEST, DEVELOPMENT, PRODUCTION using RMAN script and export/import data pump.  • Applied Oracle's quarterly Critical Patch Update (CPU/ PSU application) using Opatch utility to install, test, and deploy patches to all database instances.  • Perform data refreshes of test and development databases from production backups by using RMAN and Data Pump.  • Responsible for identifying problematic SQL statements and suggesting appropriate solutions using SQL Tuning Advisor.  • Administer physical standby databases to achieve high availability and disaster recovery utilizing Oracle Active Data Guard.  • Conduct performance tuning of Oracle 11g and 12c databases utilizing Explain Plan, SQL Trace, AWR, ADDM reports.  • Generated statistics AWR, ASH, ADDM and reports snap shots for Oracle database 11g in development, testing, and production environments.  • Implement and maintain database security (create and maintain logins, users and roles, assign privileges).  • Performance tuning and health monitoring on Oracle database, OS and application.  • Provide detailed documentation of DBA procedures/operations for proactively maintaining databases.  • Generated shell scripts to automate batch jobs and backups.  • Maintain high reliability for 24|7|365 Linux production servers.  • Part of the 24/7 on-call production support team. Project Manager (National TB Project) Somali Health Initiative for All Trust October 2015 to January 2017 • Managed 5 TB centers located throughout Somaliland and all 35 qualified staff members  • Coordinated internal resources and third parties/vendors (Ministry of Health, World Vision, Global Fund and WHO) for the flawless execution of projects.  • Ensured that all projects are delivered on time, within scope and within budget.  • Assisted in the definition of project scope and objectives, involving all relevant stakeholders and ensuring technical feasibility.  • Ensured resource availability and allocation.  • Develop a detailed project plan including the project work plan and monthly action points to monitor and track progress.  • Managed changes to the project scope, project schedule, and project costs using appropriate verification techniques.  • Measure project performance using monitoring and evaluation tools. Provided technical guidance, supervision and support to staff to integrate approaches to strengthen the overall health system between MCHs and TB centers.  • Successfully managed the relationship with the client and all stakeholders.  • Performed risk management to minimize project risks.  • Created and maintain comprehensive project documentation and presented information at quarterly and annual reviews with funders.  • Represented organization at public-sector and community outreach events. Technical Adviser Republic of Somaliland Ministry of Health September 2015 to January 2017 • Provided technical expertise, leadership and collaboration in the designing, implementation, monitoring and evaluation of activities and projects the Ministry funds with a particular focus on the WHO health systems framework.  • Provided technical expertise and guidance in capacity building, planning, implementation, monitoring and evaluation to key governmental and non-governmental partners.  • Assisted implementing partners in the development of achievable, measurable plans and objectives for implementation of innovative interventions.  • Coordinated with other technical staff activities contributing to program objectives to ensure they are synergistically working to achieve objectives. Oracle Database Administrator Jelani Consulting LLC - Reston, VA August 2014 to September 2015 • Provided day-to-day support for Oracle 11.2.0.4 databases in 24/7 production environment on Red Hat Enterprise Linux servers, as well as Microsoft SQL Server 2012 databases on Windows Server 2012.  • Managed database authorization and database roles/privileges, and enabled database auditing for database security.  • Configured Oracle Transparent Data Encryption (TDE) to encrypt sensitive data.  • Monitored space utilization and optimized performance of Oracle 11g databases using Oracle Enterprise Manager.  • Provided and maintained high availability and disaster recovery using Oracle Data Guard.  • Performed backup and recovery of Oracle databases using Recovery Manager (RMAN).  • Created logical backups of Oracle databases using Data Pump utility.  • Cloned databases using RMAN.  • Applied Oracle's quarterly Critical Patch Update (CPU/ PSU application) using Opatch utility to install, test, and deploy patches to all database instances.  • Performed bulk load into databases SQL Loader.  • Provided troubleshooting and support for user issues.  • Analyzed complex SQL queries, and provided data analysis and interpretation.  • Enforced business rules and maintained data integrity via the use of constraints using DDL statements.  • Assisted developers with application related problems. Junior Oracle Database Administrator Jelani Consulting LLC - Glen Allen, VA August 2012 to August 2014 • Provided day-to-day support for Oracle 10g and 11g databases in test, development, and production environments on Unix servers.  • Automated system tasks using DBMS_Scheduler.  • Implemented cold backups and hot backups for production and development environments.  • Restore and recover different backups on production and test environment in case of disaster.  • Created stored procedures, views, and triggers.  • Performed capacity planning for future projects and initiatives.  • System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) methodology for designing, analysis, development and implementation.  • Applied Oracle's quarterly Critical Patch Update (CPU/ PSU application) using Opatch utility to install, test, and deploy patches to all database instances.  • Creation and administration of users, roles, privileges and profiles to control access permissions and privileges of users and/or applications.  • Resolved Oracle related errors/issues assigned through Remedy ticketing system.  • Planned, implemented and monitored backup and recovery strategies for production databases using RMAN.  • Configured Oracle databases using DBCA and networking tools such as NETCA.  • Managed database security by creating, assigning appropriate roles and privileges to users, and auditing user activity. Education Bachelors of Science in Global and Community Health George Mason University Skills SQL SERVER, ORACLE, PL/SQL, SQL, RMAN, LINUX, RED HAT, SHELL SCRIPTING, UNIX, REMEDY, PERL, SCRIPTING, T-SQL, BASH, JIRA, RDBMS, STORAGE MANAGEMENT, AUDIT, MS WINDOWS SERVER 2008, WINDOWS SERVER 2008, Oracle Dba, Sql Dba, MYSQL, DBA
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1041.html#49:::SQL Server Database Administrator;SQL Server Database Administrator;MS SQL Database Administrator;Database;Sql server;Replication;Sql;Stored procedures;Active directory;Clustering;Dns;Encryption;Iis;Solarwinds;Optimization;Vmware;Data masking;Disaster recovery;T-sql;Security;Share point;Jira;Application server:::SQL Server Database Administrator SQL Server <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> SQL Server Database Administrator - PenFed Credit Union US Citizen with seven (7) years of professional hands-on experience working as a Microsoft Certified SQL Server Database- Administrator (DBA) strong knowledge on SQL Server Installation, Configuration, Data Modelling, Backup-Restore, Disaster Recovery, Monitoring, Troubleshooting, Performance Tuning, Query Optimization, Replications, AlwaysOn, Mirroring, Clustering, Log-Shipping and proficient in writing SQL/T-SQL scripts - Stored Procedures, Functions, Triggers, Constraints, and Views. I have in-depth knowledge and experience with Database Security, Dynamic Data Masking, TDE and Column level Encryption, Creating login and provide permissions in SQL server and Active Directory. Also hands-on experience in native tools such as Execution Plan, Profiler,  Extended Event, DTA, and ER-Diagram. Third party tools like RedGate, Idera, SolarWinds, JIRA, Service Desk and ER-Win. Hands-on experience in SSIS, SSRS, SSAS.    I have communication/social skills and the ability to manage multiple complex projects being innovative. Also I am a creative problem solver, results oriented. Experienced with Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) such as requirement gathering & analysis, design, development, testing, implementation, & maintenance.  I am self-motivated, team player with excellent verbal, written, and communication skills with business analysis and technical knowledge. Work Experience SQL Server Database Administrator PenFed Credit Union - Chantilly, VA February 2019 to Present • Installation and Configuration: Building up SQL Server from scratch such as Installation, Post Configuration with Automation, and job setup with Automation script for new build servers.  • Creating appropriate documentation for new installations.  • Applied Service Pack (SP) and Hot Fixes stand-alone and clustering environment, and in AlwaysOn servers.  • Migration: Upgraded and Migrated SQL Server 2005, 2008 /2008 R2 Databases into SQL Server 2016 and 2017.  • Migrating AlwaysOn Servers and Databases to updated versions.  • Upgrading SSIS package to updated versions and deploying the SSIS Package.  • Database High Availability: Installed, Configured, and Managed AlwaysOn Solution in SQL Server 2016 and 2017. Also configured and managed Clustering, Replication, and Log-shipping.  • Performance Tuning, Query optimization, Execution Plan, identifying slow running queries and troubleshooting, I/O, memory, CPU bottle necks, lock, blocks and deadlocks, monitoring sessions. Performance Tuning, Query optimization, Execution Plan, identifying slow running queries and troubleshooting, I/O, memory, CPU bottle necks, lock, blocks and deadlocks, monitoring sessions.  • Used DBCC to check database conditions, and rebuilding indexes and other database maintenance purposes as well.  • SQL/ Backup/Recovery: Recover Database from Suspect mode, working with disaster recovery, Restore and Recover databases using backups. Also troubleshoot any Job failures or Automation failures.  • Security Design: Create AD Group based on different environments such as DEV, QA and PROD, creating Multiple AD groups based on permissions such as Read, Read Write, ADM and DB Owner etc. Identify PII Data, create Dynamic Data Masking on PII Data also I create login and give them permissions based on the requirements.  • Creating TDE in AlwaysOn Databases, Dynamic Data Masking in PII Data, and Column level encryption.  • Work Environment: SQL Server 2017, 2016, 2014, 2012, 2008, 2008r2, 2005.  • Windows Server: Windows Server2016, 2012R2, 2008 R2, AD (Active Directory), and VM Ware.  • Ticketing Tools: JIRA and Service Desk.  • Monitoring Tools: SolarWinds, Logic Monitor and Dynatrace. SQL Server Database Administrator Dep of Health and Human Services, MD February 2015 to January 2019 Responsibilities:  AlwaysOn Configuration: I have installed and Configured AlwaysOn in multiple replicas end-to-end on my AlwaysOn configuration  Applied TDE: I have Created TDE in 130 Databases on my TDE Creation project.  Migration: I have Migrated Databases from SQL Server to Azure SQL on my migration project.  • Database Administration and Managing: Managed Development, Test and Production Servers/Instances and Databases.  ? Migrated Oracle Databases into SQL Server 2012 and 2014.  • Database High Availability:  ? Installed, Configured, and Managed Database AlwaysOn, Clustering, Replication, Mirroring, and Log Shipping.  • SQL/ Backup/Recovery:  ? Have work experience and strong knowledge in disaster Recovery, Restore and Recover databases using backups, also troubleshooting any job failures.  • Automation: Setting up maintenance plans, creating automation jobs, setting up the schedule using SQL agent.  T-SQL, Triggers, Stored Procedure:  ? Wrote T-SQL such as Constraints, Indexes, Stored-Procedures, function, View and Triggers.  ? Optimized SQL queries, Stored Procedures and Functions Trigger, also supported developers to execute and optimize query.  • Monitoring and Performance Tuning:  ? Performance Tuning, Query optimization, Execution Plan, identify and trouble-shoot I/O, CPU, Memory bottle necks, lock, block and deadlocks, monitoring sessions, and Monitoring SQL server performance using Activity Monitor, profiler to find performance.  • Index/Constraints:  ? Created and managed Indexes (Cluster/Non-Cluster), and Constraints.  • Security Management:  ? Created and Managed login, roles, security at object level, data encryption, TDE and Dynamic Data masking.  • ETL Tools: Used ETL tools SSIS, SSAS, and SSRS. Create SSIS Package, create reports.  Work Environment: AWS, Azure SQL, SQL Server 2016, 2014, 2012, 2008 R2, Windows Server 2012R2, 2008 R2, AD (Active Directory), Financial Applications, Enterprise Reporting System, IIS, Dot Net. MS SQL Database Administrator Department of Labour - Washington, DC August 2012 to December 2014 Responsibilities:  Migration: I have Migrated Oracle into MS SQL Server 2012 on my Migration Project.  Database High Availability: Installed, Configured and Maintained Fail-Over Clustering using SQL Server2012 creating cluster environment.  • Database Programming: Wrote T-SQL, Trigger, and Stored-Procedures. Assisted Database Developers to optimize SQL queries and Stored Procedures.  • Database High Availability: Configured and Maintained Database mirroring, Log-shipping and Replication.  • Database Monitoring/Performance Tuning: Strong on database Monitoring and Performance tuning. Scheduled jobs to automate different database related activities including backup, monitoring database health, disk space, and backup verification. Monitor SQL Server Error Log, and space usage  • Backup/Recovery: Strong knowledge and working experience in Database Backup and Disaster Recovery. Having experience in Point-in-Time Recovery. Restored Database from backup.  • Data Modelling: Worked on Data modelling and generated E-R Diagram. Data modelling tool using SQL Server Data Diagram.  • ETL Tools: Used ETL tools like DTS, SSIS, SSAS, and SSRS.  • Export & Import: Data from/to Oracle, MySQL, and Access Database including flat files like text, Excel, and CSV files to SQL Server 2005/2008r2 and 2012.  • Report Development: Installed, Configured, and administered SQL Server Reporting Services. Develop and Deployed Reports.  Work Environment: SQL Server 2012, 2008 r2, 2008, 2005, 2000 Windows Server 2012R2, 2008, 2003r2, AD (Active Directory), and Applications in .Net Platform. Skills Database, Sql server, Replication, Sql, Stored procedures, Active directory, Clustering, Dns, Encryption, Iis, Solarwinds, Optimization, Vmware, Data masking, Disaster recovery, T-sql, Security, Share point, Jira, Application server Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    • Databases: SQL Server 2017, 2016, 2014, 2012, 2008, 008r2, 2005.  • Windows Server and Active Directory: Experience in administering Windows Server 2016, 2012r2, 2008, 2003, AD (Active Directory), Domain, DNS, File server, Share Point and VMware.  • SQL Server Tools: SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS), Execution Plan, Activity Monitor, Extended Event, SQL Profiler, Database Tuning Advisor.  • Third Party Tools: JIRA, SolarWinds, Erwin, Service Desk, Idera.  • Programming: SQL, T-SQL, Scripting, debugging, constraints, stored procedures, Functions, View and Triggers.  • Performance Tuning: Server Optimization and Performance Tuning, Query Optimization, Experience in resolving lock, block, Dead Locks or long/slow running  Query, Task Manager, Performance Monitor.  • Database High Availability: Strong knowledge/experience in configuring and administering High Availability Database Solutions like AlwaysOn, Replication, Clustering, Mirroring, and Log-shipping Database.  • Backup/Recovery: Strong knowledge and working experience in Database Backup and Disaster Recovery. Experienced with Point-in-Time Recovery. Restored Database from backup.  • Security: Experience with Security and Audit Management like Security, Encryption, TDE (Transparent Data Encryption), Column level Security, Dynamic Data Masking, AES, and 3DES.  • Creating Login and User: Creating login and giving permissions in SQL server and Active Directory based on Server level, Database level and object level.  • Application Server: Administered IIS application server, and deployed applications.  • Service Pack: Applied Service Pack (SP) and Hot Fixes for Standalone, Clustering, AlwaysOn Instances, and Operating System.  • Development Tools: Visual Studio2010/2012, 2015, 2017, BIDS, and SSDT.  • VMware/Virtual Box: Knowledge and experience of Installing, and working on VMware/ Virtual box.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1042.html#50:::SQL Server Database Administrator;Sr.SQL Server Database Administrator;SQL Server Database Administrator;SQL Server Database Administrator;SQL Server Database Administrator:::SQL Server Database Administrator SQL Server <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> SQL Server Database Administrator - PricewaterhouseCoopers Tampa, FL 8+years of experience as a SQL Server DBA(Cloud-Azure and AWS)) with detail oriented, analytical and troubleshooting experience in different Microsoft products like SQL Server, SharePoint, and Operating Systems. Depth knowledge and experience in data modeling including gathering and analyzing business requirement. Solid working experience in managing large databases in 24/7 data processing environment including backup/recovery, performance tuning, developing and managing reports using SQL Reporting Services (SSRS), Monitoring, Stored procedures, triggers, functions, constraints and views etc. and as well as reports using Microsoft Reporting Services, and Crystal Reports technologies. Working experience entails strong knowledge on using database third party tools (Idera, Spotlight, RedGate, ERWin, and TSM). Managed daily tasks with planning and organizing with prioritize basis. Quick response any email and attending daily, weekly meeting and a great team player.    TECHNICAL SKILS:    Database SQL Server 2016/2014/2012/2008/2005/2000, MySQL, Sybase, PostgreSQL,FoxPro, Oracle12c,No SQL, MS ACCESS 2003 & 2000, Cloudera Hadoop  SQL Tools SSMS, BIDS, Query Analyzer, Profiler, Database Mail, SQL MAIL, SQL Agent, PL/SQL, TOAD and BCP  ETL Tools SSIS/DTS  Database SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services), Crystal Report, SSAS (SQL Server Analysis Reporting Services)  Data Modeling SSDD (SQL Server Database Diagram), ERWin, VISIO Red gate. Lite Speed and MPD  Programming SQL, T-SQL, Stored Procedure, Trigger, Web Design, HTML, JavaScript, ASP, ASP.net  Operating Windows 2000,7, XP/NT4.0, Windows Server 2012/2008/2003/2000, MS-DOS, System UNIX/Linux & VMware  Hardware Cluster, SAN, RAID  Storage  Cloud Computing Microsoft Azure(RDS), AWS(RDS)  Third Party dera, Spectrum, Spotlight, RedGate, ERWin, NetBackup  tools  Data Delphix  Virtualization Tools Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience SQL Server Database Administrator PricewaterhouseCoopers - Tampa, FL May 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • As a Sr. SQL Server DBA Provided Production Support 24/7 and On-call support.  • Involved in Change Management, Problem management activities using SM9 tool before implementing database changes in test, stage, development and production activities.  • Installed and Upgraded from SQL Server and 2008 to 2008 R2, Migrated Databases from SQL 2008r2 to SQL 2012 and 2014/2016 and MYSQL to SQL Server 2014 databases.  • Migrating and new installations of SQL Server on VMWARE environment and supporting the SQL Server instances.  • Involved in troubleshooting database server issues to free up Log Space, Update Statistics and configure number of Locks.  • Managed back end SQL servers of SharePoint environment  • Experienced with Point-in-Time Recovery, Restored Database from backup.  • Performed BCP, BULK INSERT, Imported and Exported data from different Data Sources.  • Exported & Imported data from Flat file, Excel file, CSV file to/from SQL Server Database using DTS, SSIS, and BCP  • Expertise in automating the system by using System Center Operations Manager (SCOM).  • Experience in Installing and Configuring and supporting 2-node (A/A, A/P) and 4-node (A/A/A/P, A/A/P/P) Clustered Environment.  • Proficient in configuring, implementing, and monitoring different types of High Availability and disaster recovery scenarios like AlwaysOn, Mirroring, Replication, log shipping, and clustering  • Implemented Always-On along with method of access, device allocation, validation, disk configuration, security and sizing.  • Experience in scheduling Backups and Restore, Log Shipping and Maintenance plans using Native & Third-party tools (LiteSpeed5.0, Foglight, Spotlight, Idera Diagnostic Manager).  • Experience in Encryption on table level, TDE encryption ( database level) and SSL encryption (server level).  • Configured Security at ACTIVE DIRECTORY AND SQL SERVER LEVEL by Creating Principals (logins) and Mapping users to roles.(Securable and Permissions).  • Expertise in performance tuning by identify the bottlenecks from OS and SQL perspective.  • Scheduled and maintained new and existing jobs to automate different database related activities including backup, monitoring database health, disk space, backup verification, database statistics, rebuild or reorganize indexes.  • Expert in creating and debugging Views, Functions, Indexes, Cursors, Store Procedures, Triggers, Optimizing code and improving Efficiency.  • Azure automation (cloud and on-premises) solution development for Microsoft POC engagements.  • Experience in SQL Server instance Amazon Cloud -EC2  • Running SQL Server in the Amazon Cloud -RDS Backup and Restore  • Experience in SQL Server Amazon Cloud-RDS Monitoring and RDS Limitation  • Experience in Migration from SQL Server to AWS and upgrading the platform to AWS.  • Creating and Customizing SQL Azure Dynamic Data Masking  • Migration of SQL server database from on premise to Azure IAAS/PAAS  • Migration using Azure Site Recovery(ASR)  • Setting up and testing HA & DR(ASR)  • Experience in implementing multi-node windows/SQL HA  • Experience working with Azure SQL Database Import and Export Service.  • Suggesting the rite hardware for hosting SQL Server on Hyper-V like suggesting the different types of VHD's supporting Dynamic, Virtual, and Pass through  • Setup trust between on premise and cloud server using ACS and ADFS in Azure.  • Experienced in migrating database from local to RDS and one of AWS EC2 cloud environment  • Worked Extensively on ETL process using SSIS packages  • Loaded the data into another data sources (Oracle, SQL Server) using SSIS.  • Created various SSIS packages based upon the requirement.  • Experience in generating Reports (SSRS) in Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS).  • Used various Transformations in SSIS Dataflow, Control Flow using for loop Containers and Fuzzy Lookups etc.  • Created linked servers between Oracle 11g and MS SQL SERVER 2008 and also deployed SSIS packages for data transfer.  • Extensively used Repositories like Team Foundation Server (TFS) Visual source safe and Clear Case for Data Archival.  • Experience in logical and physical data modeling of the database in ERWIN and MS VISIO.  • Expert in raising the Service Requests and keep tracking of requests.  • Attended weekly/monthly meetings with other DBA, Project Manager, Dev. and Test Team regarding project status, deadline, technical issues & solution.    Environment: T-SQL, SQL Server 2000/2005/2008R2/2012/2014/2016, SSRS, SSAS, TCP/IP, SSIS, ETL, DTS, Windows 2008, 2012, XML, IIS, Access, Excel. Azure, AWS, RDS Sr.SQL Server Database Administrator Deloitte - Harrisburg, PA June 2016 to April 2018 Responsibilities:  ? Extensively involved in 24X7 Production support of the databases and round-the-clock database operations including to Installation, configuration, importing exporting, patch installs, Capacity Planning, Backup and Recovery of mission critical databases.  ? Supports day to day operational duties for the database platform such as service requests and tickets, backups, monitoring, performance tuning, system troubleshooting  ? Expertise in Security Issues such as creating logins and granting permissions on various objects as well as administering security for server's logins regularly and guest user logins.  ? Installed, Configured, and Managed SQL Server 2012, 2008, 2005 & 2000 in development, test, and production environment  ? Installed and Configured SQL Server 2008 for testing different features and stability  ? Moving databases from on premise servers to Microsoft Cloud platform (SQL Azure) as part of application migrations.  ? Experience working with Azure SQL Database Import and Export Service.  ? Experience in deploying SQL Databases in cloud (Azure and AWS)  ? Installed, Configured and Maintained Fail-Over Clustering using SQL Server 2008 R2/2005  ? Installed, Configured and Maintained Database Mirroring using automatic fail-over option in SQL Server  ? Configured Log Shipping as Standby database from Production database for Reporting purposes  ? Configured and Maintained Replications (Transactional)  ? Installed, Configured, and administered SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)  ? Developed and Deployed Reports using SSRS and worked on Ad-hoc Reports using Report Builder 3.0, 2.0  ? Worked on Database Migrated in development, testing and production environment.  ? Involved in Data Modeling tools used using ERWin, VISIO, Oracle SQL Developer, SQL Server Data Diagram  ? Applied SP (Service Pack), HOT Fixed on SQL Server  ? Strong knowledge on database Monitoring and Performance tuning and Monitor SQL Server Error Log, space usage  ? Scheduled jobs to automate different database related activities including backup, monitoring database health, disk space, backup verification  ? Writing T-SQL, User Define Function, Trigger, and Stored-Procedures and assisted Database Developers to optimize SQL queries and Stored Procedures  ? Export & Import data from Flat file, CSV file to/from SQL Server Database using DTS, SSIS, and BCP  ? Export & Import data from/to databases like Oracle, My-SQL, and Access to/from SQL Server  ? Strong knowledge and working experience in Database Backup and Disaster Recovery and experienced with Point-in-Time Recovery from backup.  ? Used DBCC to check database conditions, Rebuilding indexes and other database Maintenance purposes as well  ? Strong working experience in creating, modifying tables, Index (Cluster/Non-Cluster), Constraints (Unique/Check), Views, Developed Different Maintenance Plans for database monitoring, Server Activity, and solving problem as needed  ? A well-organized, goal-oriented, highly motivated effective team member with excellent analytical, troubleshooting, and problem solving skills. Install Oracle software; Create and Manage Oracle database    Environment: MS SQL Server 2014/2012/2008R2/2005, Windows Clustering, Replication, Windows Server 2008R2 and Windows Server 2003, .Net Framework, C#.Net, JavaScript, MS TFS, MS-Access, SharePoint 2010, Oracle 10g, LiteSpeed. SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, VMware. SQL Server Database Administrator Unisys - Reston, VA September 2014 to May 2016 Responsibilities:  • Installed and configured SQL Server 2005/2000 on new servers with service packs.  • Upgrade SQL Server 2005 side by side upgrade from SQL server 2000.  • Migrated Databases from SQL Server 2000 to SQL server 2005  • Expertise in setting up and troubleshooting Database mirroring.  • Worked on log shipping for synchronization of database.  • Expertise in working with Transactional Replication Environment and handled the publication conflicts manually depending on last changed date.  • Checked the configuration and performance of the existing databases including data file allocation, index fill factor, fragmentation and the impact on system performance. Analyzed potential problems (response delay, locking, server down time, etc) to avoid and optimize.  • Rebuilding the indexes at regular intervals for better performance based on level of fragmentation.  • Responsible for monitoring and making recommendations for performance improvement in hosted databases. This involved index creation, index removal, index  • modification, file group modifications, and adding scheduled jobs to re-index and update statistics in databases.  • Implemented and Maintained routine DBA tasks like scheduling jobs, creating maintenance plans. Checked servers for optimizations and implemented them.  • Setup Database Security and maintained accounts and access levels by creating suitable Logins, Roles and assigning object level permissions.  • Implementation of SQL Logins, Roles and Authentication Modes as a part of Security Policies for various categories of users.  • Resolving performance issues using DMVs (Dynamic Management Views).  • Expert in Performance Tuning, Analyzed long running queries and tuned them to optimize the system performance.  • Monitored SQL Server logs to ensure whether the backup operations, batch commands, scripts have completed successfully.  • Performed data partitioning for efficient management of database tables and indexes  • Extensively working on performance issues like update statistics, Auto Stats.  • Experience with Transparent Data Encryption (TDE), in regular maintenance activities like Query Tuning, statistics update, Index rebuild, log file monitoring, temp DB monitoring, deadlock resolutions, and fragmentation issues  • Used native tools like Database Tuning Advisor, SQL Server Profiler, Performance Monitor and Activity Monitor for performance tuning  • Involved in Analysis, Development and Maintenance of Backup Plan, Disaster Recovery Plan, Procedures and Strategies using Maintenance Plans  • Involved in Configuring and testing the setup of SQL Server Database encryption on DR servers  • Provided 24/7 Support for Production , Development & Test Servers of MS SQL Servers    Environment: SQL Server 2008/2005/2000, SSIS, SSRS, Data Ware Housing, Visual studio 2008, MS Visio 2007, Enterprise Edition, XML, MS Access 2003. SQL Server Database Administrator McKesson - San Francisco, CA November 2012 to August 2014 Responsibilities:  • Participates in the designing, implementing and testing of development cycle of business applications. Advises software development/QA teams on database design and performance optimization.  • Implements production, QA and development databases and maintains their integrity.  • Provides technical guidance to IT personnel in the investigation, analysis and resolution of database problems.  • Implements procedures for database backup/restores. Conducts restore tests periodically to verify backups and restoration performance.  • Implements security procedures to protect company databases and applications including access control and data encryption/masking procedures. Supports regular auditing reviews and change controls.  • Monitors databases and their subsystems on all platforms to ensure optimal performance SQL Server Database Administrator The Boeing Company - Milford, OH April 2010 to October 2012 Responsibilities:  ? Installed and Configure SQL Server2008, 2005 & 2000 in development, test, and production environment  ? Installed, Configured and Maintained SQL Server 2000 & 2005 Fail-Over Cluster Servers  ? Installed and Configured Operating System, Windows Server (2000 & 2003)  ? Migrated databases from SQL Server 2000 to 2005 in test and production environment  ? Designed and developed SSIS packages using different control flow tasks, Transformations and dataflow tasks  ? Setting up Linked Servers in Kerberos authentications  ? Involved in Performing Production data refresh in Mobility Performance environment  ? Implementing DR solution, High availability of database servers using Database mirroring and replications  ? Monitored database status including CPU, memory, I/O, space, and deadlocks using SQL Server utilities and raising Tickets for the upgrading of CPU and memory space  ? Performed data modeling activities using ER diagrams, application performance tuning and code reviews and documenting the changes.  ? Implemented new features in SQL Server 2008 like Policy based Management, Table Compression, Backup Compression, SQL Server Auditing, Resource Governor and Merge statement in T-SQL.  ? Migrated MS Access databases into MS SQL Server and Imported data from Oracle, Excel, Flat file, CSV file to SQL Server Database  ? Work experience and strong knowledge in disaster recovery  ? Configured Log Shipping from Production to Standby Server (Running as Reporting Server)  ? Configured and Maintained Replications (Transactional)  ? Performance tuning & index tuning  ? Created Backup strategy for production and development environment  ? Database Backup & Restore and scheduled jobs by using the 'Database Maintenance Plan'  ? Monitor Servers activity, solving problem and daily check the SQL Server Error Log, space usage, etc  ? Provided 24/7 Support for Production, Development & Test Servers of MS SQL Servers dedicated databases.  ? Run DBCC statements to check physical and logical consistency of the database and Rebuild indexes  ? Extensively experience in using DTS, BCP to import & export data from flat files, excel and MS Access to MS SQL Server databases  ? Designed Logical & Physical Database and Backward & Forward Engineering by using ERWin  ? Involved in creating and modifying tables, Index (Cluster/Non-Cluster), Constraints (Unique/Check), Views, Stored Procedures, Triggers  ? Used DBCC to check physical and logical consistency of database and Rebuilding indexes    Environment: SQL Server 2012/2008/2005/2000, Oracle11/ 10g/ 9i, .Net Framework 2.0, C#.Net, Asp.Net2.0, JavaScript, VSS, Windows 2000, Windows 2003/2008 Server, MS-Access Education Bachelor's
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1043.html#51:::Sr.SQL Server Database Administrator;SQL Server Database Administrator;SQL Server Database Administrator;SQL Server DBA;SQL Server DBA:::Sr.SQL Server Database Administrator Sr.SQL Server <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Sr.SQL Server Database Administrator - Cox Enterprises Atlanta, GA • (7+) years of experience as a SQL Server DBA(Cloud-Azure and AWS)) with detail oriented,  • analytical and troubleshooting experience in different Microsoft products like SQL Server,  • SharePoint, and Operating Systems. Depth knowledge and experience in data modeling  • including gathering and analyzing business requirement. Solid working experience in managing  • large databases in 24/7 data processing environment including backup/recovery, performance tuning, developing and managing reports using SQL Reporting Services (SSRS), Monitoring,  • Stored procedures, triggers, functions, constraints and views etc. and as well as reports using  • Microsoft Reporting Services, and Crystal Reports technologies. Working experience entails  • strong knowledge on using database third party tools (Idera, Spotlight, RedGate, ERWin, and  • TSM). Managed daily tasks with planning and organizing with prioritize basis. Quick response any email and attending daily, weekly meeting and a great team player.    TECHNICAL SKILS:    Database SQL Server 2016/2014/2012/2008/2005/2000, MySQL, Sybase, PostgreSQL, FoxPro, Oracle12c,No SQL, MS ACCESS 2003 & 2000, Cloudera Hadoop  SQL Tools SSMS, BIDS, Query Analyzer, Profiler, Database Mail, SQL MAIL, SQL Agent, PL/SQL, TOAD and BCP  ETL Tools SSIS/DTS  Database Reporting SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services), Crystal Report, SSAS (SQL Server Analysis Services)  Data Modeling SSDD (SQL Server Database Diagram), ERWin, VISIO 2003/2007, Red gate. Lite Speed and MPD  Programming SQL, T-SQL, Stored Procedure, Trigger, Web Design, HTML, JavaScript, ASP, ASP.net  Operating System Windows 2000,7, XP/NT4.0, Windows Server 2012/2008/2003/2000, MS-DOS, UNIX/Linux & VMware  Hardware/Storage Cluster, SAN, RAID  Cloud Computing Microsoft Azure(RDS), AWS(RDS)  Third Party tools Idera, Spectrum, Spotlight, RedGate,ERWin, NetBackup  Data Virtualization Delphix  Tools Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr.SQL Server Database Administrator Cox Enterprises - Atlanta, GA February 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  • As a Sr. SQL Server DBA Provided Production Support 24/7 and On-call support.  • Involved in Change Management, Problem management activities using SM9 tool before implementing database changes in test, stage, development and production activities.  • Installed and Upgraded from SQL Server 2000, 2005 and 2008 to 2008 R2, 2012, 2014,2016  • Migrated Databases from SQL 2008r2 to SQL 2012 and 2014/2016 and MYSQL to SQL Server 2014 databases.  • Migrating and new installations of SQL Server on VMWARE environment and supporting the SQL Server instances.  • Involved in troubleshooting database server issues to free up Log Space, Update Statistics and configure number of Locks.  • Managed back end SQL servers of SharePoint environment  • Experienced with Point-in-Time Recovery, Restored Database from backup.  • Performed BCP, BULK INSERT, Imported and Exported data from different Data Sources.  • Exported & Imported data from Flat file, Excel file, CSV file to/from SQL Server Database using DTS, SSIS, and BCP  • Expertise in automating the system by using System Center Operations Manager (SCOM).  • Experience in Installing and Configuring and supporting 2-node (A/A, A/P) and 4-node (A/A/A/P, A/A/P/P) Clustered Environment.  • Proficient in configuring, implementing, and monitoring different types of High Availability and disaster recovery scenarios like AlwaysOn, Mirroring, Replication, log shipping, and clustering  • Implemented Always-On along with method of access, device allocation, validation, disk configuration, security and sizing.  • Experience in scheduling Backups and Restore, Log Shipping and Maintenance plans using Native & Third-party tools (LiteSpeed5.0, Foglight, Spotlight, Idera Diagnostic Manager).  • Experience in Encryption on table level, TDE encryption ( database level) and SSL encryption (server level).  • Configured Security at ACTIVE DIRECTORY AND SQL SERVER LEVEL by Creating Principals (logins) and Mapping users to roles.(Securable and Permissions).  • Expertise in performance tuning by identify the bottlenecks from OS and SQL perspective.  • Scheduled and maintained new and existing jobs to automate different database related activities including backup, monitoring database health, disk space, backup verification, database statistics, rebuild or reorganize indexes.  • Expert in creating and debugging Views, Functions, Indexes, Cursors, Store Procedures, Triggers, Optimizing code and improving Efficiency.  • Azure automation (cloud and on-premises) solution development for Microsoft POC engagements.  • Experience in SQL Server instance Amazon Cloud -EC2  • Running SQL Server in the Amazon Cloud -RDS Backup and Restore  • Experience in SQL Server Amazon Cloud-RDS Monitoring and RDS Limitation  • Experience in Migration from SQL Server to AWS and upgrading the platform to AWS.  • Creating and Customizing SQL Azure Dynamic Data Masking  • Migration of SQL server database from on premise to Azure IAAS/PAAS  • Migration using Azure Site Recovery(ASR)  • Setting up and testing HA & DR(ASR)  • Experience in implementing multi-node windows/SQL HA  • Experience working with Azure SQL Database Import and Export Service.  • Suggesting the rite hardware for hosting SQL Server on Hyper-V like suggesting the different types of VHD's supporting Dynamic, Virtual, and Pass through  • Setup trust between on premise and cloud server using ACS and ADFS in Azure.  • Experienced in migrating database from local to RDS and one of AWS EC2 cloud environment  • Worked Extensively on ETL process using SSIS packages  • Loaded the data into another data sources (Oracle, SQL Server) using SSIS.  • Created various SSIS packages based upon the requirement.  • Experience in generating Reports (SSRS) in Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS).  • Used various Transformations in SSIS Dataflow, Control Flow using for loop Containers and Fuzzy Lookups etc.  • Created linked servers between Oracle 11g and MS SQL SERVER 2008 and also deployed SSIS packages for data transfer.  • Extensively used Repositories like Team Foundation Server (TFS) Visual source safe and Clear Case for Data Archival.  • Experience in logical and physical data modeling of the database in ERWIN and MS VISIO.  • Expert in raising the Service Requests and keep tracking of requests.  • Attended weekly/monthly meetings with other DBA, Project Manager, Dev. and Test Team regarding project status, deadline, technical issues & solution SQL Server Database Administrator Deloitte - Harrisburg, PA July 2015 to April 2017 Responsibilities:  • Extensively involved in 24X7 Production support of the databases and round-the-clock database operations including to Installation, configuration, importing exporting, patch installs, Capacity Planning, Backup and Recovery of mission critical databases.  • Supports day to day operational duties for the database platform such as service requests and tickets, backups, monitoring, performance tuning, system troubleshooting  • Expertise in Security Issues such as creating logins and granting permissions on various objects as well as administering security for server's logins regularly and guest user logins.  • Installed, Configured, and Managed SQL Server 2012, 2008, 2005 & 2000 in development, test, and production environment  • Installed and Configured SQL Server 2008 for testing different features and stability  • Moving databases from on premise servers to Microsoft Cloud platform (SQL Azure) as part of application migrations.  • Experience working with Azure SQL Database Import and Export Service.  • Experience in deploying SQL Databases in cloud (Azure and AWS)  • Installed, Configured and Maintained Fail-Over Clustering using SQL Server 2008 R2/2005  • Installed, Configured and Maintained Database Mirroring using automatic fail-over option in SQL Server 2008  • Configured Log Shipping as Standby database from Production database for Reporting purposes  • Configured and Maintained Replications (Transactional)  • Installed, Configured, and administered SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)  • Developed and Deployed Reports using SSRS and worked on Ad-hoc Reports using Report Builder 3.0, 2.0  • Worked on Database Migrated in development, testing and production environment.  • Involved in Data Modeling tools used using ERWin, VISIO, Oracle SQL Developer, SQL Server Data Diagram  • Applied SP (Service Pack), HOT Fixed on SQL Server 2000, 2005, 2008,2012  • Strong knowledge on database Monitoring and Performance tuning and Monitor SQL Server Error Log, space usage  • Scheduled jobs to automate different database related activities including backup, monitoring database health, disk space, backup verification  • Writing T-SQL, User Define Function, Trigger, and Stored-Procedures and assisted Database Developers to optimize SQL queries and Stored Procedures  • Export & Import data from Flat file, CSV file to/from SQL Server Database using DTS, SSIS, and BCP  • Export & Import data from/to databases like Oracle, My-SQL, and Access to/from SQL Server  • Strong knowledge and working experience in Database Backup and Disaster Recovery and experienced with Point-in-Time Recovery from backup.  • Used DBCC to check database conditions, Rebuilding indexes and other database Maintenance purposes as well  • Strong working experience in creating, modifying tables, Index (Cluster/Non-Cluster), Constraints (Unique/Check), Views, Developed Different Maintenance Plans for database monitoring, Server Activity, and solving problem as needed  • A well-organized, goal-oriented, highly motivated effective team member with excellent analytical, troubleshooting, and problem solving skills. Install Oracle software; Create and Manage Oracle database    Environment:MS SQL Server 2014/2012/2008R2/2005, Windows Clustering, Replication, Windows Server 2008R2 and Windows Server 2003, .Net Framework, C#.Net, JavaScript, MS TFS, MS-Access, SharePoint 2010, Oracle 10g, LiteSpeed. SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, VMware. SQL Server Database Administrator The Boeing Company - Milford, OH April 2013 to June 2015 Responsibilities:  • Installed and Configure SQL Server2008, 2005 & 2000 in development, test, and production environment  • Installed, Configured and Maintained SQL Server 2000 & 2005 Fail-Over Cluster Servers  • Installed and Configured Operating System, Windows Server (2000 & 2003)  • Migrated databases from SQL Server 2000 to 2005 in test and production environment  • Designed and developed SSIS packages using different control flow tasks, Transformations and dataflow tasks  • Setting up Linked Servers in Kerberos authentications  • Involved in Performing Production data refresh in Mobility Performance environment  • Implementing DR solution, High availability of database servers using Database mirroring and replications  • Monitored database status including CPU, memory, I/O, space, and deadlocks using SQL Server utilities and raising Tickets for the upgrading of CPU and memory space  • Performed data modeling activities using ER diagrams, application performance tuning and code reviews and documenting the changes.  • Implemented new features in SQL Server 2008 like Policy based Management, Table Compression, Backup Compression, SQL Server Auditing, Resource Governor and Merge statement in T-SQL.  • Migrated MS Access 2000/97 databases into MS SQL Server and Imported data from Oracle, Excel, Flat file, CSV file to SQL Server Database  • Work experience and strong knowledge in disaster recovery  • Configured Log Shipping from Production to Standby Server (Running as Reporting Server)  • Configured and Maintained Replications (Transactional)  • Performance tuning & index tuning  • Created Backup strategy for production and development environment  • Database Backup & Restore and scheduled jobs by using the 'Database Maintenance Plan'  • Monitor Servers activity, solving problem and daily check the SQL Server Error Log, space usage, etc  • Provided 24/7 Support for Production, Development & Test Servers of MS SQL Servers dedicated databases.  • Run DBCC statements to check physical and logical consistency of the database and Rebuild indexes  • Extensively experience in using DTS, BCP to import & export data from flat files, excel and MS Access to MS SQL Server databases  • Designed Logical & Physical Database and Backward & Forward Engineering by using ERWin  • Involved in creating and modifying tables, Index (Cluster/Non-Cluster), Constraints (Unique/Check), Views, Stored Procedures, Triggers  • Used DBCC to check physical and logical consistency of database and Rebuilding indexes    Environment:SQL Server 2012/2008/2005/2000, Oracle11/ 10g/ 9i, .Net Framework 2.0, C#.Net, Asp.Net2.0, JavaScript, VSS, Windows 2000, Windows 2003/2008 Server, MS-Access SQL Server DBA Dimensional Fund Advisors - Austin, TX February 2011 to March 2013 Responsibilities:  • Installed and configured SQL Server 2005/2000 on new servers with service packs.  • Upgrade SQL Server 2005 side by side upgrade from SQL server 2000.  • Migrated Databases from SQL Server 2000 to SQL server 2005  • Expertise in setting up and troubleshooting Database mirroring.  • Worked on log shipping for synchronization of database.  • Expertise in working with Transactional Replication Environment and handled the publication conflicts manually depending on last changed date.  • Checked the configuration and performance of the existing databases including data file allocation, index fill factor, fragmentation and the impact on system performance. Analyzed potential problems (response delay, locking, server down time, etc) to avoid and optimize.  • Rebuilding the indexes at regular intervals for better performance based on level of fragmentation.  • Responsible for monitoring and making recommendations for performance improvement in hosted databases. This involved index creation, index removal, index modification, file group modifications, and adding scheduled jobs to re-index and update statistics in databases.  • Implemented and Maintained routine DBA tasks like scheduling jobs, creating maintenance plans. Checked servers for optimizations and implemented them.  • Setup Database Security and maintained accounts and access levels by creating suitable Logins, Roles and assigning object level permissions.  • Implementation of SQL Logins, Roles and Authentication Modes as a part of Security Policies for various categories of users.  • Resolving performance issues using DMVs (Dynamic Management Views).  • Expert in Performance Tuning, Analyzed long running queries and tuned them to optimize the system performance.  • Monitored SQL Server logs to ensure whether the backup operations, batch commands, scripts have completed successfully.  • Performed data partitioning for efficient management of database tables and indexes  • Extensively working on performance issues like update statistics, Auto Stats.  • Experience with Transparent Data Encryption (TDE), in regular maintenance activities like Query Tuning, statistics update, Index rebuild, log file monitoring, temp DB monitoring, deadlock resolutions, and fragmentation issues  • Used native tools like Database Tuning Advisor, SQL Server Profiler, Performance Monitor and Activity Monitor for performance tuning  • Involved in Analysis, Development and Maintenance of Backup Plan, Disaster Recovery Plan, Procedures and Strategies using Maintenance Plans  • Involved in Configuring and testing the setup of SQL Server Database encryption on DR servers  • Provided 24/7 Support for Production , Development & Test Servers of MS SQL Servers SQL Server DBA AWS, RDS April 2010 to January 2011 2008R2/2012/2014/2016, SSRS, SSAS, TCP/IP, SSIS, ETL, DTS, Windows 2008, 2012, XML, IIS, Access, Excel. Azure, AWS, RDS Education Bachelor's
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1044.html#52:::Sr. Oracle, PostgreSQL Database Administrator/ Database Security Engineer;Oracle/PostgreSQL Database Administrator;Dbms;Oracle;Pl/sql;Postgresql;Rdms:::Sr. Oracle, PostgreSQL Database Administrator/ Database Security Engineer Sr. Oracle, PostgreSQL <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span>/ <span class="hl">Database</span> Security Engineer Sr. Oracle, PostgreSQL Database Administrator/ Database Security Engineer - Marsh & McLennan Companies Jersey City, NJ 6+ years of experience as an Oracle & PostgreSQL Database Administrator and Database Security Engineer for transforming business strategies of various organizations into efficient and integrated global business solutions.  • Installation and Administration of Oracle 12c/11g/10g/9i on OEL, Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) and Sun Solaris in OLTP and OLAP environment.  • Expertise in building and supporting PostgreSQL 10/9.5/9.1 Databases on Windows and Linux.  • Experience in secure policy development implementation and enforcement.  • Expertise in assisting the implementation of change control process in production environments and Audit control process for Oracle/PostgreSQL Databases.  • Review information security controls to ensure maintenance of SOX & SOC compliance.  • Encryption of PII & PCI containing applications in accordance with NYDFS Cybersecurity regulations.  • Expertise in configuration and implementation of encryption solutions for encrypting the data-at-rest and data-in-transit.  • Experience in creating Azure Database for PostgreSQL server.  • POC performed for migration of on premise PostgreSQL Database (Version 9.5.18) to Azure Database for PostgreSQL using export/import, dump/restore and Database Migration Service.  • POC is in progress on Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL and Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL.  • Experience on Oracle 12c/11g/ASM/RAC and upgradation of standalone databases to 11g RAC environment.  • Performed Migration and Upgradation of databases from 9i,10g to higher versions 11g,12c.  • Design and implementation of Backup and Recovery strategies (both cold and hot backups) and performing periodical backup, restoration and recovery using RMAN (full and incremental).  • Extensive experience in installation and configuring OEM , Quest Foglight 5.5/5.8 versions for monitoring Oracle /SQL Databases  • Implementation of Flashback Technology.  • Experience in Database/SQL performance tuning using diagnostic tools like AWR, ADDM, ASH, STATSPACK and tuning Database performance parameters accordingly. Experience in using Explain plans, SQL Baselines, SQL Tuning Sets, SQL Profiles and SQL hints with or without OEM.  • Delivering Oracle Database performance-tuning services for customers with EXPLAIN PLAN, TKPROF, SQL TRACE.  • Configuration and Management of Data Guard on RHEL and OEL.  • Experience with Data guard broker configuration and switchover.  • Experience on Data Replication using Snapshot, Materialized views, import/export.  • Experience in Data replication using Oracle Goldengate.  • Solid experience in disaster recovery, Database backup concepts and options such as user-managed backup, RMAN-managed backup with or without recovery catalog, operating system backup, cold and hot backup, full back up, incremental, cumulative backup and implementing backup and recovery strategies.  • Experience on Oracle monitoring tools including Oracle Application Server monitoring and Oracle Linux monitoring using NMON and TOP commands.  • Vulnerabilities Management for Databases in accordance with NIST - NVD CVE score information.  • Worked on 24x7 environments including but not limited to follow the sun support models and on-call rotational support models for overnight and weekend production database support.  • Excellent interpersonal and strong analytical, problem-solving skills combined with strong customer service attitude.  • Proven abilities in establishing effective task priorities, working independently, and participating as an integral part of a team in fast-paced and multi-tasking environment. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Oracle, PostgreSQL Database Administrator/ Database Security Engineer Marsh & McLennan Companies - Hoboken, NJ February 2014 to Present Responsibilities  • Provide Day-to-Day Production and non-Production support for more than 1000 Databases including Oracle and PostgreSQL Databases with 24x7 on-call rotation model.  • Provide support on DB service outage calls due to Infrastructure slowness or failures, which includes and not limited to IO slowness, Network slowness, Server resource bottleneck and perform end to end diagnostics and provide immediate fix following by RCA.  • Assisting the implementation of change control process in production environments and SOX Audit control process for Oracle/PostgreSQL Databases.  • Review Iinformation security controls to ensure maintenance of SOX & SOC compliance.  • Implementation of Oracle Transparent Data Encryption (Oracle TDE), Network Data Encryption and Integrity, Thales Vormetric Transparent Encryption for encryption of the data.  • Strong experience in encryption/decryption of ASM disks, filesystems on Linux and Drives on windows servers for encrypting the data using Thales Vormetric Transparent Encryption.  • Solid experience in encryption/decryption of Network Attached Storage (NAS) filesystems using Vormetric.  • Knowledge on HPE Microfocus-Voltage Secure Data encryption.  • Experience in creating Azure Database for PostgreSQL server.  • POC performed for migration of on premise PostgreSQL Database (Version 9.5.18) to Azure Database for PostgreSQL using export/import, dump/restore and Database Migration Service.  • Knowledge on creating and managing replicas in Azure Database for PostgreSQL-Single Server.  • POC in progress on Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL and also  • Creation of VPC's, EC2 instance in Amazon Web Services (AWS).  • Managing AWS Access with Users, Groups and Roles (Identity and Access Management (IAM)) in AWS.  • POC is in progress on Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL and Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL.  • Performed PostgreSQL DB upgrade from version 9.1 to 9.5 in accordance with Application compatibility.  • Extensive experience with building the Warm Standby and Host Standby for PostgreSQL 9.5/9.1.  • Configured Write Ahead Logs(WAL) archiving, Base Backup on the warm PostgreSQL DB servers.  • Backup and Restoration of PostgreSQL Databases across DEV/QA/UAT/PROD environments.  • Implementation of LDAP authentication for PostgreSQL Database Connectivity.  • Maintenance of Annual/Quarterly Audit Remediation activity for PostgreSQL DB Service Accounts.  • Implemented pgAudit for session and object audit logging on PostgreSQL Databases.  • POC is in progress for implementation of Zerto Replication for DR Setup of PostgreSQL Database Servers.  • POC is in progress for migration of applications from Oracle to PostgreSQL Databases.  • Patch/Upgrade RAC Grid Infrastructure and databases to current latest versions.  • Monitoring SQL Plan changes, Analyzing SQLHC and SQLT reports and implementing the best practices for plan stability using SQL Profiles and SQL plan baselines.  • Diagnosis of AWR/ASH/ADDM reports and checking Instance activity, wait events and taking necessary actions to improve database performance.  • Proficient in using OS tools for Server performance stats like top, vmstat, iostat, pidstat, ps, netstat, OSWatcher.  • Upgrades Standalone/Clustered databases from 10g - 11g and 11g - 12c.  • Refreshing NON-PROD environments using RMAN, DATAPUMP backup tools.  • Monitoring SQL Plan changes, Analyzing SQLHC and SQLT reports and implementing the best practices for plan stability using SQL Profiles and SQL plan baselines.  • Diagnosis of AWR/ASH/ADDM reports and checking Instance activity, wait events and taking necessary actions to improve database performance.  • Proficient in using OS tools for Server performance stats like top, vmstat, iostat, pidstat, ps, netstat, OSWatcher.  • Expertise in setup, installation, configuration, maintenance and troubleshooting of several Oracle tools and utilities like Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM), TOAD, Oracle SQL Developer in various versions.  • Maintenance of Quarterly/Annual audit remediation activities for both Database & Application service accounts.  • Installation and hands-on experience with Ansible 2.2/2.4 for automation of DBA activities.  • Organization code review analysis in Github and BitBucket if any exposed to public to avoid exploitation.  • Implementation of Static & Dynamic Application security testing (SAST & DAST) using WhiteHat Security for Vulnerabilities.  • POC in progress for Threat Modeler, Black Duck secure tools.  Environment: Microsoft Azure, Amazon Web Services (AWS), PostgreSQL 10/9.5/9.1, Oracle 12c/11g/10g/9i/8i, ,Sun Solaris, Red Hat Linux, Windows, SQL Developer, Toad, PGADMIN-III/IV, RMAN, OEM, Foglight, STATSPACK, AWR, Explain Plan, SRDF, Jenkins, JIRA, jFrog Artifactory, Ansible, Thales Vormetric Tool (DSM -Version 6.0.2.5114/ 6.0.3.8098), HPE Microfocus - voltage SecureData v6.5.1 , LogRhythm, WhiteHat Security Sentinel, Black Duck, ThreatModeler, GitHub, BitBucket, Postman. Oracle/PostgreSQL Database Administrator DirecTV - El Segundo, CA January 2013 to February 2014 Responsibilities:  • Installed, configured and maintained Oracle Databases 11g/10g/9i on Real Application Cluster (RAC) with ASM and without ASM.  • Provide support on DB service outage calls due to Infrastructure slowness or failures, which includes and not limited to IO slowness, Network slowness, Server resource bottleneck and perform end to end diagnostics and provide immediate fix following by RCA.  • Monitoring SQL Plan changes, Analyzing SQLHC and SQLT reports and implementing the best practices for plan stability using SQL Profiles and SQL plan baselines.  • Backup and recovery using RMAN, Datapump and Export/Import.  • Created and managing the database objects such as tables, indexes and views.  • Performed day-to-day activities such as creating users, roles, schemas, tables, views, indexes and rebuilding of Indexes and running scripts given by the clients.  • Granting roles and privileges to end users.  • Managing, troubleshooting and resolving oracle database and application issues.  • Monitoring alert log/system log and managing Database Locks and blocking sessions.  • Defragmentation of tables and indexes for improved performance and efficiency.  • Table Partitioning, creating Index Organized tables, Creating Locally managed Table spaces.  • Applying patch set and interim patches whenever required to make the database software up to date.  • Performed Same Platform, Cross-Platform, Little - Big and Big - Little endian format database migrations using RMAN, Export/Import, Transportable tablespaces and Transportable database technologies.  • Configured and Maintained database replication using Oracle DATAGUARD technology.  • Performed Yearly/Quarterly DR(DATAGUARD/SRDF) exercises by Switch over and Failover methods using oracle data guard broker.  • Configured Golden Gate replication for schema and database level.  • Installed VERIDATA tool for comparing data synchronization between SOURCE and TARGET.  • Configured EXTRACT and REPLICATE pumps for Golden Gate replication.  • Troubleshooting golden gate replication issues using LOGDUMP.  • Backup and Restoration of PostgreSQL Databases across DEV/QA/UAT/PROD environments.  • Maintenance of Annual/Quarterly Audit Remediation activity for PostgreSQL DB Service Accounts.  • Perform PostgreSQL DB upgrade accordance with Application compatibility.  Environment: Oracle 11g/10g/9i/8i, PostgreSQL 9.1, Sun Solaris, Red Hat Linux, Data Guard, Golden Gate, SQL Developer, PGADMIN-III, RMAN, OEM, Foglight, STATSPACK, AWR, Explain Plan, SRDF. Education Master of Science in Information Systems Engineering & Management in Information Systems Engineering & Management Harrisburg University of Science and Technology May 2019 Master of Science in Electrical Engineering in Electrical Engineering State University of New York at New Paltz - New Paltz, NY December 2012 Skills Dbms, Oracle, Pl/sql, Postgresql, Rdms
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1045.html#53:::Data Engineer;Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Database;Ms access;Oracle;Sql;Aix;Linux;Red hat;Solaris;Sun;Unix;Ux;Rman;Swift;OEM;Kanban;Emc;Loader;Sftp:::Data Engineer Data Engineer Data Engineer - UnitedHealth Group, MN Woodbury, MN • Full responsibility and expertise in Oracle database administration, performance tuning, database backup, database recovery, database security, data migration of Oracle instances and SQL-server databases.  • Good communication and cooperation skills with an aptitude to learn quickly take responsibility and work under pressure.  • Experience on Data Replication using Snapshot, Clone, Data pump export/import and RMAN.  • Remote administration and support of Oracle production and development Databases on major Operating Systems with different sizes.  • Experience in Installation of Oracle Databases 9i, 10g, 11g and 12c versions.  • Experience in the Upgrade of Oracle Databases in patch set Level and also in version Level (9i to 10g), (10g to 11g) and (11g to 12c).  • Design and implementation of Backup and Recovery strategies (both cold and hot backups) and performing periodical backup, restoration and recovery using RMAN(full and incremental)  • Testing and implementing different physical and logical backup and recovery methods including point in time, media recovery, full/partial, and data pump export/import.  • Worked actively in configuring and maintaining Oracle Physical Standby/Active Data Guard Database oracle 11g.  • Developed database monitoring/health check alert scripts for database uptime/downtime status, and sizing issues using grid control (OEM) and extensively used Oracle Enterprise Manager to do the daily tasks regarding the performance and maintenance.  • Performing Fault Injection Test Cases for verifying the High Availability at each layer of RAC stack like port failover, instance failover, ASM failover and Node failover.  • Upgrading and migrating Oracle 11gR2 RAC Databases running on legacy infrastructure to Oracle 12c Pluggable Databases running on the latest platforms.  • Configuration and Management of Data Guard on RHEL, OEL.  • Extensive experience with Database Cloning and Refreshing pre-prod/dev databases with prod/pre-prod databases.  • Extensive experience in installation and implementing OEM and TOAD and setup of Oracle Grid Control.  • Experience in implementation of enterprise databases on enterprise Storage Solutions using Storage Area Networks (SAN) /Network Attached Storage (NAS).  • Proactively monitoring the database's health and taking preventive or corrective actions.  • Expert experience in Hot and Cold Backup and Recovery, cloning of databases using RMAN, Veritas NetBackup and IBM Tivoli Workload Scheduler (TWS).  • Used expdp & impdp to take backup at database level or table space level and also to accomplish table level and full database de-fragmentation.  • Proficient in using various database Utilities like expdp & impdp, Data Pump, and TOAD.  • Experience in Extracting, Transforming and Loading (ETL) data using SQL loader utility.  • Automated many common tasks using Crontab including Backups, exports and imports.  • Good Experience in applying patches like Critical Patch Updates , Patch Set Updates as per the Oracle recommendations. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Data Engineer UnitedHealth Group, MN April 2019 to Present • Applies CPU/PSU Patches on ERP instance and Plain databases.  • Clones of Test/DEV instances from Production systems.  • Creates the database, table spaces, Quotas, tables, indexes, setting privileges and user logins.  • Provides System support for both development and 24*7 production environments.  • Analyzes SQL queries causing performance problems in the database  • Creates, Configured, Upgraded and Administered 10.2.0.4/11.2.03 & 12.1 versions Oracle databases on UNIX, VMware and bare-metal environments.  • Executes an upgrade of Oracle Database from 11g to 12c.  • Creates and configures new database server and database environments.  • Performs Monthly Re-org of complete databases using expdp and impdp.  • Experience in monitoring and tuning system resources associated with the database performance, hit ratios, I/O, lock, and latch contention.  • Executes Disaster Recovery (DR) Plan Implemented using DATAGUARD (Physical Standby) for high availability/disaster recovery purpose on Oracle 11g.  • Performs DR switchover and failover operations.  • Participates in meetings for Project Updates/Project Enhancements/Trouble shooting periodically  • Maintains database and middleware/SOA layer performance by identifying and resolving production and application development problems; calculating optimum values for parameters; evaluating, integrating, and installing new releases.  • Supports Oracle DB backups (online/offline), logical backups and Linux scripts, created clone databases, configured standby database, performed DBA day-to-day activities  • Troubleshoots installation errors both independently and with Oracle support (via My Oracle Support or metal link)  • Maintains Oracle11gR2 RAC high availability with ASM, file system with Cluster Stat and Grid infrastructure on UNIX environments. Database reorganizations and refresh schema-using Export/Import.  • Database Administrator supporting three major projects from Dev to Prod through Tech-Test environments, involving daily configuration, administration all running on Red Hat Enterprise Linux and Database sizes range from 2GB to 24 TB.  • Creates oracle databases on configured servers using both the DBCA & Database creation scripts.  • Manages, tune and troubleshoot database issues both on Linux command line, SQL*Plus, OEM client, Oracle 10g database control, oracle 10g Grid Control as well as other third party tools like TOAD, SQL Developer  • Monitors and performs database sizing, tablespace management and rollback tablespace management, transaction management and security administration.  • Carryout Data migration between databases using both Oracle 10g and 11g export/import utility and Oracle 11g exp/imp data pump.  • Provides valuable inputs for various performance tuning issues.  • Expert in Performance Tuning and Monitoring of Oracle Databases on Linux/Unix platform using AWR , ADDM reports, Advisors as SQL tuning, SQL Advice, Undo, Segment, MTTR, Memory. Installation of 11.2.0.1 and 11.2.0.2 and 11.2.0.3 RAC databases on ASM and NFS file systems.  • Involves in design and enforcing of standards in place to ensure that all application design and code is produced with proper integrity, security and performance.  • Refreshes schema using Export/Import. Created the database, tablespace, tables, indexes, set privileges and user logins  • Works on in house installation of Oracle on different platforms, loaded user data to reproduce the problem, applied new Oracle patch, managed database backup using RMAN, upgraded Oracle database 10.2.0.4 to 11.2.0.1  • Monitors database systems and provide technical support for database system issues and application performance enhancement/improvement using both OEM (client), Oracle 10g database control & SQL*Plus, as well as pre-developed Linux shell scripts.  • Add, edit as well as making the necessary modifications to our SOP's.    Tools Used: Oracle RMAN, Oracle 11g ,OEM Grid control 13c ,Secure,ESC,PPM,ServiceNow,Swift Kanban,Sharepoint,Data pump,IPswitch,Cisco jabber, Cisco AnyConnect,AWR,SQL TRACE,BI Publisher,Redhat cygwine,Secure CRT 7.0, TWS,Appstore,Cisco webex, and Cyberark. Oracle Database Administrator SUBARU AUTOMOTIVE - Lafayette, IN October 2015 to March 2019 • Creating the database, table spaces, Quotas, tables, indexes, setting privileges and user logins.  • Provides System support for both development and 24*7 production environments.  • Ability to support working outside of normal business hours to provide after hour or "on-call" support when necessary to solve high profile issues.  • Database Administrator supporting three major projects from Dev to Prod through Tech-Test environments, involving daily configuration, administration all running on Red Hat Enterprise Linux and Database sizes range from 2GB to 5 TB  • Analyzes SQL queries causing performance problems in the database.  • Creates, Configured, Upgraded and Administered 10.2.0.4/11.2.03 & 12.1 versions Oracle databases on Linux Red Hat and Cent OS on VMware and bare-metal environments  • Executes an upgrade of Oracle Database from 11g to 12c.  • Creates and configures new database server and database environments.  • Performs Monthly Re-org of complete databases using expdp and impdp.  • Experience in monitoring and tuning system resources associated with the database performance, hit ratios, I/O, lock, and latch contention.  • Executes Disaster Recovery (DR) Plan Implemented using DATAGUARD (Physical Standby) for high availability/disaster recovery purpose on Oracle 11g.  • Performs DR switchover and failover operations.  • Participates in meetings for Project Updates/Project Enhancements/Trouble shooting periodically  • Maintains database and middleware/SOA layer performance by identifying and resolving production and application development problems; calculating optimum values for parameters; evaluating, integrating, and installing new releases.  • Supports Oracle DB backups (online/offline), logical backups and Linux scripts, created clone databases, configured standby database, performed DBA day-to-day activities  • Troubleshoots installation errors both independently and with Oracle support (via My Oracle Support or metal link)  • Creates oracle databases on configured servers using both the DBCA & Database creation scripts.  • Manages, tune and troubleshoot database issues both on Linux command line, SQL*Plus, OEM client, Oracle 10g database control, oracle 10g Grid Control as well as other third party tools like TOAD, SQL Developer  • Monitors and performs database sizing, tablespace management and rollback tablespace management, transaction management and security administration  • Carryout Data migration between databases using both Oracle 10g and 11g export/import utility and Oracle 11g exp/imp data pump.  • Applies CPU/PSU Patches on ERP instance and Plain databases.  • Clones of Test/DEV instances from Production systems.  • Maintains Oracle11gR2 RAC high availability with ASM, file system with Cluster Stat and Grid infrastructure on Linux environments. Database reorganizations and refresh schema-using Export/Import.  • Provides valuable inputs for various performance tuning issues.  • Expert in Performance Tuning and Monitoring of Oracle Databases on Linux/Unix platform using AWR , ADDM reports, Advisors as SQL tuning, SQL Advice, Undo, Segment, MTTR, Memory. Installation of 11.2.0.1 and 11.2.0.2 and 11.2.0.3 RAC databases on ASM and NFS file systems.  • Involves in design and enforcing of standards in place to ensure that all application design and code is produced with proper integrity, security and performance.  • Refreshes schema using Export/Import. Created the database, tablespace, tables, indexes, set privileges and user logins  • Works on in house installation of Oracle on different platforms, loaded user data to reproduce the problem, applied new Oracle patch, managed database backup using RMAN, upgraded Oracle database 10.2.0.4 to 11.2.0.1  • Monitors database systems and provide technical support for database system issues and application performance enhancement/improvement using both OEM (client), Oracle 10g database control & SQL*Plus, as well as pre-developed Linux shell scripts.    Tools Used: Oracle RMAN, Oracle 11g (11.2.0.2),OEM Grid control ,Data pump, AWR,SQL TRACE,BI PUB , Redhat cygwine,Secure  CRT 7.0,TWS,Cyberark. Oracle Database Administrator MATERIAL IN MOTION (MIM) - Fairburn, GA June 2012 to September 2015 • Cloned/Migrated databases using RMAN and traditional Data pump export/import utilities in Oracle 10gR2.  • Worked on disaster recovery of a Data guard physical standby Failover/switchover/loss of service /rebuild/corruption/loss of data file testing.  • Automated monitoring the databases, performance parameters, backup and recovery activities by running Cron jobs and customized various Unix Shell Scripts in sending Email for ORA- errors, reports for Quick Morning Check (QMC), automate routine DBA tasks of taking backups, exports, space usage monitoring, move Archive Logs to different mount point when Archive Destination is full and resync RMAN catalog.  • Worked with a team for installation and maintenance of ORACLE 10g RAC, ASM database for high availability.  • Provided System support for both development and 24*7 production environments.  • Monitored and tuned long running jobs by working closely with the application development team and analyzing objects, created or rebuilt indexes, query tuning using SQL TRACE, TOAD.  • Performed troubleshooting of database using AWR and ADDM reports.  • Planned, tested and implemented backup strategy using RMAN, Oracle Utilities (Export/Import) EXPDP and OS methods.  • Executed Database replication from prod to test/dev environment Using RMAN, Data pump utilities and manually.  • Responsible for network config and involved in a Client-Server environment using TNSnames, Listener, Net CA and other configuration files.  • Creating and restoring databases using Oracle Flashback Technology with Guaranteed restore point.  • Strong skills in applying security patches (Patch set, Critical Patch Updates (CPU) / Patch Set Updates (PSU), One-off Patch) using metal ink.  • Highly experienced in implementing Oracle's Transportable Table space feature using Data pump Export/Import (Oracle 11g, 10g) allowing users to quickly move a user Tablespace across Oracle databases.  • Expertise in implementing data refreshes (at database, schema & table level) using RMAN utility and Data pump, conventional Export/Import of Oracle 11g, 10g.  • Performed activities on ASM, creating disk group with different Redundancy Levels/using Fail group, adding a disk to a disk group, making disks online/offline and mount/dismount disk groups as SYSASM  • Constantly monitor the performance (V$ dynamic performance views at peak load) of the Databases and viewing Alert log files & Trace files.  • Used run blocks to run scripts to check the status of databases such as growing table sizes, extent allocation, free space, used space, fragmentation etc.  • Performed space management, capacity planning, disaster recovery and overall maintenance of the databases.  • Successfully performed data replication using Snapshot, Clone, Data pump export/import and RMAN in Oracle 10gR2.Applied patches 10.2.0.2 and 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4.    Tools Used: AWR, Oracle TOAD, RMAN, Data pump, SQL TRACE, OEM Grid control. Education Bachelor's University of Buea Skills Database, Ms access, Oracle, Sql, Aix, Linux, Red hat, Solaris, Sun, Unix, Ux, Rman, Swift, OEM, Kanban, Emc, Loader, Sftp Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/j-salle-a63960156 Awards ICDL 2010-07 SQL 2017-10 OCA 2018-02 Oracle Certified Associate CSM 2019-08 Certified ScrumMaster(CSM) SASM 2019-08 SAFe Advanced ScrumMaster (SASM) Certifications/Licenses OCA,SQL,ICDL Certified February 2018 to Present OCA Certified Scrum Master August 2019 to August 2021 SASM Certified August 2019 to December 2020 SAFe Advanced ScrumMaster Certified (SASM) Groups TCOUG October 2013 to Present
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1046.html#54:::Database Administrator (Oracle);Oracle Database Administrator;IT Officer;IT Technician;Database administration;Database;Oracle;Postgresql;Sql;Linux;Linux/unix;Unix;Erp;Python;Bash;Cisco;Writing test;Test cases;Quality assurance;Writing test cases;Maintenance:::Database Administrator (Oracle) <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> (Oracle) Database Administrator (Oracle) Madison, NJ IT professional with Expert in managing highly sensitive information. Eight years experience in database administration, network implementation, server setup and configuration, and hardware/software support. Work Experience Database Administrator (Oracle) Netlinks May 2016 to May 2019 • Maintained sensitive military Information. Obtained top security clearance from Ministry of Defense  • Created users for US military and local Army to access the database  • Granted access rights to users from US Army and local Army to get access into the Linux operating system environment  • Created reports from ERP system using scripting languages such as Bash (Shell) and Python (ad hoc, daily, weekly, monthly)  • Data replication using SHAREPLEX between databases  • Performance tuning and optimizing the SQL statement  • Developed and delivered all training for database users and other relevant staff  • Installed and upgraded relevant databases and systems; modified structure while maintaining integrity and security.  • Managed and configured the RAC, Cluster ware and ASM  • Backed up and recovered databases on a scheduled basis using RMAN  • Managed Linux/Unix systems Oracle Database Administrator Afghan Wireless Communication Company (AWCC) November 2013 to April 2016 • Engineered and administered Oracle standalone and RAC clustered (11g, 12c) database environments  • Configuring and managing Oracle RAC, Clusterware, Grid infrastructure and Oracle ASM  • Managed the database with OEM, SQL Developer, TOAD  • Automated the loading of 12GB of flat data into the database using SQL Loader and Data Pump using shell script and creating CRONTAB job  • Performance tuning and optimizing the SQL statement  • Backed up and recovered databases on a scheduled basis using RMAN  • Conducted basic monitoring and tuning by identifying potential database performance bottlenecks and developing solutions  • Created new database systems and recommended improvements to boost the performance and efficiency of existing systems  • Ensured a stable and secure database environment and configured Data Guard.  • Created SQL queries to support Risk and Fraud Management team as requested. IT Officer Brac Bank January 2007 to July 2008 • Set up new user accounts and profiles and managing password issues  • Monitored and maintained bank computer systems and network  • Installed and configured computer hardware operating systems and applications  • Troubleshoot system and network problems by diagnosing hardware/software faults  • Replaced hardware parts as required. IT Technician Future Tech June 2004 to October 2006 Implemented physical network connection for various government and non-government organizations. Clients included:  Azizi Bank, Afghanistan: Policy Management Unit  Ministry of Farming, Afghanistan: Fiber Optic Connections  International Security Assistance Force HQ, Afghanistan: NATO Campus Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science Pune University/Fergusson College - Pune, Maharashtra 2013 Skills Database administration, Database, Oracle, Postgresql, Sql, Linux, Linux/unix, Unix, Erp, Python, Bash, Cisco, Writing test, Test cases, Quality assurance, Writing test cases, Maintenance Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  • Networks  CISCO Network: Switches, Routers; Configuration and Maintenance  • Operating Systems  Windows Server, Ubuntu, RedHat, CentOs, LINUX/UNIX  • Database Administration  Oracle 11g and 12c; PostgreSQL, SQL, Data Synchronization, Performance monitoring and debugging; Backup and Recovery  • Quality Assurance  Writing test cases for change request; Verify results  • Report Generation  Python; BASH Script (Shell) - Working Knowledge  • ERP Systems  Odoo - Working Knowledge
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1047.html#55:::Software Developer;Software Developer;Database Developer/ Administrator:::Software Developer Software Developer Software Developer Jacksonville, FL Seasoned Information Technology Professional with a successful record of more than 5 years of professional experience and knowledge of software/ database development and design, software requirements gathering and analysis and an in-depth knowledge and understanding of Software Development Life-cycle (SDLC). Complimented by excellent interpersonal skills including great written and verbal communication and coordination skills, customer management and resolution and technical problem solving and debugging, Particularly I have more than 4 years of experience in Design, Development, Implementation of Python, ODOO and client-server technologies-based applications in . Work Experience Software Developer The Parts House Acquisitions LLC - Jacksonville, FL July 2017 to Present • Create browser-based applications for inventory management, sales, delivery, purchasing and reporting using Python, ODOO, Javscript, HTML, XML, Jquery and CSS.  • Provide end-user training and support; respond to requests received from users via the Help Desk  and through the phone.  • Working with python bots server to translate the EDI 810 and EDI ASNs into XML and JSON formats.  • Writing python scripts to parse XML documents and load the data in databases  • Using pyflame for the code profiling and optimization of the exiting ERP system.  • Utilize PostgreSQL log analysis tools for queries optimization and the tuning of existing databases.  • Using GitLab, Mercurial as version control.  • Utilize a strong understanding of Python, PostgreSQL, JavaScript, Jquery, AJAX and HTML.  • Writing and executing various PostgreSQL database queries from Python using Python-PostgreSQL connector and PostgreSQL db package  • Working in development of applications especially in LINUX environment and familiar with all commands.  • Implementing Import/Export feature to the ERP modules.  • Implementing the client code for consuming the REST Web Services.  • Perform troubleshooting, fix and deploy many Python bug fixes of the ERP application which is the source of data for the Accounting. Software Developer NETLINKS - Kabul, AF February 2014 to February 2017 • Design, develop, deploy, troubleshoot, and debug Frontend and Backend solutions.  • Performed requirement gathering & analysis for clients projects by evaluating their business processes and procedures..  • Contributed software engineering expertise in the development of products through the software lifecycle, from requirements definition through successful deployment.  • Development using object-oriented design.  • Designed database structures for different web applications in PostgreSQL.  • Prepared and analyzed reports using Python libraries and involved in environment Setup.  • Wrote Python scripts for extracting data/images from database.  • Attended ODOO & PostgreSQL database technical training and developed various applications and solutions using the ODOO framework.  • Reviewing the existing system.  • Developed integration portals using Python to provide interoperability between applications.  • Involved in developing, coding and testing software system for many small and medium projects.  • Involved in developing, coding of a National human resource and payroll management information system. Database Developer/ Administrator Afghan Public Protection Force - Kabul May 2012 to January 2014 • Design architecture for the database high availability.  • Responsible for the daily database maintenance.  • Performing the database tuning/optimization, backup and recovery.  • Writing and running SQL queries, stored procedures, triggers and functions against the database.  • Designed database applications, such as end-user interfaces, automated data transfer mechanisms, temporary tables, data partitions, and function-based indexes to enable efficient access of the generic database structure  • Monitored and reported systems resource consumption trends to assure production systems meet availability requirements and hardware enhancements are scheduled appropriately.  • Monitoring performance and managing parameters to provide fast query responses to front-end users. Education Bachelor in Computer Science Kabul University - Kabul, AF 2011 Certifications/Licenses Associate Certification in PostgreSQL Server Present November 2015 to Present  EnterpriseDB, Corporate Headquarters - 34 Crosby Drive, Suite 201, Bedford, MA 01730,USA  2015 Certificate in ODOO 8 Present Serpant Consulting service - Ahmedabad, India  2015 Additional Information Language/ Framework: Odoo/OpenERP, Flask, Python, PHP, Javascript, CSS, HTML, XML.  Tools Eclipse: Sublimtext3, PhpMyadmin, PgAdminIII, many other tools for Linux and Databases  RDBMS: PostgreSQL Server, MySQL Server.  Operating System: Windows, Unix, Linux(Ubuntu server, CentOS, Redhat)  Web Server: Apache, Nginx  Agile methodologies(SCRUM)   API: Restful Services   VCM : GitHub, GitLab, Mercurial  Others: Jira
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1048.html#56:::Web Developer;Database Administrator;Computer Specialist;API;C++;DJANGO;FRONT-END;Git;HASKELL;JAVASCRIPT;BOOTSTRAP;WEBPACK;JSON;VS CODE;OBJECTIVE C;PHP;PYTHON;XML;MYSQL;POSTGRESQL;SQL;COLDFUSION;HTML5:::Web Developer Web Developer Web Developer Work Experience Web Developer TOWN RESIDENTIAL - New York, NY August 2016 to April 2018 o Designed, developed, and managed firm's external and internal web applications, including main website, and document library (PHP, MySql, HTML/CSS/JS, Liquidweb).  o Created software to transfer data to / from third-party systems through databases, APIs, Json and xml feeds.  o Built from the ground up web applications for the company and top performer agents' new projects using Python  / Django, Postgresql and Heroku.  o Improved and troubleshooted web applications, internal databases and external feeds.  o Collaborated with writers and graphic designers to create and update web content and to convert mockups and designs into responsive web applications, including online real estate properties listings, news articles, agent and  team pages and market reports documents.  o Assisted realtors with websites functionality training and listings syndication concern from and to third-party sites. Database Administrator August 2015 to August 2016 o Created and Improved functionality for the firm's property management system (ColdFusion, MS SQL, HTML/JS).  o Created and maintained automated periodic reports and notifications delivered by email.  o Managed planning, implementation, configuration, and administration of MS SQL relational database management  systems.  o Monitored and managed database backups, logs, and restore and/or recover data as required. Computer Specialist SOUTH BRONX PREPARATORY - Bronx, NY September 2010 to August 2015 o Installed, maintained, troubleshoot and repair all electronic devices' software and hardware, including replacing  components to computers, servers, printers, scanners, SMART boards, iPads and data projectors located in administrative offices, classrooms, computer lab, and laptop carts.  o Taught pre-calculus and calculus class to top 10 honor students for a full school year.  o Created, maintained and managed students' ID cards, email accounts and files  o Created school website using HTML, CSS and bootstrap. Education B.E in Computer Engineering CITY COLLEGE OF THE CITY UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK June 2017 Skills API, C++, DJANGO, FRONT-END, Git, HASKELL, JAVASCRIPT, BOOTSTRAP, WEBPACK, JSON, VS CODE, OBJECTIVE C, PHP, PYTHON, XML, MYSQL, POSTGRESQL, SQL, COLDFUSION, HTML5 Links http://linkedin.com/in/carlos-pro http://www.CarlosGonzalez.pro http://www.github.com/cagl18 Additional Information SKILLS  Front-End Back-End Tools Others Skills Key Qualities  JavaScript ES6 / jQuery Python / PostgreSQL Sketch Responsive Design self-motivated  CSS3 / SASS / HTML5 Django / PHP / MySQL Linux Command Line API Integration / MVC self-learner / organized  XML / JSON / Bootstrap ColdFusion / MS SQL VS code / Eclipse Git(Git Flow) / Github team player  Gulp / Webpack C++ / Objective C Bitbucket / Jira Fluent in Spanish  Haskell / Java SCRUM / Agile written and spoken
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1049.html#57:::Principal Database Development Engineer;Intern - IT Support;Database Analyst / Developer;Microsoft SQL Server Database Administrator;MS ACCESS;MS SQL SERVER;MS SQL SERVER 2000;MS SQL SERVER 2005;MS SQL SERVER 2008;Sql Dba;DBA:::Principal Database Development Engineer Principal <span class="hl">Database</span> Development Engineer Principal Database Development Engineer - REI Systems Ashburn, VA • 8+ years of professional IT experience in Database development, SQL Server administration and Business Intelligence Technologies with expertise on ETL processes, SQL Server 2012/2008/2008 R2/2005 and SSIS  • Good understanding of database architecture, T-SQL, database administration and maintenance  • Experienced in physical and logical database designing using ERWIN, RDBMS concepts, normalization, star schema and snowflake schema  • Sound knowledge in SQL Server Migration, SQL Server Replication, SQL Server Log-shipping, SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS), SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Always-On High Availability and sub-version controlling using tortoise SVN and Team foundation server (TFS)  • Proficient in ETL tool Pentaho Data Integration (Kettle/ Spoon)  • Expertise in performance tuning, data analysis, Installation, Configuration, Backup & Recovery, SQL server security and disaster recovery techniques  • Maintained and supported SDLC by managing DDL/DML operations and supported build releases  • Experience in performance tuning T-SQL scripts and stored procedures using indexing, SQL server tuning advisor, SQL Server Profiler, and have good understanding of execution plans  • Automated SQL Server Transactional Replication by designing data model and automated stored procedures  • Experience in PSQL (PostgreSQL)  • Experience in Azure (Microsoft Cloud) data factory and azure sql development  • Excellent client communication skills and expert in operation and production support Work Experience Principal Database Development Engineer REI Systems September 2011 to Present • Lead database team, by providing technical support and maintaining database processes  • Requirement analysis, evaluation and documenting the enhancements and findings for the Grants Management System of Health Resources and Service Administration (HRSA) Electronic Handbook (EHBs)  • Designing databases using Erwin and SQL server management studio for different modules of EHBs as per the requirements documented in JAMA Contour while following company standards and best practices  • Database development including stored procedures, user defined functions, triggers, and transact SQL (t-SQL) programming in the vicinity of coding best practices  • Version controlling, SDLC (Tortoise SVN, JIRA) and perform build releases  • Providing admin support by maintaining SQL server jobs, Maintenance plans, SQL server installations, SQL server migration, performance tuning, replication, log shipping, Server management  • Ad-hoc reports development (SSMS, MS Excel) for health system data captured using concepts like CTE, Pivots, XML querying  • Developing ETLs by creating packages and data migration scripts  • Administering SQL Server Security by maintaining users, logins and database roles  • Writing scripts for UI upgrades and data model changes, maintain data model and data dictionary  • Configuring and maintaining database and system alerts using database mail and windows schedule tasks  • Providing production support for the modules which are already deployed in production using JIRA system  • Developing and deploying SSIS packages in both SQL server and File system on both utility and production environments  • Performing quarterly infrastructure analysis, capacity planning and recommendations Intern - IT Support The Shams Group May 2011 to September 2011 • Provided Database Administration, development and infrastructure Support  • Performed SQL Server and Data Migration  • Resolved SQL and Operating System related issues for live servers / Production servers  • Handled space issues / Server management  • Developed stored Procedures / Functions / Views / Triggers  • Monitored SQL Server Agent jobs and E-Page ticketing system (TSG's Client error handling system)  • Performed troubleshooting and resolved SSIS and SQL server job errors. Database Analyst / Developer Center of Information Technology and Management - Dallas, TX January 2011 to May 2011 at The University of Texas at Dallas. (January 2011 to May 2011)  Position: Database Analyst / Developer.  Client: Ericsson.    • Gathered requirements and accordingly designed the database system for IMOP (Interactive Method of Procedure) using SQL server 2005  • Developed ETL processes using various SQL tools like SSIS and SSMS  • Developed T-SQL scripts, Stored procedures, triggers, functions, views and generated ad-hoc reports  • Supported Performance tuning and Database management Microsoft SQL Server Database Administrator Clover InfoTech Private Limited March 2008 to June 2009 Clients worked with: Edelweiss India Private Limited, Ambit, Euronet Pvt ltd, Paternoster, Angel Broking, MFGlobal, Kotak Securities.    • Created and tuned Stored Procedures, Views, Functions, Triggers and T-SQL programs  • Performed SQL Server migrations and provided backup restore strategy per client requirement  • Provided live production Support to clients for MS SQL Server 2000, MS SQL Server 2005.  • Provided database administration services like Installations, Configuration and Maintenance of SQL server environments, service pack upgrades  • Managed DTS / SSIS Packages, Logins, Users, Database Roles and SQL server security management  • Managed SQL server agent jobs, maintenance plans and windows jobs  • Supported index management in offload hours  • Implemented and monitored disaster recovery strategies like Log-shipping and Replication  • Worked on Data analysis and Reporting using SSRS and MS Excel tools like PIVOT, VLookup etc  • Performed File group management, space management and Infrastructure analysis    Awards & Recognitions:  • GEM (Going Extra Mile) award (February 2017: Corporate level award)  • GEM (Going Extra Mile) award (March 2015: Corporate level award)  • On the spot award (September 2014: Team level award)  • GEM (Going Extra Mile) award (February 2014: Corporate level award)  • On the spot award (August 2013: Team level award) Education M.S. The University of Texas at Dallas - Dallas, TX August 2011 B.E. in Electronics Engineering University of Mumbai Skills MS ACCESS, MS SQL SERVER, MS SQL SERVER 2000, MS SQL SERVER 2005, MS SQL SERVER 2008, Sql Dba, DBA Additional Information Skills Summary:  Databases: MS SQL Server 2012, MS SQL Server 2008 R2, MS SQL Server 2005, MS SQL Server 2000, MS Access, PostgreSQL (PGAdmin)  Languages Known: T-SQL, XQuery, HTML, XML and UML  Other Tools: ERWIN, Visual Studio, Microsoft Visio, Tortoise SVN, MS Office, BIDS, SQL Server Profiler, JAMA Contour, Pentaho Data Integration (Keetle / Spoon), Oracle SQL developer, PGAdmin  Others: Entity Relationship Diagram, Relational Modelling, Normalization, Object Oriented concepts, Spreadsheet Modeling, JIRA
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\105.html#58:::Business Analyst;Database Administrator;Junior Database Administrator;HTML (Less than 1 year);JAVA (Less than 1 year);MICROSOFT OFFICE (Less than 1 year);MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year);ORACLE (Less than 1 year);SQL Server Administration (5 years):::Business Analyst Business Analyst Information Technology Professional Houston, PA I am an experienced IT professional looking for an opportunity to work hands on with internal and external customers to provide problem solving solutions. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Business Analyst Crown Castle - Canonsburg, PA June 2015 to April 2017 Provided information analysis and reporting services for the in-house  engineering wing.  Tasks included creation, management, and optimization of reports regarding production levels and overall trends within the department. Worked closely with  management to provide technical knowledge and advise on process improvement  decisions. Database Administrator RDX - Pittsburgh, PA May 2013 to June 2015 Supported hundreds of databases over 12 clients within numerous fields  including health-care, retail and manufacturing. Junior Database Administrator RDX - Pittsburgh, PA June 2012 to May 2013 Completed design, administrative, and maintenance tasks for over 400 clients. Education BS in Information Sciences and Technology The Pennsylvania State University - University Park, PA Skills HTML (Less than 1 year), JAVA (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT OFFICE (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year), ORACLE (Less than 1 year), SQL Server Administration (5 years) Links http://ryanmcclenathan.weebly.com Additional Information SKILLS:  Share Point T-SQL SQL Design Principles  Project management Visual Basic Web applications  Microsoft Office Java Script HTML  Direct Client Interactions Oracle Team building  Webfocus Critical Analysis XML
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1050.html#59:::SQL Database Administrator;SQL Server DBA;Sql server;Sql;Citrix;Vmware;Server administration;Sql Dba;ETL;DBA;Ssis;RAC;Sql Database:::SQL Database Administrator SQL <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> SQL Database Administrator - SouthCoast Health Savannah, GA Database Administrator with 8 years' experience in the design, implementation and maintenance of SQL Server solutions in an Enterprise environment. A highly motivated, self-directed, detail-oriented, reliable, responsible, self-motivated leader, team player, and an avid listener with excellent interpersonal skills. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience SQL Database Administrator SouthCoast Health - Savannah, GA January 2018 to Present • Oversaw the day-to-day operation associated with database performance across various applications (i.e. HRMS, EMR, PM, Merge, etc.) with focus on Performance & Tuning, Production Support, & Project Delivery.  • Assisted in developing a more cohesive backup & recovery strategy for the organization.  • Analyzed tables in the database to establish knowledge of data for accurate retrieval and use in reports and other business processes.  • Exhibited deep understanding of how the SQL Query process works related to indexes and execution plans related to SQL statistics.  • Executed Microsoft SQL maintenance standards and plans with the backup and recovery options.  • Utilized available SQL Server tools, SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS), SSIS, SSRS, & Excel to provide technical feedback and reports for additional operational support/decision making.  • Assisted in planning, coordinating and consulting with vendors and clients for hardware/software purchases, product services and support.  • Utilized Solarwinds to conduct Database Performance Analysis to ascertain the health of databases & review error logs.  • Created and aligned a stable database environment with a solid storage plan and operation.  • Proactively monitored space usage and other resources specific to SQL database environment  • Provided expert counsel on capacity planning and monitoring database growth  • Managed all databases using SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS) and other third-party tools.  • Identified, clarified, and resolved project activity issues and risks, escalating them as needed.  • Technically versed with configuring a Citrix environment  • Facilitated and instituted the creation of standard operating procedures & best practices of all database services group within the organization  • Reviewed technical documentation to verify compliance/alignment with company's infrastructure.  • Responsible for database design and implementation, including all elements of database security implementation, user management and maintenance  • Remained current regarding hardware/software products for system and support improvements.  • Employed my pro-active and reactive performance analysis, monitoring, and troubleshooting skills in ensuring the timely resolution of issues at all times.  • Made an effort to understand all application (SQL & Non-SQL) requirements within the SouthCoast Health enterprise  • Experienced with Business Intelligence Solutions  • Assisted and provided support to technology department staff leadership and staff, as needed to ensure customer care is achieved at the highest level - system monitoring, special projects, user support, & specialized trainings.  • Ensured primary support personnel is updated in real time when there is a disaster or system updates/upgrades that causes a down time that impacts the user community.  • Communicated with and assisted physicians, coworkers & all staff members in a professional and courteous manner  • Attended staff and additional required meetings, training, conferences and workshops beneficial to organization's goals.  • Maintained confidentiality of corporate information as seen in normal course of job performance.  • Performed or assist with other tasks or projects as assigned by supervisor.  • Participated in team round-table meetings and discussions about technical issues within the environment and pioneered appropriate solutions to those issues.  • Always open to new knowledge and research on best practices in the database management industry SQL Server DBA ATC Healthcare Services - Upper Marlboro, MD April 2012 to January 2018 • Provided sole 24x7 global, technical and data leadership support and troubleshooting for 50+ instances of Microsoft SQL Server version 2005, 2008 R2 and 2012 to the data operations group team and the organization.  • Architect, installed, configured, optimized and managed enterprise-wide SQL Server 2005, 2008 R2 and 2012 instances and ensured peak efficiency of all data-related activities for MS SQL RDBMS environments.  • Experience managing small to large scale SQL implementations. Ranging from small departmental systems to large scale mission critical SAP SQL Server implementations. Including multiple 1.5TB+ databases with high resource and high availability requirements.  • Upgraded SQL environment of 50+ instances on multiple occasions. From SQL 2005 to 2008 in 2012 and from SQL 2008R2 to SQL 2012 in 2014 and SQL 2012 to SQL 2016 in 2017.  • Restored database from backup files.  • Routinely maintained compliance by completing all company required trainings by the established deadline.  • Routinely worked with system developers and other members of IT to coordinate current and future plans and activities as it relates to providing technical assistance needed to facilitate development projects that involve the computing environment, the coordination of software upgrades, periodic operating system and software patching/updates and the installation of new products.  • Applied SQL Server Service Packs and Cumulative Updates as required.  • Setup and managed Windows and SQL Server clustering for mission critical physical systems and Symantec's Application HA for virtual SQL Servers to ensure high availability.  • Maintained database performance and availability by identifying and resolving production and application development issues.  • Implemented and managed SQL Server disaster recovery solutions using native and Quest Litespeed SQL backup and log shipping. Performed point-in-time database restores as needed. Performed successful annual SQL Server disaster recovery test for the past 5 years - failing over mission critical SQL Server databases from Maryland to Syracuse, NY.  • Consolidated the corporate SQL environment from 50 SQL instances down to 35 SQL instances. This reduced administrator management overhead and SQL licensing requirements.  • Supported SQL Server virtualization project. Resulting in a 60% SQL Server virtualization rate and much greater server resource utilization without noticeable performance degradation. Budget constraints for host resources stopped this project from achieving 100% virtualization.  • Performed routine database migrations to support database refreshes from production to test and database consolidation efforts.  • Monitored systems and captured performance data to look for tuning opportunities using the following tools - PolyMon, Perfmon data collection sets, PAL, SQL trace, SQL Nexus, Clear Trace, diagnostic DMVs, SQL Sentry's Plan Explorer, Idera's SQL diagnostic Manager for critical systems, homegrown monitoring for systems without budget for a vendor solution.  • Setup automation with SQL Agent and Database Mail for maintenance, error alerting and job failures by using best practice techniques as currently applicable industry-wide.  • Experienced in setting up and managing transactional replication.  • SSIS experience - Developed and managed a SSIS data import/export solution for a data logging application which captured the local ATC Healthcare telemetry data. Use SSIS for data import/export operations. Help developers troubleshoot SSIS package issues. Upgraded developer SSIS packages from SQL 2005 to 2008 R2 to 2012.  • Set up and configured SSRS. Created and deployed reports from BIDs. Provided access to SSRS reports.  • EMC storage experience on CX3-80, CX4-80 and VNX 5500: Setup host connectivity to SAN. Designed overall SAN storage with a focus on SQL Server performance. Worked with storage pools, virtual provisioning, FAST and FAST Cache. Created luns and assigned to hosts according to best practices. Monitored overall SAN performance and capacity using Navisphere Analyzer.  • Experienced with Vmware: Creating virtual machine templates, deploying virtual machines, assigning/editing guest hardware resources, setting guest reservations, v-motion guests, updating Vmware tools, setting host into maintenance and shutting down to perform hardware maintenance, monitoring guest and host utilization. Work with Symantec's Application HA for SQL high availability in a virtual environment.  • Provided data center support - hardware vendor support, swapping server and storage hardware, racking servers, cabling, building maintenance management.    ENVIRONMENT Education CERTIFICATE IN INFORMATION ASSURANCE University of Maryland University College - Largo, MD December 2020 MASTER in INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY University of Maryland University College - Largo, MD May 2020 BACHELOR OF HEALTH in HEALTH CARE MANAGEMENT Howard University - Washington, DC May 2017 Skills Sql server, Sql, Citrix, Vmware, Server administration, Sql Dba, ETL, DBA, Ssis, RAC, Sql Database
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1051.html#60:::Application, Database & Security Administrator;Desktop Support Specialist;cloud administration (2 years);Microsoft Azure (2 years);System Administration (6 years);It Service Management (10+ years);Sql Server:::Application, Database & Security Administrator Application, <span class="hl">Database</span> &amp; Security <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Application, Database & Security Administrator - ORIENTAL BANK Carolina, PR Applications, Security and System Administrator with more than 10 years experience in various industries. Challenge Seeker with strong problem solving and personal skills. bilingual: Spanish and English. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Application, Database & Security Administrator ORIENTAL BANK - San Juan, PR January 2016 to Present • Manage servers in VMWare and Microsoft Azure as well as design and configure snapshots and other servers. Administer and maintain the database on SQL 2012.  • Manage Moveit application; verifying all data movement is processed correctly. Create FTP workflow while solving problems from the application.  • Customized phone calls reports from Variphy application extracting data from the Cisco Unified system. Update auto collection data files and workflows into the Akcelerant system.  • Power Bi Reporting creator and Change audit monitoring  • Collaborate with the team to ensure continuous maintenance is performed on MacAfee EPO Server console using different systems and tools such as BigFix.  • Azure cloud administration, create VM machine, security center, budget monitoring and all cloud system  • Oversee the Intranet administration by making changes and installing plugins with confluence platform. Desktop Support Specialist ORIENTAL BANK - San Juan, PR May 2012 to January 2016 • Maintained and repaired hardware, software, technical equipment (cell phones and iPads) and domain servers to support users at all levels of the organization.  • Managed the 10 IBM X Serie and Dell domain servers with local and web applications  • Configured, installed and maintained the Lyricall Call Center Server, the Cisco VOIP system and the NACAR Branch server.  • Troubleshot and resolve network issues, email system issues and all bank operations applications and systems issues. Education BBA in Business Administration and Information Systems UNIVERSITY ANA. G MENDEZ - Piedras, PR, US AD in Electric and Industrial Electronic Technician & Electrical Technician Assistant License LICEO DE ARTE Y TECNOLOGÍA - Piedras, PR, US Skills cloud administration (2 years), Microsoft Azure (2 years), System Administration (6 years), It Service Management (10+ years), Sql Server Additional Information Certifications / Trainings    u  NPP Certified Nutanix Platform Professional         u MCP Microsoft Certified Professional      u Citrix Xen App 7.5 Training                                    u MCST Microsoft Certified System  u Cisco CCENT-CCNA Training                              Technology Server 2008                       u Microsoft Azure Training                                   u CNDP Certified Network Defense Professional  u VMware vSphere 5.5 VCP5-DCV Training          u CCFI Certified Cybercrime Forensic Investigator
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1052.html#61:::SQL Database Administrator;SQL Database Administrator;SQL Server DBA;Monitored Database Servers, Databases, Agent;ADO;DATA MODELING;DATABASE;DATABASE DESIGN;ADO.NET;SQL SERVER;MYSQL;ODBC;ORACLE;POSTGRESQL;REPLICATION;SQL;STORED PROCEDURES;SSRS;T-SQL;CLUSTERING;METADATA;MONGODB;RAID;IIS;Sql Dba:::SQL Database Administrator SQL <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> SQL Database Administrator - MetLife Queens, NY Certified Database Admin with over 5 years of IT experience in SQL Server Database Administration, Management and Support of Microsoft MS SQL Server 2016, 2014, 2012 and 2008 R2, in Development, Test and Production Environments on various business domains. Strong understanding and implementing the business logic like RPO, RTO, SLA, System Design, Database Design, SDLC, and Database Administration, Design, Monitoring, Troubleshooting. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience SQL Database Administrator MetLife - New York, NY July 2017 to Present Major Responsibilities:    * Installation: Installed, Configured, and Managed SQL Server 2016, 2014, 2012, 2008 R2, & 2005 in Development, Test and Production Servers.  * Patch Management: Applied SP (Service Pack) and HOT Fixes on SQL Server Database Servers SQL Database Administrator African Development Foundation - Washington, DC January 2016 to June 2017 Core Responsibilities:    * Migrated and Upgraded from SQL Server 2005 to 2008 R2/2012  * Configured database software, associated database tools and performance monitoring software.  * Performed database/infrastructure physical design, database upgrades & applied software patches to databases as per application/client requirements.  * Customized support for Client's Applications and provided client will won the responsibility of creating and maintaining database objects and structures such as tables, indexes, views, triggers, Functions, Procedures.  * Developed & maintained scripts, utility jobs or implement needed software for database maintenance.  * Implemented & managed database clustering, failover and load balance technologies as per client requirement.  * Developed, tested & implemented a robust database backup and recovery strategy with client assistance.  * Monitored data activities such as database status, logs, space utilization, extents, Checkpoints, locks and long transactions.  * Suggested Application level tuning changes for code, queries, SQL objects that may not be performing up to the optimum database performance standards.  * Adhered to Change Control Procedures and developed & executed scripted changes requests in accordance with change control procedures.  * Implemented MS SQL Cluster (Active/Passive & Active/Active), Multi Node Cluster up to 8 Node.  * Handled Logical Data and Index partitioning for large tables in SQL Server 2005, 2008 R2 & 2012  * Created, administered & maintained SQL Server Databases to Production, Development, Test and Staging Environment for various groups such as Developer, QA, BA, and User.  * Managed security by defining roles and rights.  * Handled Fine Tuning Operating System in-coordination with Server and Network Administrator to utilize the maximum resources for Database and Applications.  * Monitored the database server performance and if required go for tuning of the TSQL queries, Stored procedures.  * Working individually, as a member of a team, and lead small teams to collaboratively design and model systems at a high level prior to construction. SQL Server DBA 3 Bank - Cincinnati, OH January 2014 to December 2015 Major Responsibilities:  * Configured, Installed, and Maintained SQL Server 2005, 2008 & 2012 in development, test, and production environment  * Installed and Configured Operating Systems, Windows Server 2003 R2 & 2008R2  * Installed and Configured SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)  * Configured and Maintained Replications, Log Shipping  * Upgraded databases from SQL Server 2005 to SQL Server 2012 in testing and production environment  * Applied SP (Service Pack) and patches on SQL Server 2005, 2008, 2012, Windows Server 2003R2 Enterprise Edition  * Expertise in database Performance tuning  * Writing T-SQL and Stored-Procedures  * Strong working experience in creating, modifying tables, Index (Cluster/Non-Cluster), Constraints (Unique/Check), Views, Stored Procedures, Triggers  * Data Modeling, developing E-R Diagram using ERWin and SQL Server Data Diagram  * Backward & Forward Engineering with data modeling tools mentioned above  * Export & Import data from Flat file, CSV file, Oracle, and Access to/from SQL Server Database using DTS, SSIS, and BCP  * Generated Report using SSRS and in Excel, html, text from Database as well  * Working experience in Database Backup, Restore and Point-in-Time Recovery  * Scheduled jobs to automate different database related activities including backup, monitoring database health, disk space, and backup verification.  * Developed Different Maintenance Plans for database monitoring  * Monitor Server Activity, Error Log, space usage, and solving problem as needed. Monitored Database Servers, Databases, Agent Database Migrated 2008 to 2012 Migrated from SQL Server to SQL Server & MySQL to MS SQL.  * Database Monitoring: Monitored Database Servers, Databases, Agent, Jobs log files  * Backup/Recovery: Setup jobs and troubleshoot jobs related to backup, Recovered Database in point-in-time.  * Used DBCC and DMV for different purposes  * Created, Modified, and Managed Indexes (Clustered/Non-Clustered, Simple, Composite), Constraints  * Performance Tuning: Worked on performance tuning to improve performance for different applications, SQL/TSQL code using different Performance tools such as Query Execution plan, Database Tuning Advisor, Profiler, Monitoring Lock/block/dead lock Sessions.  * Database High Availability: Installed, Configured and Managed Database Mirroring, Log Shipping, Replications, Always On Availability group and clustering  * Data Modeling: Worked on Data modeling projects for new system and reddening existing system, have used data modeling tools ERWin, performed Backward & Forward Engineering for data modeling  * Database Programming: Wrote T-SQL, and simple Stored-Procedures for reports, and applications. Education Bachelor's Skills ADO, DATA MODELING, DATABASE, DATABASE DESIGN, ADO.NET, SQL SERVER, MYSQL, ODBC, ORACLE, POSTGRESQL, REPLICATION, SQL, STORED PROCEDURES, SSRS, T-SQL, CLUSTERING, METADATA, MONGODB, RAID, IIS, Sql Dba
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1053.html#62:::Scrum Master;Scrum Master;Oracle Database Administrator;Jira;Database;Oracle;Forecasting;Capacity planning;Agile Scrum;Certified Scrum Master:::Scrum Master Scrum Master Scrum Master - Connections Education LLC Silver Spring, MD I have 5 years of hands-on experience of Agile Methodology and have worked on Agile frameworks such as Scrum, Kanban and SAFe as a Certified Scrum Master. Prior to becoming a Scrum Master, I worked as a database admin. My 7+ overall years of experience in an IT environment, dealing with multiple software life cycles from concept, design, development, testing and delivery have given me seasoned experience as a Scrum Master. I am a goal-oriented and results-driven individual with outstanding professional capabilities, and I am authorized to work in the USA for any employer. Work Experience Scrum Master Connections Education LLC - Columbia, MD April 2017 to Present • Oversaw the frameworks used in the app creation.  • Suggested Ionic framework because of its efficiency and fast to market environment.  • Held daily stand up meetings, backlog grooming and retrospective meetings to track the project progress.  • Improved team velocity by incorporating capacity planning into sprint planning sessions.  • Removed team impediments daily to allow the team to deliver the sprint goals and deliverables  • Created business requirement documents and acted as the liaison between the business and software development team during high-level review sessions to drive and execute action plans, meet deadlines and industry standards.  • Liaison between developers and project stakeholders; fostering quality communication between engineering disciplines.  • Coordinated all Scrum Ceremonies including Sprint Planning, Daily Standups, Sprint retrospectives, Sprint Demos, Story Grooming and Release Planning.  • Worked on business survey modernization.  • Worked with contracting team to make sure contracting team performed per the estimated velocity to deliver product on time.  • Managed all Scrum boards and documented Sprint backlog items and tasks using JIRA.  • Tracked and communicated team velocity and other development metrics and to all affected teams and management.  • Removed all obstacles that may interfere with the ability of teams to deliver assigned goals Scrum Master Xerox Corporation - Rochester, NY May 2014 to April 2017 • Spearheaded Agile/ Scrum implementation plan to move Xerox from Waterfall to Scrum to further the organization's streamlined approach to software development  • Trained the entire Xerox Department of Human Resources (DHR) apps group, and parts of the State of MD in Scrum to better understand agile practices and principles  • Contributed to the authorship of PMO artifacts such as the Xerox Project Charter that redefined the organization's role within the Agile Framework going forward  • Coordinated Scrum ceremonies: Sprint Planning, Daily Scrum, Sprint Review (Demo), Retrospectives, Backlog Refinement to ensure continuous inspection and adaption of software development lifecycle  • Identified impediments and dysfunctions to the teams and the Agile/ Scrum process within organization to limit transitional setbacks and maximize team output  • Negotiated feature and deliverable scope and schedule through excellent client (Product Owner) management to ensure a quality finished product  • Engaged clients, stakeholders and end users to incorporate usability and interface needs in the design to make certain delivered product reflects exact specifications  • Organized and scheduled training of internal and remote users in Agile/ Scrum methodology. Oracle Database Administrator New York Times - Manhattan, NY March 2011 to February 2014 • Implemented two types of standby databases supported by Data Guard, logical standby and physical standby databases in 11gR2 on two node RAC  • Have hands on experience in Hot/Cold Backups, Recovery and Cloning of databases using RMAN with VERITAS Net Backup and Commvault.  • Implemented Active Data guard, creating both Logical and Physical Standby databases in 10g, 11gRAC & 12C environment for production databases.  • Configured and managed Data Guard extensively for Production databases of sizes ranging from 50GB to 5TB.  • Experience in Installing OEM 12c Cloud Control and upgrading the 11g management agents to 12c agents.  • Cloning/duplication of database with RMAN and user-managed (hot/cold) backups.  • Migration of databases to 12C from Oracle 10g and 11g.  • Implemented and maintained Oracle 11g Data Guard/standby databases for fail-over purposes.  • Also worked on Network data encryption to improve security and also implemented SSL wallet to secure connections.  • Developed RMAN backup strategies for cloning the test databases with the production environment and worked on RMAN active-active duplication.  • Experience with Logical backups EXPDP/IMPDP extensively used for Re-hosting the application using Golden Gate and worked with conventional EXP/IMP for migrating data from 9i to 10G.  • Scheduled RMAN backups, purge jobs, Maintenance Jobs using DBMS_JOBS, DBMS_SCHEDULER, Crontab and $UNIVERSE.  • Designed and implemented different backup strategies like Cold, Hot, RMAN with Flash Recovery Area and Logical Backups EXPDP/IMPDP.    Tools/Utilities Used: Oracle RMAN, Toad, OEM, DBMS STATS, Data pump, SQL TRACE, TKPROF, Education Bachelor's in Math and Computer Science University of Buea - Buea October 2004 to September 2007 Skills Jira, Database, Oracle, Forecasting, Capacity planning, Agile Scrum, Certified Scrum Master
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1054.html#63:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator (DBA);Senior Database Administrator;Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Administrator;Database;Sql server;Mysql;Oracle;Sql;Rman;Backups;Aix;Linux;Shell scripting;Unix;Unix shell;Pvcs;Scripting;Cvs;Version control;Oem;Import/export;Sql Dba;DBA:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - FedEx Supply Chain Pittsburgh, PA Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator FedEx Supply Chain - Cranberry, PA November 2015 to Present Managed Oracle database administration assignments for diverse industry clients. Enhance database performs restores, implement recovery procedures, handle performance tuning, cloning and conduct regular system backups.  • Trained to provide accurate resolution and root cause by independently investigate, analyze and troubleshoot problem.  • Installed, configured and administered oracle 10g, 11g, 12c Oracle RAC and Non RAC database on Linux and Aix machines.  • Maintenance of production database and development database which includes table space management, user creation, and privileges, roles. Support RMAN backup and recovery including physical backups and logical backups by using data pump (Export/Import) tool.  • Experience in creating and maintaining Oracle cloud databases (OCI), Configured OEM 13.3 on OCI servers to monitor databases on cloud environment.  • Maintained and configured and Oracle Data-guard for 11g, 12c databases.  • Installed and configured OEM 13.3 and worked on Auto patching using Enterprise Manager 13.3.  • Hands on experience in Oracle 11g/12c RAC implementation & administration (Oracle Cluster-ware setup and configuration, RAC installation using ASM, Grid Installation).  • Provided High Availability (HA) and Disaster Recovery (DR) solutions to maintain business data integrity.  • Experience in applying Oracle (psu/cpu) patches using Mos/Metalink to ensure database availability, reliability, accessibility, scalability and security.  • Monitor and fully analyze performance issues in production Oracle databases by using awr/ash/gathering statistics/oem 13c.  • Responsible for installing, upgrading, patching and configuring the Oracle database 10g, 11g and 12c environment.  • Experience in User Management and database security by granting appropriate Roles, Privileges and Profiles.  • Performed day to day dba activities such as monitoring SQL Server health, job status, addressing user requirements.  • Took responsibility of maintaining the SQL Server instances to ensure software is properly installed, security patches were applied and upgrades were done.  • Experience in writing Unix Shell Scripts.  • Administered and troubleshooting WebLogic issues and WebSphere issues.  • Responsible to handle Oracle, SQL server and MySQL databases.  • Experience in handling web-logic and 12c forms and reports issue.  • Installed and configured Oracle Golden Gate on 11g/12c database for data replication. Oracle Database Administrator (DBA) Natsoft corporation - Somerset, NJ March 2015 to November 2015 Database Administrador  • Maintained and responsible for upgrading oracle 10g, 11g & 12c databases.  • Responsible to minimize downtimes on applications by storing daily backups/exports of database into disk/tape systems. Set up and maintained backup procedures for database using RMAN.  • Participated in team building and certification projects impacting database platform with goal of delivering and implementing a reliable solution to support or enhance infrastructure.  • Experience with Oracle ebs 11i & R12 Administration.  • Perform backups and recovery, loaded data into development, UAT, and Test databases to resolve any performance issues that arises, as well as blocking issues, snapshots failures, and replication problems.  • Respond to production issues accurately and in timely manner.  • Experienced in handling TKPROF, SQL_TRACE, Optimizer modes, Optimizer hints, Gathering statistics, and stats pack for tuning database.  • Created database users, manage permissions, roles and enabled database auditing for security. Senior Database Administrator Sherwin-Williams - Kuala-Lumpur February 2014 to January 2015 • Provided 24/7 Production support and troubleshooting user issues  • Experience in Database Refresh and patch management and in Database cloning with RMAN and manual methods.  • Maintained Oracle 11g Active/standby data guard.  • Installed and configured Oracle E-Business Suite 11i & R12.  • Successfully upgraded Oracle database from 10g to 11g.  • Created User accounts, Roles and granting required access permissions and privileges to the users.  • Generated scripts for daily maintenance activity like analyzing the tables/indexes, and monitoring their growth rate.  • Coordinated with developers and users connecting to different databases, setting policy and procedures as they relate to database maintenance, security, backup & recovery, SQL coding guide lines. Database Administrator OSI consulting - Hyderabad, Telangana November 2012 to December 2013 • Installed and configured Oracle E-Business Suite 11i & R12.  • Experienced in Installing, Patching of Oracle DB and Applications.  • Managed RMAN backups and alert monitoring.  • Resolved performance issues related to long running queries, sessions, and DB locks.  • Managed database alert log files and trace files for any error messages.  • Managed users, privileges, profiles & schemas using Grid Control of Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM). Oracle Database Administrator Y-brant Digital - Hyderabad, Telangana May 2012 to October 2013 Oracle Administrator 3k Technologies - Hyderabad, Telangana July 2010 to April 2012 Education Bachelor of Technology in Technology JAWAHARLAL NEHRU TECHNOLOGICAL UNIVERSITY - Hyderabad, Telangana 2007 Skills Database, Sql server, Mysql, Oracle, Sql, Rman, Backups, Aix, Linux, Shell scripting, Unix, Unix shell, Pvcs, Scripting, Cvs, Version control, Oem, Import/export, Sql Dba, DBA Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/harshaa0347 Additional Information Core competencies include:  • Oracle DBA 9i, 10g, 11g & 12c • Oracle Enterprise Manager 12c and 13c  • Oracle 11g/12c RAC & ASM Administration • Data pump and Import/Export Utilities  • RMAN Backups & Recovery • Oracle Data Guard  • Oracle Cloud (OCI) • Oracle Golden Gate  • SQL Server database 2012 & 2014 • MySQL database  • Performing Tuning and Capacity Monitoring • Oracle Sql Developer and TOAD    Technology Snapshot: Oracle (12c, 11g, 10g, & 9i), Oracle Cloud (OCI), Oracle RAC, ASM, Opatch, ad-patch, OEM 13c, 12c & 11g, RMAN, Export & Import, Solar winds, UNIX shell scripting, SQL, SQL/PL, IBM AIX, UNIX, LINUX, Windows, Quest Toad, SQL developer, PVCS, and CVS version control.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1055.html#64:::DEVOPS DBA;Independent SQL Consultant;Contract DBA;Database Specialist;Senior Database Administrator;Database Contractor;Lead resource in support of sector;Database consultant/BI Architect;ESOC SQL Database Administrator III;Production Database Administrator;Sr SQL Server Support Engineer:::DEVOPS DBA DEVOPS DBA Charlotte, NC Looking for new opportunities: Senior Data Engineer/ Database Specialist/ Database Manager    DATABASE SYSTEMS  MS SQL Server (2017-2000), MS SQL BI Stack (SSIS, SSAS, SSRS), MySQL, TSQL, Replication (Snapshot, Merge, Transactional), data modeling, data warehouse design and implementation, ETL processing, TDE, data ingestion. SQL Server Active/Passive clustering (2000-2005). Multi-node fail-over clustering (2008). High availability groups (2012). VLDB. Microsoft Master Data Services.    SOFTWARE/SCRIPTING/TOOLS  MS Power BI, PowerShell, Python, PERL, Visual Studio, Cacti, Red Gate SQL suite, SQL Sentry, BI Sentry, MS Extended Events, MS Visual Studio/Team Foundation Server, Git    OS/PLATFORMS  Windows 2008/2012/2014 Server, MS Clustering, NetApp Snap Manager, EMC SAN/replication manager, Active Directory Services, AD Management tools, WSUS, VMWare, Azure Work Experience DEVOPS DBA XPO Logistics - Charlotte, NC June 2018 to May 2019 Leading database development operations for large-scale business intelligence effort. Participate and define change management (methods and deliverables) to document and audit Devops process execution. Supporting a diverse AGILE team across the globe while providing precision technical guidance in triage situations. Institute and manage industry best practices and standards to increase performance of large multi file SQL Server 2016-17 data repositories. Enforce data governance, regulatory, security, and compliance protocols. Recommend and participate in the analysis, evaluation, and collaboration of strategic plans to ensure DevOps Architecture objectives are consistent with the enterprise's long-term business/technical objectives. Shared oversight during large production migration; division SSAS and MSSQL (2016) to individual instances increasing concurrent performance and multi-threaded processing. Administration and optimization of slowly changing dimensions (type 2), ETLFramework, and complex multi path SSIS solutions. Design and maintain Entity/Hierarchies within Master Data Services to catalogue cross unit and newly acquired business meta data. Independent SQL Consultant January 2017 to June 2018 Promoted industry best practices and standards to increase performance, security, and availability of databases. Create, maintain, and execute SQL Server jobs (ETL, automation, data ingestion, encryption). Critical feedback to design solutions with extensibility and scalability to support future needs. Provide post-implementation support, including, but not limited to, monitoring application performance and debugging existing code. Extensive DBA systems experience with high availability databases utilizing clustering, replication, log shipping and real-time monitoring. Contract DBA OIT- State of Colorado - Denver, CO August 2016 to November 2016 Build and test Azure VMs, IaaS(Infrastructure as service). Plan and manage production upgrades from 2008 to MS Azure. Design and implement AD security model for HCPF (health care policy and finance) department. Administration of code, schema updates for state benefit application. Optimizing SSRS reports, SQL queries. Database Specialist Medtronic - Boulder, CO July 2015 to May 2016 SQL Server SME, SSRS, Replication. Develop and manage remote installation process of Vital Sync (Clinical Respiratory Monitoring Platform). Interface with prospective customers in a presale capacity. Support the delivery of HL7 interfaces for ADT. Encryption, decryption, ingestion, and collection of data points from clients across the US (and the world) in accordance with requisite industry standards for electronic data exchange (ANSI X12). Manage alert reporting and results reporting for Vital Sync with various EMR system. Create and customize reports (SSRS), adhoc. Remotely audit client hardware and software to comply with the Vital Sync application's pre-requisites. Implement new tools and technologies that in the RPM space. Train junior team members to install, implement, customize the Vital Sync platform. Troubleshoot client production issues; resolve or escalate them as appropriate. Communicate with software architects, director, and client partners daily/weekly project status and planning updates. Test and tune hardware/software to keep pace with the healthcare industry standards including HIPAA. Senior Database Administrator LenderLive - Glendale, CO, US February 2015 to July 2015 Supporting six lines of business within the mortgage sector- production, UAT, development. Design, maintain, and troubleshoot divergent, transactional replication streams across local and national data centers. Utilize PowerShell to automate and augment OS and SQL Server functionality. Architecture and scalability design leader. Database Contractor Ball Aerospace - Lafayette, CO February 2014 to June 2014 Responsible for the administration of development and production SQL Server with version ranging from 2000 to 2012. Performed troubleshooting, disaster recovery, and database refresh across environments. Managed the security model, change control, and emergency release patches. Performed in place SQL engine and data repository upgrades. Automated code deployment via PowerShell scripting. Supported the Business Intelligence team to implement and manage the nightly ETL. Designed and managed a number of SSRS instances including a 2012 load balanced platform to support both Oracle and SQL data sources. Coached report designers on best practices while troubleshooting data quality concerns. Lead resource in support of sector Northrop Grumman - Newport News, VA April 2013 to February 2014 wide project to develop a new Command and Control platform for USAF. Designed, implemented, and maintained SQL Server 2008 R2 multi-node, virtualized clusters. These active nodes housed 60+ databases: Sharepoint content, COTS, and custom internal repositories. Advised the application and java teams across deploying unique project builds (versioning). Participated in the AGILE development life-cycle including sprint planning, story writing, task planning and project coordination. Applied and documented DISA standard security measures (STIGs) on classified/unclassified machines. Implemented virtualized desktops using VSphere; administered VMware virtual servers. Database consultant/BI Architect Polypore, Inc - Charlotte, NC May 2012 to September 2012 Developed an enterprise 'job' architecture with the Active Batch tool-set. Supported the primary DBA ands provided SQL administration/advice on diverse projects including SQL Analysis Services, SQL Reporting Services, and Microsoft Dynamics AX. Performed deep troubleshooting and analyzed poor performing production systems. Communicated upgrade recommendation to the business stakeholders. Managing ERP (star) data warehouse while designing/maintaining weekly ETL (SSIS). Customized SSRS reports to monitor bottlenecks, performance, and batch counts of the ERP databases in SQL 2008. ESOC SQL Database Administrator III Science Applications International Corporation - Charleston, SC August 2010 to April 2012 Contracted with the Department of Defense (SPAWAR), supporting various naval medical hospitals. Administered MS SQL enterprise production systems, staging, and test installations. Managed SQL based vendor application planning and integration including Blackberry Enterprise Systems and NetApp SnapTools. Directly managed the SQL upgrade from Standard 2005 to Enterprise 2008 R2 during a data plane (NetApp) refresh. Worked with the vendor to design the logical SAN fabric and corresponding physical architecture. Co-managed upgrade of large centralized Sharepoint data repository from v2007 to v2010. Migrated 1+ terabytes of data from RAID 5 to new NetApp SAN fabric. Production Database Administrator Employment Security Commission - Raleigh, NC August 2009 to February 2010 Administered all platform SQL Server's 7-through 2005. Worked closely with various internal application development groups to design and manage security, create change control procedures, and monitor servers. Developed SSIS packages to extract, transform, and load customer data from Oracle to SQL. Sr SQL Server Support Engineer Microsoft - Charlotte, NC December 2007 to January 2009 Full Case management lifecycle support: Origination of support call; scoping through closing, analysis and problem solving. Served on the 24x7 team that managed premier customers. Completed case documentation including group triage of critical issues. Education Master of Health Management Systems in Health Management Systems Duquesne University - Pittsburgh, PA 1995 Bachelor of Health in Sciences Duquesne University - Pittsburgh, PA 1994
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1056.html#65:::Oracle Database Senior Technical Engineer;Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Database;Odbc;Oracle;Pl/sql;Sql;Linux;Shell scripts;Solaris;Unix;Unix shell;C++;Html;Perl;Xml;Rman;Erwin;Tcp/ip;Ms-dos;Tcp;Java;DBA;Oracle Dba:::Oracle Database Senior Technical Engineer Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> Senior Technical Engineer Lehi, UT Over 8 years of strong experience in Oracle database administration in heterogeneous  system environment including Solaris, UNIX, and Windows, supporting a variety of  mission critical applications with Oracle 9i, 10g, 11g and 12c. Including 2 years as a  Senior Technical Support Engineer at Oracle GCS. Proven technical knowledge of  infrastructure management (network, systems), combined with outstanding leadership ability  and creative problem solving skills in both strategic and tactical areas as well as excellent  communication /documentation skills and strong aptitude to analyze and resolve  problems. Ongoing Masters in Cybersecurity Technology Class of 2020.    • Implementation of high availability solutions with Oracle 9i, 10g, 11g & 12c RAC,  Standby Database Data Guard.  • Management of schemas, objects & Partitioning the tables & indexes, USERS and  PRIVILEGES 10g OEM Grid Monitoring.  • Experience in Upgrading databases and applied patch sets to multiple databases.  • Expertise in Database Space Management, Expertise in troubleshooting and performance  tuning.  Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills, Sound judgment and use of initiative.  • Backup of Databases (Making Backup Schedules depending upon Business Strategy: Daily  Backup, weekly Backup etc.) using RMAN and other backup techniques.  • Recovery of Databases (Recovering from Media Failure, Recovering tables dropped  accidentally, Recovering data files, Recovering from Block Corruption etc.)  • Experience in using OEM, TOAD, Data Migrations using export/import.  • Experienced in using 10g features Data pump, Flash-Back Recovery, AWR, ASM,  ADDM, Grid Monitoring.  • Database performance tuning using STATPACK, Explain Plan, AWR, ADDM, ASH.  • Experience on working with data guard physical standby databases.  • Extensive performance tuning experience, specializing in tuning, Oracle9i and 10g RAC  tuning, Load balancing.  • Created 12c multitenant container database using DBCA  • Configured non-pluggable 12c database into pluggable container database.  • Applied various patch sets released through critical patch updates.  • Expert in configuration and Installation of RAC on Linux and Solaris using ASM and  RAW devices and Oracle CRS.  • Expertise in maintaining Database Security using security compliance auditing, expertise  in loading data from flat files using external tables, SQL*LOADER.  • Excellent work experience in developing applications using ORACLE SQL Scripts,  PL/SQL, Shell Programming.  • Upgrade/Migration of Databases from Oracle 10g to 11g as well migrating experience  over cross platforms from Linux to Solaris, AIX to Solaris and from windows to Linux.  • Skilled in dealing with RAIDs on local server (Via RAID card BIOS) in ASM environment  such as installation, taking backup, migration of database from Non -ASM to ASM  environment.  • Excellent knowledge in Hot/Cold Backup, Recovery, Cloning of databases using  RMAN, VERITAS Net Backup.  • Experience with mid-tier architectures, OEM, TOAD, Oracle grid-control.  • Excellent Written and verbal Communication skills with a customer service oriented  attitude. Knowledge on Oracle Support processes for technical requests with Metalink. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Senior Technical Engineer Oracle Corp. September 2015 to Present Managed and resolved Service Requests logged by customers (internal and external) on Oracle products and contributed to proactive support activities  according to product support strategy and model.  • Owned and resolved problems and managed customer expectations through the Service Request lifecycle in accordance with global standards.  • Maintained product expertise within the team.  • Maintained an up-to-date knowledge of new processes and tools (diagnostic  methodology, health checks, scripting tools, etc.)  • Contributed to Knowledge Management content creation and maintenance.  • Worked with development on product improvement programs; testingBETA  • Research of Product Documentation, internal Development Bug reports, and Knowledgeable articles  • Database AWR report analysis Oracle Database Administrator United Guaranty - Greensboro, NC July 2013 to August 2015 Responsibilities:  • Installation and Maintenance of Oracle 9i, 10g, on IBM-AIX, LINUX and Windows  platforms.  • Utilized Grid Control to administer multi-node RAC database also managed redo and undo in the RAC environment. Load balancing of RAC instances.  • SQL tuning and Database performance tuning has been done based on reports  generated by SQL Trace, TKPROF, STATSPACK, Explain Plan, AWR, ADDM and monitor the database performance on daily basis.  • Planning Backup/Restoration Strategy, Planning and scheduling Backups, taking  Logical Backups (with Export and Data pump utilities).  • Creating & Managing Database Structures, Storage Allocation, Table/Index  segments, Constraints, Database Access, Roles and Privileges.  • Performance tuning of Queries by maintaining Aggregates, Compression, partition, Indexing and use of Hints, Stored outlines, Statistics for the same.  • Performance tuning and diagnosing DBMS and individual Production databases, organized various migration review meetings with the application team to discuss the  migration strategy based on their requirements.  • Applied Patches on RAC, Standalone, Standby databases based on the requirements.  • Evaluated mix of backup and recovery methods based on organizational needs.  Implemented, tested and documented various backup/recovery scenarios for knowledge  base.  • SQL tuning using explain plan, tkprof.  • Installation, Configuration and Maintenance of RAC, Stand by database.  • Upgrading development and production databases to Oracle 11g.  • Migrating from Oracle 10.2.0.4 on Solaris databases to Oracle 11.2.0.2 on Linux.  • Installed and applied various patches which includeCritical Patch Update (CPU), Patch  Set Update (PSU) and One-off patches using OPatch and runinstaller, also involved in upgrade oracle database 9i to 10g and 10g to 11g.  • Experience with data movement using Oracle utilities like Export/Import, Data pump  and SQL *Loader.  • Involved in Monitoring, Optimizing Oracle database for Performance Tuning & system/modules for Application Tuning using tools like AWR, ADDM, ASH,  STATSPACK, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN, SQL TRACE, and UTLBSTAT.  • Responsible for optimizing the queries and application tuning.  • Experience on working with data guard physical/logical standby databases.  • Used Data Pump for export and import. Wrote scripts for Backup of databases, maintenance of archive logs for databases. Streamlined backup procedures and  implemented RMAN for backup and disaster recovery.  • Database Refreshing / Replication from production to testing using Exp/Imp.  • Designed, developed and maintained UNIX shell scripts to collect and monitor database  metrics and Statspack snapshots and reports.  • Performed Table Partitioning, created Index Organized tables and Locally Managed  Tablespaces.  • Monitored and provided weekly reports on the server's memory, disk and CPU I/O using  HP tools and UNIX command-line utilities.  • Planned and configured disk layout, mount points and capacity requirements for servers.  • Provided maintenance of user accounts, privileges, profiles and roles.  • Involved with OLTP relational databases system analysis, design, implementation and management.  • Upgrade/Migration of Databases from Oracle 9i to 10g, Cross platform migration  from different platforms.  • Administered (11g RAC) environments adding and removing nodes to the cluster and handled performance tuning using AWR.  • Supported off-hour on call support for database related issues.  • Created logical and physical design installed and upgraded databases.  • Documented the Standard Processes for peers to follow.    Environment: IBM-AIX, Windows 2003/NT, Oracle 9i, 10g, RAC, TOAD, OEM, DATAGUARD, RMAN, Data Pump, Diagnostic and Tuning Advisors. Oracle Database Administrator Hanes Brands, Inc - Salem, NC May 2011 to June 2013 Responsibilities:  • 24 X 7 Production database administration, support and monitoring to ensure Proactive  problem recognition and resolution of database issues.  • Installation of 2 node 11g RAC on ASM feature of oracle and Linux.  • Proactive database monitoring using 11g grid monitoring tool.  • Knowledge in handling large database environments (Data warehouse) using ETL tool  Informatica, Business objects and Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) on daily basis  observing the performance of the production database.  • Provided support to Application Database Administrators in designing the database.  • Installed and Implemented Backup & Recovery procedures.  • Used RMAN for backup and recovery, Implement Hot and Cold backup plans.  • Customization and development of Korn shell scripts.  • Management of schemas, objects partitioning the tables & indexes.  • Automation of data load using Korn shell scripting and SQL*Loader.  • Responsible for setting and managing user accounts, Granting required privileges to users.  • Perform other regular DBA activities including space management and performance  monitoring.  • Involved in process improvement, Oracle Server Installations / Upgrades/Patches,  • Space Management, Capacity Planning, Backup & Recovery, Disaster Recovery, Database Performance Tuning, Memory Tuning, Application Tuning, Security  Administration, Data Warehousing, Data Guard, Oracle Advanced Replication, Real  Application Clusters, Oracle Standby.  • Management of schemas, objects partitioning the tables & indexes.  • Extensive Performance Tuning, Memory (SGA) Tuning, Net backup, RAID, RAW  Devices.  • Recovery of Database (Recovering from Media Failure, Recovering tables dropped  accidentally, Recovering data files, Recovering from Block Corruption).  • SQL statement Tuning using Explain Plans and SQL Trace using TKPROF utility  and AUTOTRACE utility.  • Analyzing tables and indexes for performance tuning. Optimizing database objects and streamlining applications.  • Taking Periodic Backup of the databases and the software using RMAN.  • Flash Recovery of Database (Recovering from Media Failure, Recovering tables dropped  accidentally, Recovering data files, Recovering from Block Corruption).  • Performance tuning which includes creating indexes, analyze, explain plan, optimizer hints.    Environment: Sun Solaris 9.0/10.0, Oracle 10g/11gRAC, TOAD 9.0, sql developer 1.3, Informatica 8.6, Business objects 11.5, Database Tools/Utilities, Enterprise Manager,  TKPROF, Explain plan, ERWIN 4.x, DBArtisan, RHEL 4.2, Windows 2003 with Active  Directory, OEM, RMAN, Export/Import, SQL, PL/SQL, SQL*Loader, TOAD, Erwin, STATSPACK Education University of Maryland University College September 2020 B.S. in Psychology University of Maryland Baltimore County - Baltimore, MD June 2015 Skills Database, Odbc, Oracle, Pl/sql, Sql, Linux, Shell scripts, Solaris, Unix, Unix shell, C++, Html, Perl, Xml, Rman, Erwin, Tcp/ip, Ms-dos, Tcp, Java, DBA, Oracle Dba
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1057.html#66:::Database Administrator;Database Administrator;Network Technician;Technical Production Assistant:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator - Posh Lane Freight Smyrna, GA 4+ years of experience in Database Administration and related portfolios for a large and complex database in SQL Server 2012, SQL Server 2008 R2, 2008. I would like to be part of a challenging environment where my technical skills and analytical abilities can be used towards achieving the objectives and goals of your organization.    KEY COMPETENCE  * Thorough knowledge of Database Administration on Production Servers with server configuration, performance tuning and maintenance with outstanding troubleshooting capabilities.  * Experience in Disaster Recovery Planning and Security Management operations.  * Having Ads-on experience in Disaster Recovery processes including Log Shipping and Database Replication.  * Expertise in efficient database performance, implement performance optimized recommendations, fix issues and problems. Configuring and creating databases using DBCA.  * Worked on configuring SQL Server with minimum privileged access  * Extensive Knowledge on Database Backup/Recovery Strategy, Capacity Planning, Replication, Database Cloning, and Patch Management.  * Strong emphasis on Organization and documentations. Excellent interpersonal and strong communication skills (Including Presentations). Customer-service oriented attitude and self motivated, dedicated in any work environment. Work Experience Database Administrator Posh Lane Freight January 2018 to Present Responsibility:    • Performed side by side migration of data from SQL Server 2008R2 to SQL Server 2012 and 2014 using suitable approach  • Created logins, users and configured permissions and assigned roles to users  • Set up of Transaction Replication from Application Server to Reporting Server  • Worked extensively in automating process like creating jobs, and error reporting using Alerts, SQL Mail Agent  • Developed and implemented comprehensive Backup plan and disaster recovery strategies  • Managed a centralized MS SQL Server 2008 and 2012 Platform consisting of over 500 mission critical databases  • Resolving requests related to database and system issues raised by user support  • Monitored and modified Performance using execution plans and Index tuning  • Proactive and active performance monitoring and tuning of production databases.  • Conducted root cause and analysis for database incidents and problems.  • Participated in designing, testing and implementing an enterprise Disaster Recovery Plan.  • Monitored data activities (i.e. database status, logs, space utilization, extents, Checkpoints, locks and long transactions).  • Provided on call support as needed to support operations of critical databases in a 24 X 7 environment.  • Involved in Analyzing and Upgrading SQL Server 2008R2 test servers to SQL Server 2012.  • Planned and executed many upgrades such as Service Pack, Hot fixes etc.  • Handled Fine Tuning Databases System in-coordination with Application owners to utilize the maximum resources for Database and Applications.  • Upgrade of Database from SQL Server 2005 and 2008R2 to SQL 2012  • Installed & configured database with associated database tools and performance monitoring software. Database Administrator Apolinari Taxes & Multi-Services October 2015 to December 2017 Responsibilities:    * Working with other IT professionals for database designs and reviews; troubleshooting database issues, deploying timely fixes; maintaining regular and proactive database patches, updates and performance enhancement.  * Tuning Queries and Database performance using tools Database Tuning Advisor, SQL Server Profiler Creating database that meet the constantly changing requirement and need of the company and clients.  * Involved in upgrading of SQL Server with latest Service packs known as Patching.  * Resolving the issue of mission critical to high usage of system CPU, disk, deadlock issues, locks and blocking.  * Managing and securing the database by using appropriate proper authorization schemes, roles and privileges.  * Involved in Performance Tuning of SQL Server for web-based production and development environments  * Sending daily operational report to the top management regarding the whole operation of the day, including any hitches and unusual situations.  * Set up and Manage Transactional Log Shipping, Failover Clustering, and AlwaysOn Availability group.  * Automated maintenance plan jobs in SQL Server agent and task scheduler: such as shrinking database, backup database, index rebuilding, creating filtered indexes, index reorganizing, cleaning up, and updating statistics  * Participated actively in meetings with staff and users, demonstrated ability to interpret user needs by preparing thorough summaries and recommendations  * Creating user logins and adding users to databases aliases and allotting roles to users Network Technician Intown Suites - Atlanta, GA June 2013 to August 2015 Responsibilities:    • Provided excellent services through phone to IT users for basic end user related hardware's and software's, desktop related LAN network systems.  • Configuration and resetting the network access accounts whenever required.  • Processing software's and hardware's by coordinating user setups, installations and upgrades.  • Provided training to end users.  • Enrollment of new Employee in the Computer system  • Performed basic diagnostics and troubleshooting in support of designated applications and infrastructure platforms.  • Prepared or updated system documentation; assisting in developing and analyzing data for planning and problem resolution.  • Worked with the team to complete ongoing projects and tasks.  • Installed and upgraded systems with virus protection software, spyware, firewall protection software Technical Production Assistant Ceridian Inc - Atlanta, GA August 2010 to March 2013 Responsibilities:    * Set up bundle for customers with various subsidiaries and/or branches who would want their payroll sent to various branches.  * Provided computer help desk support via telephone communications with end-users.  * Worked closely with system users to ensure information system strategies are aligned with Business plan and needs.  * Responsible for creating tracking records, keeping track of processed payrolls and sending such information to the major customers on a daily, weekly and bi-weekly basis.  * Resolved any payroll irregularities through various applications such as the Response PlusNet (RPN), Output Distributions, etc.  * Responsible for processing quitter tapes and the onward transmission of necessary information both to the customer and the new company.  * Worked closely with system users to ensure information system strategies are aligned with Business plan and needs. Education Databases COIN Consultancy and Training Institute - Dunwoody, GA Diploma Southern State Polytechnic University - Marietta, GA Cisco Certified Network Associate Federal University of Tech
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1058.html#67:::SQL Server Database Specialist/DBA;SQL Server Database Administrator;SQL Server DBA;Security;Performance tuning;Drafting:::SQL Server Database Specialist/DBA SQL Server <span class="hl">Database</span> Specialist/DBA SQL Server Database Specialist/DBA - NBTY, Inc, Long Island Long Island, NY • 8+ years of experience in Microsoft SQL including R2, SSIS, SSAS, and SSRS enterprise editions and exposure  • Involvement through the phases of the software development life cycle (SDLC) including Requirement Gathering, Analysis, Design, Development, testing, and Post-Production Support.  • Experience in planning, installing, configuring, and managing of SQL R2 and server.  • Working with system and user-defined databases, database files, and file groups.  • Skill in designing, creating, configuring, monitoring, upgrading, and supporting databases.  • Experience in planning, Implementing, and administering HA/DR solutions like log shipping, Mirroring, Replication, Clustering, and Always on the Availability group.  • Proficiency on performance monitoring using SQL server profiler, performance monitor, activity monitor, extended events, Database engine tuning advisor (DTA), and Server-side traces.  • Very good knowledge in fine tuning long running T-SQL scripts by breaking down complex scripts to simple once, creating Indexes, updating statistics and so on.  • Hands-on experience in Database Administration Operations like Backup, Recovery, Installing, Configuring, Managing, monitoring and using SQL Profiler.  • Designed and developed ETL-SSIS packages with various transformations, stored procedures, configuration files and tables.  • Expert in Extracting and transforming data (ETL) from various heterogeneous sources and loading them into various heterogeneous sources.  • Implemented Event Handlers and Error Handling in SSIS packages.  • Knowledge of capacity planning and storage management, expanding, and shrinking databases.  • Skill on creating database objects like views, indexes, stored procedures, functions, and triggers.  • Extensive experience creating user and groups' logins, granting necessary permissions, and monitor activities enforcing the security policy.  • Setting up, Scheduling and maintenance plans, jobs, notifications, and alerts.  • Creating and configuring and managing partially contained databases, and database Snapshots.  • Monitoring, Rebuilding and reorganizing indexes at regular intervals for better performance.  • Strong understanding in performance tuning, query optimization, and resolving database performance issues including blocking, deadlocking, and index fragmentation.  • Skilled in database encryption and column level encryption.  • Implementing, managing and troubleshooting SQL server security, and audit.  • Troubleshooting SQL server by Reading and analyzing event viewer and SQL server error logs.  • Experienced in writing complex T-SQL scripts to support Ad-hoc needs.  • Experience in creating various complex reports in SSRS (tabular, drill down, drill through, matrix, chart, and parameterized) per requirements.  • Experience in SCRUM & Agile Process.  • Experience in Service Management (which includes Incident, Change and Problem) and well versed in handling issues in Production. Work Experience SQL Server Database Specialist/DBA NBTY, Inc, Long Island May 2019 to Present Roles and Responsibilities:  • Maximize data integrity by establishing new SQL Server security best practices/transparent data encryption.  • Bolster performance by leveraging execution plans, DVM, Profiler, and Database Tuning Advisor.  • Take the initiative on vital installation, configuration, and maintenance operations for MS SQL Server 2012/16.  • Expertly apply patches and hotfixes were necessary to keep databases functioning at peak performance.  • Administer user permissions and accounts on MS SQL Server and databases according to company policies.  • Ensure that all data is safeguarded by implementing a backup, recovery plan, and point-in-time recovery.  • Facilitate smooth updates and backups for databases by managing database maintenance plans.  • Manage the development and installation of SSIS packages, Windows tasks, and SQL Server Agent jobs.  • Employ the SSIS package for migrating data from CSV flat files to or from SQL Server Database.  • Promptly investigate, identify, and resolve problems related to a member, I/O, disk space, blocking, deadlock, index fragmentation, growth patterns, error logs, database integrity, connectivity, and the CPU.  • Involved in designing, developing and testing of the ETL (Extract, Transformation and Load) strategy to populate the data from various source systems feeds using SSIS.  • Used various SSIS task such as conditional split, derived column, which did data scrubbing, including data validation checks during staging before loading data to data warehouse and data marts.  • Developed complex SQL queries using stored procedures, common table expressions (CTEs), temporary table to support Power BI and SSRS reports.  • Developed complex programs in T-SQL, writing Stored Procedures, Triggers, Views, Cursors, CTE's, schemas, used DDL, DML commands. Designed cubes with star schema using SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS).  Environment: SSIS, SQL Server 2016/2008 R2, Windows 7 Enterprise, JIRA, T-SQL, SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS), Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS), Team foundation Server (TFS), SharePoint, MS Excel. SQL Server Database Administrator North-Shore Medical Centre - Boston, MA December 2015 to May 2019 Roles and Responsibilities:  • Oversaw all daily operations and maintenance tasks for database infrastructure, which included security administration, backups, monitoring, and performance tuning to ensure security and optimal efficiency.  • Supported the production/development environment of SQL Server R2 on Windows Server 2012R2.  • Enhanced scalability and performance by construction and updating tables, indexes, constraints, and views.  • Carefully monitored SQL Server to eliminate any deadlocks and resolve issues with memory/performance.  • Worked extensively with HA features, which included log shipping, mirroring, and replication projects.  • Utilized JIRA to handle trouble tickets; quickly addressed problem tickets and maintained SQL system records.  • Developed SQL Queries to fetch complex data from different tables in remote databases using joins, database links and formatted the results into reports and kept logs  • Created packages in SSIS with error handling and worked with different methods of logging in SSIS.  • Monitor SQL Error Logs / Schedule Tasks/ database activity/ eliminate Blocking & deadlocks user counts and connections/locks etc.  • Implement automated Index Maintenance strategy run as SQL Jobs daily.  • Worked on Transactional Replication and replicated thousands of tables from various Databases to different production Server. Resolving any dead locks issues with the Databases/Servers on a real-time basis.  • Worked on development, implementation, administration and support of ETL processes for large-scale Data Warehouses using SSIS and DTS.  • Managed indexes, statistics and tuned queries by using execution plan for optimizing the performance of the databases. Query optimizations (T SQL or Query Analyzer) using query analyzer and Index tuning wizards.    Environment: SQL Server 2012/2016, T-SQL, SSIS (SQL Server Integration Services), SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services), SSAS, Visio, Share point Products, MS Query Analyzer, Profiler. SQL Server DBA MTA - New York, NY August 2011 to December 2015 Roles and Responsibilities:  • Increased user/data security by implementing SQL logins, roles, and authentication modes.  • Directed the deployment of database objects and structure changes across multiple types of environments.  • Leveraged top-notch technical expertise to draft technical documentation and information flow charts.  • Used the DBCC utility to resolve database errors and corruptions; capably performed scheduled maintenance.  • Coordinated database backups, integrity checks, and scheduled jobs to verify that operations were maintained.  • Carefully monitored SQL Server to eliminate any deadlocks and resolve issues with memory/performance. Implemented Constraints (Primary Key, Foreign Key, Default, Unique, Check and Not Null/Null) and fine tune Indexes on Tables.  • Performed database consistency checks at regular intervals.  • Involved in database design process and data modeling process using diagrams and Visio.  • Used Database Engine Tuning advisor and SQL Profiler for Monitoring memory, processor, Disk I/O and SQL Queries.  • Implemented Performance Tuning of T-SQL Statements effectively with SQL Profiler and Database Tuning Advisor.  Environment:SQL Server T-SQL Windows Enterprise Server Enterprise Manager, SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Server Business Intelligence Studio. Education Bachelor's Skills Security, Performance tuning, Drafting Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES:  Drafting Documents - Performance Tuning - Implementing Processes - High Availability Solutions  User Administration - Backup & Security - Updates & Patching    AREA OF EXPERTISE:    Platforms Windows Server/Windows 8/Windows 7 Professional/ Windows 10/ Unix/Linux / MacOS  Concepts Data Warehousing, Business Intelligence  Tools Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services, Integration Services  Databases SQL Server  Bug Management Tools HP Quality Center 9.2/HP ALM, Helix ALM (TestTrack), JIRA, Bugzilla  Database/ Database Tools SQL Server  Utilities/ Tools Eclipse, Jenkins, Microsoft Team Foundation Server (TFS), GitHub, Maven, Stash, SVN, Firebug  Programming Languages T-SQL, Dynamic SQL, DOS Scripting  Data Modeling  MS Visio, FACT& Dimensions tables, Physical & Logical data modeling, Star & Snowflake schema, Relational, Dimensional and multidimensional modeling and De-Normalization Techniques, MS- Access    Data Design Tools MS Visio, Smart Draw  BI Tools SQL Server Reporting Services (), SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS ), SQL Server Analytical Services (SSAS ), BIDS  Tools/ Database Utilities  SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Server Enterprise Manager, SQL Server Profiler, Import & Export Wizard, Microsoft Management Console, Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS), Visual Studio Team Foundation Server (TFS)    Application Packages MS Office, Microsoft SharePoint Server
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1059.html#68:::Cyber Security Analyst/RMF Specialist (Veteran Affairs);Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Nist;Cyber Security;It Security;Information Assurance;Information Security:::Cyber Security Analyst/RMF Specialist (Veteran Affairs) Cyber Security Analyst/RMF Specialist (Veteran Affairs) Cyber Security Analyst/RMF Specialist (Veteran Affairs) - Tech Global Solutions Columbia, MD Seasoned Risk Management Framework Specialist and Database Administrator with extensive knowledge of Oracle database systems and NIST 800 Series. Proven-track record of excelling in high-pressure, deadline-driven environments.    TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE    • Installation, Upgrading and Managing Oracle 10g, 11g and 12c databases  • Hands on experience with Performance tuning using AWR, ADDM and ASH, Backup and Recovery  • Excellent understanding of Risk Management Framework (RMF)/Cybersecurity/IT Security, NIST 800 Special Publication Series, Security Assessment and Authorization (SA&A), Certification and Accreditation (C&A), Authorization - to- Operate (ATO), System Security Plan (SSP), Contingency Plan, FIPS 199 Categorization, Business Impact Analysis (PIA), Privacy Impact Analysis (PIA), Security Assessment Report (SAR), Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&M)  • Implements data security measures and controls to protect our client's information systems. Review and responds to security alerts, scans, and FISMA audits  • Database backup and recovery using Recovery Manager (RMAN)  • Export and Import using both traditional import/export and data pump  • Experienced in data migration efforts using Oracle utilities like SQL loader, and data.  • Database user security design and policies enforcement through roles, resource profiles, usage audits, among others  • Database migration, upgrade and quarterly PSU patching  • Experience in managing databases using Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM)  • Responsible for actively monitoring internal and external cybersecurity threats and risks    Tools and Applications    • Oracle Recovery Manager (RMAN)  • VMware  • Remedy Ticketing System  • XACTA  • CSAM  • GRC RiskVision Work Experience Cyber Security Analyst/RMF Specialist (Veteran Affairs) Tech Global Solutions March 2016 to Present • Develops Accreditation and Authorization (A&A) artifacts using VA approved template for FISMA & FEDRAMP compliance requirements using the FIPS, NIST SP-800 series (199, 200, SP 800-37R1, SP 800-53R4, SP 800-53AR4 & SP 800-34R1).  • Provide weekly ATO status reports for detailed and thorough visibility of contract performance.  • Reviews Security Controls, Validate, & Update security artifacts in GRC RiskVision (PTA, PIA, SOP, SSP, ISA/MOU, IRP, RA, DRP, ISCP, CMP, & POA&M), travel to client sites to support CIOs & ISOs to mitigate vulnerabilities found in facilities & information systems in preparation of Pre-OIG FISMA / FISCAM Audit for the Department of VA.  • Performs Risk Management Framework (RMF) & Security Assessment Framework (SAF) to address the security concerns of information systems.  • Evaluates relevant information security policies, guidelines & IT best practices in compliance with NIST, FIPS, FISMA, FEDRAMP & OMB circulars applicable federal laws and regulations.  • Develops & maintains Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) to improve SA&A processes.  • Performs Security Test and Evaluation (ST&E) assessment on systems using scanning tools & manual assessment according to 800-53A.  • Provide status reports on incident alerted by the IDS and IPS security system as necessary.  • Conducts Security Control Assessment (SCA), develop Security Assessment Report & POAM. Review scan results and coordinate with IT team to resolve deficiencies found and re-asses controls upon POA&M resolution. Oracle Database Administrator QSSI September 2014 to March 2016 • Installed, configured and maintained oracle 11g and 12c databases in both test and development environments.  • Performed Oracle database upgrades from 11.2.0.3 to 11.2.0.4 to 12.1.0.2, and applies quarterly PSU patches  • Refreshed development database from production using data pump export/import and RMAN.  • Implemented and enforces security for all of the Oracle Databases.  • Help resolved various database-related issues and customer requests.  • Creates tablespaces and plans the location of data, index, undo tablespaces redo log files and control files in adherence to the Optimal Flexible Architecture.  • Managed database security by creating and assigning appropriate roles and privileges to users depending on the user activity.  • Sized database objects for effective space management and optimal performance.  • Proactively monitored hit ratios on different components of the SGA, including tuning of the shared pool, databases buffers and redo buffers.  • Analyzed tables on a regular basis for the Oracle optimizer.  • Performed level 0 and 1 database backup using RMAN  • Supplemented database backups with data pump export  • Recovered database recovery when necessary.  • Loaded data using SQL*Loader to assist Data Warehouse developers.  • Ensured that daily cold and hot RMAN backups are successfully made and valid for restore and recovery  • Deployed database scripts on both production and non-production environments  • Performed Oracle database, SQL and application tuning and monitoring using partitioning, AWR, ASH and ADDM  • Administered Oracle database, including design and creation of schema objects, integrity constraints, users and roles.  • Created tablespaces, manage storage allocations by adding datafiles, create redo log files to reduce I/O from frequent checkpoints to achieve optimal performance for transactions.  • Ensured that daily exports are successfully made and valid for small table level restores  • Used Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) as an interface to manage the Oracle databases  • Created database users, roles and privileges. Manages passwords and resolve connectivity issues Oracle Database Administrator Disys - McLean, VA June 2013 to August 2014 • Supported the installation and configuration of oracle on VM Virtual Box for test and development purposes.  • Monitored and maintained system security including database alert logs, managed file system disk space, resizing table space and defragmenting the database as needed, system shut down and restart, unlocking database table locks as well as monitor and creating additional tablespaces and file space as needed.  • Managed and created new users, roles and assigning users the appropriate roles and profiles to ensure database security and data integrity.  • Coordinated with UNIX/LINUX administrators for space management on servers and space planning for data growth.  • Monitored RMAN backups, data pump dump files, archive redo log files and fast recovering area.  • Support DBA for service requests from developers, system administrators and client users.  • Documented significant day-to-day database changes and maintained a monthly report.  • Responsible for scheduled maintenance tasks including exports, backups, and database recovery. Education BS in Computer Science University of Science and Technology Skills Nist, Cyber Security, It Security, Information Assurance, Information Security
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\106.html#69:::Oracle database administrator;Oracle database administrator:::Oracle database administrator Oracle <span class="hl">database</span> <span class="hl">administrator</span> Picayune, MS Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle database administrator Mutual benefits assurance Ltd. - Abuja February 2011 to April 2014 • Upgrading database to Oracle 11.2.0.2 from Oracle 10.2.0.2. Creating, configuring both standalone & RAC databases.    • Installation, configuration of grid including ASM to provide shared storage to RAC databases. ASM administration including creating diskgroup, adding, dropping disks.    • Worked in 24x7 production environment and provide on-call and day-to- day support.    • Backup and recovery using Oracle’s RMAN software; used offline/online for recovery in a production environment via shell scripting.    • Ongoing proactive database-level performance tuning, with a good working knowledge of Oracle internals.    • Helped team to use existing infrastructure to achieve Maximum benefit to reduce cost and maximum performance.    • Changes were made dynamically whenever possible to fulfill high-availability requirements. Enforced need of regular data purging processes from production, design and fail-over purposes.    • Installation of RAC and Managing RAC Environment efficiently. Proficient in RAC Performance Tuning.    • Implementing and maintaining security (create and maintain users, role and assign privileges). Database tuning, application Tuning & performance monitoring.    • Fine tuning Initialization parameters, I/O, Memory.    • Managed appropriate use of free space within tablespaces, reclaimed space whenever possible.    • Reorganized tables and indexes within databases when needed. Monitored the production Oracle alert logs for database errors. Monitored system resource availability and responded to system memory and data issues. Oracle database administrator World Access Cybercafé - Ibadan February 2009 to February 2010 • Installed and maintained Oracle Applications in complex environments such as Single-node and multiple-node installations.    • Applied latest releases of patches to resolve few applications issues.    • Cloning the instances from production to test, development instance to test and simulate few technical challenges, coordinate with testing and development teams.    • Participate in a team to maintain and support for multiple oracle database and applications in high availability 24x7 heterogeneous environment.    • Worked closely with team including Applications development, database development, Oracle support, and business continuity process.    • Installation of RAC and Managing RAC Environment efficiently. Performance tuning the RAC environment.    • Refreshing the test databases to a point in time as per the developers request using RMAN Duplicate.    • ASM to NON-ASM datafile conversion using Transportable tablespaces.    • Creating services names for the newly created databases and updating the TNSNAMES.ORA file in other database with the entries of the newly created database.    • Monitoring the log file shipping for the physical standbys and to make sure the dataguard environment is up to date with the primary. Education B.Sc. in Computer Science University of Ilorin - Ilorin 2005 to 2009 S.S.C. in Science St Gabriel Comm. Sec. Sch 2003 to 2007 Raftad Computer School - Ibadan 2004 Additional Information • Experience of working in 24x7 Production Environment.    • Experience in Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM), Erwin.    • Worked mostly with but not limited to Production servers along with development and testing servers.    • Expertise in installation and configuration of Oracle Financial and large databases on Linux Operation System.    • Usage of Datapump of oracle 10g,11g & 12c for exporting and importing logical data of the databases.     • Taking Hot and Cold backups using RMAN, along with Online and Offline backups and recovery     • Significant experience in using the RMAN and Flashback technologies for backup and recovery purposes.     • Proficient in use of Oracle Tools such as AD Utilities, SQL*Plus, SQL*Loader, SQL*Net and Enterprise    • Involved in multiple projects that required installing, upgrading and quarterly patching with the help of Opatch utility for the databases assigned under my applications.     • Experienced in taking cumulative and Incremental backups.     • Extensive experience in handled data migrations with the aid of expdp, impdp and RMAN utilities.     • Dealt with performance issues in previous projects, which involved managing the size of table spaces, redo log files and archived redo log files according to the production environment.     • Successfully delivered resolution ideas for critical database conflicts involving user roles and privileges, database network connectivity etc.     • Strong experience in creating user, roles, privileges, accounts and profiles in the database.     • Authoritative grasp on Oracle database architecture.     • Experienced in upgrading Oracle databases from 9i to 10g and from 10g to 11g.    • Experienced in effectively troubleshooting issues concerning network problems, instance startup, taking backups and recovering database files etc.    • Hands on experience in implementing 11gr2, 12c & Oracle Golden Gate.    • Worked with PL/SQL procedures, cursors, functions, triggers and materialized views.     • Excellent communication skills, a good team player and punctual in meeting project deadlines.     • Worked on multi platforms AIX, HP-UNIX and linux.     • Manage RAC environment for Day to Day Database administration, Performance Tuning.    • Add or Remove Node from Rac.    • Resolved/Diagnose Node Eviction.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1060.html#70:::Database Architect;Developer;Database and Reporting Administrator;Linux;Javascript;HTML;Jquery;SQL;XML:::Database Architect <span class="hl">Database</span> Architect Database Architect Hillsboro, OR Information technology professional with seven years of experience in database administration and building web applications. Excels at implementing AWS services, as well as learning about new services, and how they fit into existing and future projects. Self-starter that can prioritize day-to-day tasks, and larger projects, to ensure that work gets done, and delivered with a high level of quality. Work Experience Database Architect FINITY COMMUNICATIONS, INC - Portland, OR April 2015 to November 2018 Led the data team's direction for the processing and storage of data. Worked with a team that was successful in achieving the company wide HITRUST Certification. Produced reports for internal and external use, generated campaign lists for mailing and calling members to promote healthy habits. Partnered with the Healthcare Analysts to ensure data structures met their needs.  ? Migrated multiple MySQL databases to Amazon Aurora, configured in a multi-region HA deployment.  ? Developed BASH and PHP scripts to automate the downloading of data feeds over SFTP and through APIs, then ran ETL processes to import the data into Aurora, S3, and Redshift.  ? Implemented MapForce and MapForce Server to translate Healthcare ASC X12 EDI files into flat files.  ? Built console applications using PHP Symfony that utilized the AWS SDK, accessing various AWS services.  ? Used Python to transform files from ASC X12 format to CSV Developer VACASA - Portland, OR September 2013 to January 2015 Developed modules for custom in-house web application using PHP, HTML, CSS, and jQuery. Built and maintained mobile application for employees. Managed several EC2 instances using AWS SDK for PHP.  ? Developed new integrations and maintained existing integrations with Twilio.  ? Integrated Mailgun API into web app to dynamically create and route emails.  ? Utilized AWS SDK to create and manage EC2 instances through the web app.  ? Mobile app built using HTML, CSS, jQuery, calling a PHP API on the backend. Converted to iOS and Android apps with PhoneGap. Database and Reporting Administrator LINKTECH WORLDWIDE - Beaverton, OR August 2012 to September 2013 Managed MySQL databases for the in-house built Customer Relationship Manager. Provided business intelligence reports to managers for day to day operations.  ? Implemented SpagoBI, an open source business intelligence platform.  ? Moved existing reports from various formats into a standard BIRT format for SpagoBI.  ? Provided in-depth analysis of customer data. Education Associates Degree in Computer Application Specialist MT. HOOD COMMUNITY COLLEGE - Gresham, OR 2006 Skills Linux, Javascript, HTML, Jquery, SQL, XML Links http://linkedin.com/in/joshua-poland Additional Information SKILLS & EXPERTISE  Amazon Web Services: IAM, VPC, Route 53, EC2, S3, RDS/Aurora, Redshift, DynamoDB, Lambda, CloudFormation, API Gateway  MySQL, BASH Scripting, Python, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Git, JetBrains IDEs, Atlassian Tools, ASC X12 EDI, MapForce, MapForce Server, Mailgun API, Twilio, RHEL
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1061.html#71:::Oracle Database Administrator;Database;Oracle;Sql;Rman;Linux;Red hat;Solaris;Unix;Rdbms;Windows 2000:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - Business Solutions ? Working as a Database Administrator in Ntt Data, Hyd from Jan, 2019.  ? Worked as a Database Administrator in Techmahindra, Texas from july '2017 to April 2018.  ? Worked as a Software Engineer in Techmahindra, Pune from Nov 2012 to June 2017. Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Business Solutions July 2013 to Present with exposure on Production Systems Analysis, Design, Development, Implementation and Testing of Relational Database Management Systems for Business Solutions.  ? Experience in Administration activities such as Installation, ConfigurationClient/server connectivity,  ? Creating and managing repositories, users, user groups, Folders, user Roles, profiles and Privileges.  ? Experience on creation and implementation of Backup and Recovery methods and disaster recovery methods using RMAN, logical, hot backups, Flashback Recovery and performed full, incremental and Cumulative backups using RMAN.  ? Extensive experience in Application Development, Database developmentand24x7production system support handling large databases using Oracle 12c, 11g, 10g, 9i on various platforms like AIX, Solaris, Red hat EL, UNIX andWindows.  ? Installation, upgrading, configuration and troubleshooting Golden Gate 12c software  ? Configure GoldenGate for Classic and Integrated capture components for replication  ? Worked in 24/7 environments  ? I have experience in Real Application Cluster(RAC)  ? RAC Implementation Steps  ? Installaing Clusterware  ? Installing Oracle Binaries  ? Creating Rac database, Asm, Listener.  ? Administering RAC using SRVCTL and CRSCTL  ? Bring down the RAC Environment  ? Converting a Standalone database to RAC database  ? Perseverant self-starter with good analytical and problem solving skills.  ? Has aptitude to learn new things and ability to perform under stress.  ? Installation of Oracle 9i/10g/11g on Red Hat Linux A.S.4.0/3.0.  ? Knowledge on Configuration and maintenance of physical standby database for no data loss.  ? Design and implementation of backup and restore mechanism.  ? Expertise in administration of Backup and Recovery, RMAN, Disaster  ? Recovery, Installation of Oracle Software.  ? Managing physical structure of Oracle database like Data files, Redo logfiles and control files.  ? Moving data between database using utility like Export/Import Transport table space.  ? Daily checking of alert log and trace file for errors.  ? Experience in creating the database using DBCA for Oracle 9i, Oracle 10g and Oracle 11g/12C.  ? Possess technical ability and self-initiative to learn and implement new concepts in short duration.  ? A very good team player, self motivated, dedicated in any work environment with24x7 support.    ? Excellent interpersonal and strong analytical, problem-solving skills with customer service oriented attitude.  ? Excellent communication, documentation and coordination skills. Education Master of Computer Application in Computer Application JNTU University Bsc in Computer Science Osmania University Skills Database, Oracle, Sql, Rman, Linux, Red hat, Solaris, Unix, Rdbms, Windows 2000 Additional Information Skills Set:    Operating System: Red Hat Linux A.S.4.0, (UNIX), Windows 2000, XP, solaris  Languages: SQL  RDBMS: ORACLE 9i/10g/11g/12c  Tool &Utility: Export & Import, Data Pump,  RMAN (Knowledge of configure the RMAN, catalog, Backup and Recovery).  Data Guard (Physical standby database), DBCA, SRVCTL, CRSCTL, DBUA, Sql Developer,
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1062.html#72:::Oracle Database Administrator;Sr Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Junior DBA;Aix (Less than 1 year);Database (8 years);Databases (8 years);Emc (Less than 1 year);Erwin (Less than 1 year);Hp-ux (Less than 1 year);Linux (7 years);Loader (6 years);Oem (5 years);Oracle (8 years);Oracle 10g (2 years);Red hat (5 years);Remedy (Less than 1 year);Rman (7 years);Solaris (5 years);Sql (8 years);Sun (5 years);Unix (4 years);Ux (Less than 1 year);Oracle Dba:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Hartford, CT • Full responsibility and expertise in database administration (DBA), performance tuning (AWR, ASH ADDM, EXPLAIN PLAN, SQLTRACE, TKPROF), database backup, database recovery, database security, database optimization, data migration of Oracle instances and SQL-server databases.  • Worked with TB databases and BIGDATA • Analysis and reporting of BIGDATA using GOOGLE'S BIGQUERY for Business intelligence (BI) • Expertise using 12C security features like; Transparent data encryption (TDE), Oracle WALLET, Database vault, secured socket layer (SSL) and Public Key infrastructure (PKI) • Database administration tools like; Oracle cloud control (OCC), TOAD, SQL DEVELOPER • Experience in Database design using Microsoft Visio, SQL developer data modeler, ER Assistant to draw entity relationship diagrams.  • Create database objects like; views, procedures, functions, triggers, tables, synonyms and writing codes populate tables with data in the database • Experience in installation, upgrade and maintenance of RAC (Real Application Cluster) 10g and 11g databases to support online applications.  • Configuring Automatic Storage Management (ASM) which includes creating disks and disk groups for oracle 11g and 12Cr2 RAC databases.  • Experience in monitoring oracle instances and maintaining databases, performance using OEM (Oracle Enterprise Manager), Oracle GRID-control and database monitoring using 11g Grid monitoring tool.  • Experience in creating, configuring physical standby database using data guard 11g and 12c active data guard.  • Experience with flashback technology.  • Hands on experience in conventional Hot and cold backups, database recovery, cloning of a database using RMAN backup and recovery.  • Extensive experience in tuning the NetBackup environment and automated Installation scripts for NetBackup.  • Installation, configuration, administration, and maintenance of VERITAS NetBackup application • Expertise in performance tuning for high performance of database availability for users, backup and recovery (RMAN and using catalog database), UNIX scripting for tasks like automated backups, space management, database security.  • Experience in application and memory tuning with explain plan, TKPROF, STATSPACK, SQL trace, SQL optimization utilities, SQL tuning advisor, SQL access advisor and SQL planned management.  • Experience in using tools like AWR (automatic workload repository), ADDM (automatic database diagnostic monitor) and ASH (active session history) for database performance reports.  • Experience in upgrading databases from oracle9i to 10g, 10g to 11g and 11g to 12c using DBUA (oracle database upgrade assistant) and manual method.  • Testing and implementing different physical and logical backup and recovery methods including a point in time, media recovery, full/partial, XXXDatapump export/import, using External tables to query data outside the database.  • Involved in each phase of the lifecycle (SDLC) including requirement gathering, technical design, development, system integration phase, quality assurance phase, development, and production support activities.  • Experience with large databases (5TB - 14 Tb) for OLTP and OLAP applications.  • Performed installation, configuration, and maintenance of oracle 11g/12c, 11g RAC databases.  • Experience in configuring oracle 10g, 11g Real application cluster (RAC) (2 and 3 nodes) using cluster ware and automatic storage management (ASM) • Able to resolve the performance issue in database 12c using automatic big data caching, full database caching and In-Memory Aggregation features.  • Hand on experience in cloning the non-multitenant container database to pluggable database in 12c using the PDB Metadata clone, PDB Remote Clone, and PDB Snapshot cloning feature.  • Performed migration of oracle 11g/12c non-RAC single instance to RAC database instances.  • Experience with 11g cluster maintenance using CRSCTL command.  • Experience in using SRVCTL command for Oracle 11g RAC database • Used EXPDP & IMPDP to take backup at the database level or tablespace level and also to accomplish table level and full database defragmentation.  • Proficient in using various database Utilities like EXPORT/IMPORT, DataPump, TOAD.  • Experience in Extracting, Transforming and Loading (ETL) data using SQL loader utility.  • Automated many common tasks using crontab including Backups, exports, and imports Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator United Health Group - Hartford, CT December 2018 to Present • Providing ongoing operational support for Oracle Databases in all application specific environments (Dev to Prod) • Providing data migrations (RMAN restore/refresh and datapump exp/imp) • Assist in manual and automated application code deployments (DDLs and DMLs) • Conducting performance tuning to maintain system stability (using Oracle RDBMS tools) • Troubleshooting to capture incident data and analyze for root cause issues • Participating in binaries installation, DB creation, configuration, upgrades and DB patching and OS patching activities • Serving as a team player by working with colleagues and clients to identify and address overall system problems as needed • Participating in 24x7 on-call rotation with other colleagues on a weekly rotation basis • Influencing management to adopt new ideas, products, and/or approaches as appropriate   • Experience with 11g/12 RAC, HA-DR, Dataguard, ASM, OEM, RMAN, and EXPDP/IMPDP • Experience with TDE, Wallet, Audit Vault • Experience with Data migrations (RMAN restore, EXPDP/IMPDP) • Experience with Database RMAN backup/recovery skills (TSM/TDPO/DDomain) • Experience with Capacity management (space utilization, archive/purge data) • Exposure to monitoring and creating alerts in OEM • Understanding of job scheduling • Experience with User Security/Administration • Experience with VM Ware is plus Sr Oracle Database Administrator Bristol Myers Squibb Wallingford CT - Wallingford, CT February 2017 to December 2018 • Maintain and support existing production and non-production oracle databases including backup recovery.  • Performance optimization.  • Support database needs for new project deployments.  • Assist in the physical relocation of database and non- database assets between different BMS data centers and between BMS data centers and cloud providers.  • Assist in all facets of infrastructure lifecycle management activities.  • Asset tracking via enterprise CMDB.  • Install, upgrade and patch 11g and 12c Oracle databases in Linux and Windows environments • Automate database administration tasks using PL/SQL and shell scripts • Perform basic and advanced tuning at the database and database/server level • Use Enterprise Manager12c/13c ,Toad and other tools for availability and performance monitoring • Work directly with clients to plan and execute database outages and migrations Oracle Database Administrator Ambac Financial Group, Inc - New York, NY June 2014 to February 2017 • SQL query tuning using reports generated by tools like StatsPack, TKPROF and SQL*Trace and Explain Plan • Create database using GOLD IMAGE generated from OCC 12c • Used AUTOMATION TOOLS LIKE; CRONTAB, OCC for scheduling scripts • Shell script experience for backup jobs, logical exports, maintenance jobs like; renaming log files, purging logs from mount points to avoid space issues • Configure data guard for disaster recovery (DR) • Database refreshes using DATAPUMP from PROD database to DEV environment • Migration of CODES from production to test and DEV databases • Troubleshooting performance issues in the database using TOP, SAR, command, ADRCI for health check • Create container database with pluggable databases for High availability • GOLDEN GATE for data replication and ZERO DOWNTIME UPGRADE using TRAIL LOCAL AND REMOTE TRAIL FILES, EXTRACT AND REPLICATE PROCESS, MANAGER PROCESS AND SUPPLEMENTED WITH DATAPUMP for logical transfer of data from source to target • Rebuilding Indexes and gather statistics on tables on different databases on a regular basis to gain database performance using DBMS_STATS package • Successfully upgraded the databases from 11g to non-CDB 12c.  • Successfully migrated 12c NonCDB databases to pluggable databases.  • Created Oracle Wallets and implemented Tablespace level TDE security.  • Successfully setup 4 nodes Primary RAC with 3 nodes physical standby for a new application in 11GR2. Tuning the Databases for optimization using AWR, ASH, ADDM, STATSPACK, Explain Plans and TKPROF, Estimating Table & Index Size.  • Utilizing Enterprise manager to monitor alerts, schedule jobs, monitor SQL loads, generate AWR reports • Configured Oracle Data Guard to ensure disaster recovery, high availability and data protection.  • Database monitoring and performance tuning using OEM GC, AWR and ADDM, ASH, SQLT, TRCA, SQL Access Advisor, SPM, • Monitoring & Maintaining NetBackup Environment.  • Automated the Data Replication process using Materialized Views for reporting databases.  • Used Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) 11g Grid Control for monitoring multiple database and notification of database alerts, and configured EM agents on multiple database servers.  • Implementing Datapump, conventional export/import utility of Oracle 11g, 10g for re-organizing Databases/Schemas/Tables to improve the performance.  • Used import/export utilities for cloning/migration of small sized databases and Datapump import/export to move data between 10g and 11g/12c environments.  • Used External Tables.  • Implemented switchovers on primary and standby databases as a part of planned maintenance activities.  • Modify database structures as required by developers due to business or application requirements, clone development databases for testing and training.  • Partitioning tables by determining the suitable methodology to improve performance and manageability.  • Created Materialized views, groups for performing SQL*Loader jobs for data loading and used DataPump jobs for loading the subscriber and history related data at replicated site.  • Generated scripts for daily maintenance activity like analyzing the tables/indexes, and monitoring their growth rate.  • Applying upgrade patch, maintenance and interim (opatch) patches on all the databases.  • Refreshing Dev and Test instances with data from Production on a regular basis.  • Thorough knowledge in setting up the infrastructure for databases in huge data centers.  • Installed Oracle 11g on Linux platform using ASM.  • Successful in applying RDBMS patches, security patches for improving the security and functionality of the databases.  • Efficiently performed installation, setup, and the creation of four node cluster RAC with Oracle 11.2.0.3 database using GRID infrastructure with ASM file systems on RHEL 5.5.  • Maintenance of Oracle 11gR2 Real Application Cluster (RAC) Database for High Availability, Scalability, and Performance by determining the best Cluster architecture, choosing the best hardware configuration for Oracle RAC.  • Successful in installation/maintenance of Physical Standby database using Oracle Data Guard for Oracle 11.2.0.3 and Oracle 10.2.0.5 RAC databases.  • Implemented proactive monitoring using Tuning Pack, Diagnostics Pack, and STATSPACK, SQL Trace & TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN.  • Database monitoring/maintenance, replication process, and performance tuning are done using OEM (Oracle Enterprise Manager).    Environment: Oracle 11g/12cRAC/9i, VMS, Sun Solaris, Windows Server 2003, Red Hat Linux, TOAD, RMAN, SQL server, OEM. Oracle Database Administrator Bon Secours Health System - Richmond, VA July 2011 to May 2014 Responsibilities: • Installed, configured, and maintained Oracle 10g and 11g R2 on Linux and also Upgraded from Oracle 10g to 11g.  • Managing, Monitoring and optimizing the performance of the databases on a periodic basis using AWR, ADDM reports and providing recommendations.  • SQL tuning and Application Performance monitoring.  • Resolving issues related to Network Congestion, Memory (SGA and PGA), CPU & IO and other oracle related issues.  • Applying Quarterly Security Patches (CPU/PSU) and applying Patch set and One-off Patches.  • Responsible for proactively managing database growth and trends to ensure database availability and propose recommendations based on transaction volumes, usage growth and response times as a part of capacity planning exercise.  • Ensure that the databases do not run out of space with automated scripts • Conducting sizing and capacity planning for oracle databases.  • Responsible for tuning of long-running queries by creating B-Tree and BITMAP indexes.  • Resolving issues related to Network Congestion, Memory (SGA and PGA), CPU & IO and other oracle related issues.  • Migration of database from one server to another server.  • Responsible for setup and implementation of 2 Node RAC on Linux in 10g and 11g R2.  • Responsible for configuring data guard physical and standby database setup for high availability and handling synchronization issues between primary and standby.  • Worked on performance and tuning on SQL queries.  • Performed daily maintenance tasks like space management, rectified locking problems, managed quotas etc., configured network components like TNSNAMES, Names Server, Connection Manager, etc. for the easy and effective management of Oracle networking. Configured listener for external procedure calls.  • Efficient in using the Oracle Tools like SQL* Plus, SQL* Loader, TKPROF, LOGMINER, STATSPACK, SQL*Net, IMPORT/EXPORT, and RMAN.  • Implemented ASM on RAC and stand-alone databases. Managing disks and disk groups with ASM.  • Done migration of non-ASM database to ASM database.  • Scheduling and maintaining level 0 and level 1 RMAN (Recovery Manager) backups.  • Backup and Restore - Full, Incremental, RMAN/NetBackup • Backup and restore data to tape drive and disk using NetBackup • Managing, Monitoring and optimizing the performance of the databases on a periodic basis using AWR, ADDM reports and providing recommendations.  • Automated the refreshes between production and test environments, scripts to clear out applied logs.  • Automated scripts to gathering statistics for database objects • Performed active DataGuard switchover from standby database to the active database for DR testing.  • Converted traditional database synching technique (through FTP) to the usage of DataGuard for prod based databases.  • Migrated databases from one server to another using RMAN active duplication.  • Handling and debugging of high priority and sudden database service interruption issues like service interruption due to ORA-600 errors in the dump and database hung due to ORA 7445 errors and restoring the service to normal and providing efficient root cause analysis.  • Capacity Planning for OLTP environment- Allocating system storage and planning future storage requirements for the existing and new databases.  • Proactive performance monitoring by implementing UNIX scripts and automated jobs (Grid) for alerts.  • Refreshing databases and Migration of databases from various environments for Testing, Development work.  • Developed database system build sheets, code review checklists, code promotion process documents, outage reporting documents.  • Sizing the SGA, DB buffers, shared SQL area, log buffer based on the requirements.  • Responsible for setting and managing USER MANAGEMENT, SPACE MANAGEMENT Granting required privileges to users.    Environment: Oracle 11g/12cRAC/9i, VMS, Sun Solaris, Windows Server 2003, Red Hat Linux, TOAD, RMAN, SQL server, OEM. Oracle Junior DBA Enterprise Holdings Inc - Clayton, MO May 2010 to June 2011 • Managed data files, control files, redo log files, tables, indexes, constraints for performance and availability.  • Worked on user management mainly on grants, privileges, roles, and profiles.  • Designing and developing SQL procedures, query performance tuning.  • Database Refreshing / Replication from production to testing using a hot backup.  • Performing the capacity planning for databases.  • Cloned/Refreshed Database environments to create a patch, test, development and QA environments.  • Tuned SQL statements using explain plan and Tkprof. Monitoring and Performance tuning.  • Designed, developed and maintained UNIX shell scripts to collect and monitor database metrics and Statspack snapshots and reports.  • Automated the processes by using CRONTAB.  • Extensively used SQL Loader to load data from flat files to the Oracle Database.  • Creation of database tables, indexes, and referential integrity constraints.  • Writing Oracle scripts for the SQL and PL/SQL requirements for various applications.  • Created and maintained materialized views.  • Modified and debugged stored procedures and triggers.  • Interacted with the users and troubleshoot the problems related to the privileges & resources.  • Monitor database activity and file usage, and ensure necessary resources are present so that databases function properly by removing or deleting old or obsolete files.  • Performing all the Database Administration activities like space management in database, user and roles administration, schema management, checking alert log of all the databases.  • Contributed to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.  • Proactively managed the databases; set up alarms for managing any exceptions in the day to day management of the databases; pre-empted and prevented issues, disasters from happening.  • Monitoring tablespace issues, creating tablespaces and adding datafiles • Involved in session management and monitored the critical wait events, blocking sessions in the database.  • Wrote Stored Procedures according to specs and control files for input to SQL*Loader utilities for loading data from external files into the Oracle database.  • Tuning test and production database by altering the parameters.  • Export and Import of database objects to copy from one database to another database.  • Investigating suspicious database activity using Auditing.  • Write database documentation, including data standards, procedures, and definitions.    Tools Used: Oracle 10.2.0.1, Oracle 9i (9.2.0.8), RMAN, Datapump, SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN Education Bachelor's Skills Aix (Less than 1 year), Database (8 years), Databases (8 years), Emc (Less than 1 year), Erwin (Less than 1 year), Hp-ux (Less than 1 year), Linux (7 years), Loader (6 years), Oem (5 years), Oracle (8 years), Oracle 10g (2 years), Red hat (5 years), Remedy (Less than 1 year), Rman (7 years), Solaris (5 years), Sql (8 years), Sun (5 years), Unix (4 years), Ux (Less than 1 year), Oracle Dba Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Databases Oracle 10g, 11g, 12c  Database Tools  Oracle (Oracle Enterprise Manager, SQL*Plus, SQL Loader, DB Configuration Assistant) Toad, OEM Grid, RMAN, SQL*Loader, Exp/Imp/Data Pump, Log miner, Statspack/AWR, Shareplex Top, DBCA, DBUA, ADDM, Oracle Migration Workbench, Erwin, Qdesigner, Remedy    Operating Systems MS Windows, UNIX (Solaris 8/9/10, AIX, HP-UX), LINUX  Hardware  Sun Fire 15K, Sun 6320 Storage, Sun Enterprise Servers 890/880/420/450, Sun StorEdge 6320, Hitachi, EMC, Dell Servers, Compaq Servers 6000/3000/1600/800, HP/UX-9000, Red Hat Linux 6.2
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1063.html#73:::Application Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator:::Application Database Administrator Application <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Application Database Administrator - INFOSYS LTD Round Rock, TX Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Application Database Administrator INFOSYS LTD May 2018 to Present Oracle RAC  (Grid, High Availability)    • Designed, Consolidated and deployed multiple RAC production environments. Migrated RAC and single instance database.  • RAC Deployment: Designed and deployed multiple RAC production environments on Linux, AIX, Sun and HP platforms using ASM. Managed and Administered node Addition and Deletion of 3-nodes RAC system on HP servers running Red hat and Linux servers. Converted Single instance database to RAC environment in 11g and 12c on Linux and Solaris.  • RAC Tuning: Tuned 3-nodes 11g / 12c RAC system running on Linux and Windows Servers. Identified, corrected bottlenecks and optimized memory utilization to improve performance on Windows and Linux environments.    • Database monitoring, performance diagnostic, tablespaces monitoring, database health check, migration/ table refreshes.    GOLDEN GATE  • Implemented Golden Gate unidirectional replication on RAC using ACFS file system.  • Monitors Golden Gate using 12c Golden Gate Plugin and also Golden Gate Director and shell scripts for alerting GG process down alerts.  • Monitoring and working in Oracle Golden Gate support activities like new configuration, deployment on existing configuration and Release activities.  • Managing Golden Gate abended, stopped process, errors, alerts and lag alert using golden gate director.    Database  Administration    • Database Design: Database design for an OLTP system and implementation using relational and object oriented paradigms on Sun Solaris version 8, RHEE3 and Windows.  • Database Architecture & Administration: Designed, developed and tuned database.  • Database Implementation.    Performance Tuning  • SQL Optimization: Team adviser for system and application bottlenecks in production process using Oracle Grid Control performance monitor tool/ ORADEBUG, SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN, STATSPACK, AWR, SQL TUNING ADVISOR, DBMS STATS and ADDM.    Database Migrations • Performed multiple database migration/upgrades. Data migration using exp/imp, data pump, transportable tablespaces. Oracle Database Administrator Huntington National Bank - Columbus, OH January 2014 to December 2017 Oracle RAC  (Grid, High Availability)    Oracle Enterprise Manager  • Implemented ASM on RAC and stand-alone databases. Managing disks and disk groups with ASM  • RAC Deployment: Designed and deployed multiple RAC production environments on Linux, AIX, Sun and HP platforms using ASM. Managed and Administered node Addition and Deletion of 3-nodes RAC system on HP servers running Red hat and Linux servers.  • Converted Single instance database to RAC environment in 11g and 12c on Linux and Solaris. Installation, Configuration of ASM, RAC databases, Adding Services and maintaining GRID control.    • Database monitoring, database health check, Database maintenance, replication process and performance tuning are done using OEM.    DataGuard  • Physical Standby: Designed, deployed multiple RAC and single instance physical standby databases with Dataguard on Linux, Windows for failover purpose.  • Logical Standby: Successfully configured logical standby environment on Linux, UNIX and Windows environments for failover and testing purposes    Database  Administration    • Database Design: Database design for an OLTP system and implementation using relational and object oriented paradigms on Sun Solaris version 8, RHEE3 and Windows.  • Database Architecture & Administration: Designed, developed and tuned database.  • Database Implementation.    Backups and Recovery  • Database Backups: Configured RMAN backups using shell scripting. Extensively worked on complete & incomplete recoveries of the databases including Point in time recovery (PITR) and Tablespace point in time recovery (TSPITR) using RMAN utility.    Performance Tuning  • SQL Optimization: Team adviser for system and application bottlenecks in production process using Oracle Grid Control performance monitor tool/ ORADEBUG, SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN, STATSPACK, AWR, OEM, SQL TUNING ADVISOR, DBMS STATS and ADDM.  • Involved in Intensive performance Tuning operations. Expertise in tuning Oracle 12c and11g RAC.    Database Migrations    PATCHING  • Performed multiple database migration/upgrades. Data migration using exp/imp, data pump, transportable tablespaces, Dataguard and Golden Gate.    • Applying Patches, Critical Patch Update/Patch Set update and One-off Patches using OPatch. Experience in patching RAC databases in rolling fashion to maintain high availability.    • GOLDEN GATE  • Implemented Golden Gate unidirectional replication on RAC using ACFS file system.  • Managing Golden Gate abended, stopped process, errors, alerts and lag alert using golden gate director. Implemented replication on databases using and Golden gate between homogeneous and heterogeneous databases. Oracle Database Administrator Deutsche Bank - Jersey City, NJ June 2012 to December 2013 Oracle RAC  (Grid, High Availability)    • Designed and deployed multiple RAC production environments on Linux, AIX, Sun and HP platforms using ASM. Managed and Administered node Addition and Deletion of 3-nodes RAC system on HP servers running Red hat and Linux servers. Converted Single instance database to RAC environment in 11g and 12c on Linux and Solaris to implement High Availability.  • RAC Tuning: Tuned 3-nodes 11g / 12c RAC system running on Linux and Windows Servers. Identified, corrected bottlenecks and optimized memory utilization to improve performance on Windows and Linux environments.    DataGuard  • Successfully performed installation, setup and creation of Primary & Standby  • database using dataguard to deliver no data loss with maximum availability mode. Created Physical Standby databases using RMAN with zero downtime, performed Failover and Switchover using Data Guard Broker and manually as and when required. Worked extensively with Physical Standby database,  • Troubleshooting, switchover and switchback with Physical standby setup.    Database  Administration    • Database Design: Database design for an OLTP system and implementation using relational and object oriented paradigms on Sun Solaris version 8, RHEE3 and Windows.  • Database Architecture & Administration: Designed, developed and tuned database.  • Database Implementation.    Backups and Recovery  • Database Backups: Configured RMAN backups using shell scripting. Refreshing development/test database from production using Export/Import & RMAN backups    Performance Tuning  • SQL Optimization: Team adviser for system and application bottlenecks in. production process using Oracle Grid Control performance monitor tool/ ORADEBUG, SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN, STATSPACK, AWR, PARTITIONING, OEM, SQL TUNING ADVISOR, DBMS STATS and ADDM.  • Involved in Intensive performance Tuning operations. Expertise in tuning Oracle 12c and11g RAC.    Database Migrations    Patching  • Data / Database Migrations: Performed multiple database migration/upgrades. Data migration using exp/imp, data pump, transportable tablespaces.    Applied security patches (Patch set, Critical Patch Updates (CPU) / Patch Set Updates (PSU), One-off Patch) using "runInstaller" and perl based utility "Opatch". Education Bachelor's
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1064.html#74:::Scrum Master;Scrum Master;Database Administrator;Sql;Agile Scrum;Jira;Rally;Scrum Master;Versionone;Scrum;PM;Database;Certified Scrum Master;Kanban:::Scrum Master Scrum Master Scrum Master - U.S Bank Cincinnati, OH Team-oriented scrum master capable of delivering large-scale software and Web  development projects on time and on budget. Over 7 years of IT experience working  with both offshore and onshore scrum teams as a servant leader and agile coach. Skilled  in building high performing teams by effectively collaborating, facilitating, leading and  coaching scrum team members in internalizing scrum values and agile best practices  Expert at driving the adoption and enforcement of Scrum rules, removing impediments  and fostering self-management. Capable of bringing overwhelming enthusiasm and  awareness to projects, applying expert judgment to the removal of impediments,  keeping teams focused in delivering high quality software Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Scrum Master U.S Bank - Milwaukee, WI May 2017 to Present Working with two ADM teams in end to end implementation and delivery of U.S  Bank's Unified Payments Interface (UPI) software applications  • Organizing and facilitating Scrum ceremonies and backlog refinement: Facilitating  daily stand-ups, sprint reviews, sprint demos and spring retrospectives  • Planned Agile best practices and encouraged team cohesion, overcoming  impediments and hurdles to productivity.  • Responsible for facilitating the creation and prioritization of the Product Backlog, establishing Sprint goals and Sprint Backlog during the Sprint Planning Meeting.  • Removing any impediments hindering team from workin and achieving sprint  goals.  • Vigorously participating in establishing and providing Vision to the team and gaining consensus base on Acceptance Criteria.  • Leveraging project metrics such as burn-down and velocity chats to judge project  progress while managing risks and impediments, stakeholder communication  plans, vendors, and other outsourced resources.  • Helping product owners in maintain the product backlog in a way that ensures the needed work is well understood so the team can continually make forward progress  • Providing status reports to business stakeholders, program managers, on new  enhancements to the work product, making sure it aligned to the stakeholders and customer's needs.  • Scheduling bug triage meetings, to assess priority of bugs and cleanup  • Empowering and Increasing collaboration amongst team members so they can be  self-organizing and self-managing themselves. ensuring the team is maximizing its  capacity and delivering valuable increments every 2 weeks Scrum Master NuStar Energy - San Antonio, TX July 2014 to February 2017 Facilitated the adoption and implementation of the Scrum framework - facilitating  sprint planning, backlog grooming, daily scrums, sprint reviews and sprint  retrospectives.  • Organized scrum meetings, enforcing time boxes and radiating information and project progress to project stakeholders as requested.  • Ensured our Jira task board was always up to date, and always visible to the development team  • Worked effectively with multiple Scrum teams, serving as a scrum master  simultaneously for two software teams with some offshore resources  • Collaborated with project members to identify and resolve issues/impediments  blocking teams from doing their work  • Helped the product owner in defining and maintaining the product backlog.  Coaching him on ways to maximize the value of the backlog and always keep it up to date with INVEST ready stories  • Managed and motivated project teams to promote collaboration and keep members  on-task and productive.  • Drove Scrum team progress to overcome obstacles and realize success throughout life of each sprint.  • Provided extensive guidance on Agile scrum processes and methodologies to highly  effective teams with goals of improving quality and productivity.  • Coached the development team to become self organized and cross - functional  team.  • Collaborated with other scrum masters and project managers to ensure high  quality integrated deliverables  • Facilitated effective Sprint Retrospectives to help my teams inspect and adapt our  scrum process. Ensuring everyone is heard and appreciated and always making  sure we craft good process improvement action items to enact in the next sprint. Database Administrator General Dynamics Information Technology - Warrenton, VA July 2012 to June 2013 • Extensively involved in installing the oracle RDBM software, creating and configuring the databases (PROD, DEV, and TEST)  • Monitored different databases and application servers using Oracle Enterprise  Manager (OEM) 10g Grid Control  • Implemented Flashback technology of the Oracle 11g, 10g for a faster recovery of the databases and database objects.  • Responsible for setting up environments like installing, maintaining Oracle 12c  RAC, Standby databases for High availability and Disaster recovery, upgrading and configuring the Oracle environment by creating databases, storage structures and  objects, database backup and recovery, monitoring and optimizing database  performance.  • Worked on all database activities such as User management, space management  and database security management on 10g, 11g and 12c databases on SOLARIS, LINUX and WINDOWS servers.  • Performed high level Troubleshooting and Tuning, Written Shell Scripts for monitoring performance and health checks using scripts, AWR, ASH, ADDM, SQL  tuning advisors and OEM.  • Installed 11g/12c software and created databases in RAC and non RAC  environments for new projects by interacting with multiple application teams.  • Analyzed the user requirements, designed partitioned tables and created indexes  for improving performance and manageability because many queries can prune  partitions.  • Hands on experience in enabling auditing and finding the schemas failed login  attempts, created and dropped users, granting and revoking rights as and when required.  • Proactively managed the databases, set up notifications, alarms using shell scripts  for managing any exceptions in day-to-day management of the databases.  • Expertise in Oracle networking, Performed Daily Monitoring of Oracle Instances, monitor users, and table spaces, Memory Structures, Rollback Segments, Logs and  Alerts. Education MBA in Engineering Management Southern New Hampshire University - Hooksett, NH May 2019 Skills Sql, Agile Scrum, Jira, Rally, Scrum Master, Versionone, Scrum, PM, Database, Certified Scrum Master, Kanban Additional Information SKILLS  • Project management • Capacity planning  • Agile Frameworks • Story Estimation  • Servant Leadership • Documentation management  • Conflict Resolution • Risk mitigation planning  • Strong communication skills • Quality assurance  • Stakeholder relations • Planning and implementation    TECHNICAL SKILLS  Familiar Technologies: Java, .Net, C#, C++, Python, Swift, React, Javascript, Angula  Node.Js,  Environment: Oracle 11g oracle 10g IBM AIX V6.1, RHEL 5.2, RAC, ASM, RMAN,  AWR, ADDM, SQL* Plus, SQL*Loader, OEM, TOAD 10.0. NOSQL  TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES  Operating Systems HP-UX 10.x, 11.x. Sun Solaris 2.5, 2.6, 8, 9, 10. AIX 5.1, 5.2, 5.3,  6.1 RHEL 2.1, 3.x, 4.x, 5.x.Linux Enterprise Server 9, 10. Windows, RDBMS Oracle 10g,  11g Microsoft SQL Oracle 12C NOSQL  Database Utilities  SQL*Plus, Oracle Enterprise Manager, Real Application Cluster, ASM, Transportable  Tablespaces, SQL*Loader, RMAN, DataPump, Export, Import  Languages: SQL, PL/SQL, UNIX Shell Scripting, PERL.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1065.html#75:::Programmer & Database Administrator;Web Application Programmer & Database Administrator;Server- Side Programmer;Passed Level 1 of the CFA Program (June 2018, CFA Institute);Microsoft Office;Database - Oracle, my-sql, ms-sql;Java Programming:::Programmer & Database Administrator Programmer &amp; <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Duarte, CA I'm pursuing an investment specialist. Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience Programmer & Database Administrator Bucheon University - Bucheon January 2011 to May 2015 •  Management & Development Database, Portal, Website, and Unix System Web Application Programmer & Database Administrator AJU IT - Seoul, KR May 2010 to December 2010 • Manage & Develop Database, Website, Groupware, Knowledge Management System Server- Side Programmer Point I - Seoul, KR December 2008 to April 2010 • Develop Device Synchronization System for website & Server-side Application Education Master's in Business Administration & Finance WESTCLIFF University - Cerritos, CA June 2018 to Present Master's in Business Administration California University of Management & Sciences - Anaheim, CA January 2018 to June 2018 Bachelor's in bachelor's in electronic & telecommunication engineering Kangwon National University - Chuncheon March 2001 to February 2009 Skills Passed Level 1 of the CFA Program (June 2018, CFA Institute), Microsoft Office, Database - Oracle, my-sql, ms-sql, Java Programming Certifications/Licenses Certified Investment Manager August 2015 to Present Korea Financial Investment Association SCJP 5.0 July 2008 to Present Sun Microsystems Certified Fund Investment Advisor May 2014 to April 2017 Korea Financial Investment Association Certified Derivatives Investment Advisor October 2014 to September 2017 Korea Financial Investment Association Additional Information I'm currently an MBA program student and expect to graduate at the end of this year.      I can work through CPT after visa processing time. After graduation, I can work also through OPT. However, I want to work for a long time in a stable situation. Therefore, I prefer the company that can support the visa,     After this year(after graduation), I can move to another city. 
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1066.html#76:::Manager Donor and Data Management;Database and Campaign Administrator;Database Manager;Database and Systems Senior Manager;Development Operations Manager;Development Database Manager;Microsoft Office (10+ years);Raiser's Edge (10+ years);NetCommunity (10+ years);Online Express (3 years);Luminate Online (6 years);Microsoft Dynamic CRM (3 years);Daxco (2 years);Import-o-matic (3 years);Prospect Research (10+ years);Internal Communications (10+ years);Reporting (10+ years);Supervising (10+ years);Customer Service Experience (10+ years);Event Support (10+ years);10-Key (10+ years):::Manager Donor and Data Management Manager Donor and Data Management Zimmerman, MN Results-oriented, hands-on professional, with a successful record of accomplishments in nonprofit database administration and management. Experience in data entry, reporting, training, maintenance, and customer service with focus on providing a high quality user experience. I have built databases, trained users and provided support for nonprofits of all sizes and across all markets.  Major strengths include strong leadership, excellent communication skills, competency, strong team player, attention to detail, supervisory skills including hiring, termination, scheduling, training, and other administrative tasks. Thorough knowledge of current nonprofit database practices and a clear vision to meet Development goals and benchmarks. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Manager Donor and Data Management YMCA of the Greater Twin Cities February 2017 to Present *Cleaned existing data base of 400,000 plus donors  *Integrated outside database into current database  *Created reports, exports and queries for 37 branches/camps and Senior  Leadership team  *Streamlined processing to reduce error rate and improve processing times  *Worked with Finance to tie out between systems  *Supervised team of 3 staff Database and Campaign Administrator Westminster Presbyterian Church September 2016 to January 2017 *Built the Raiser's Edge database for this organization  *Created Policies and Procedures for use of Raiser's Edge  *Created meaningful reports, exports and queries for Development, Finance, Board and Executive level staff  *Prepped system for Nxt integration Database Manager Benilde St. Margaret's Catholic School - Saint Louis Park, MN May 2016 to September 2016 *Data Entry of gifts, new students, parents and alumni  *Pull mailing lists and reports for Development staff  *Work with Finance to reconcile and resolve coding issues  *Hire and train new data entry specialist Database and Systems Senior Manager Alzheimer's Association - Edina, MN March 2015 to May 2016 *Update and Maintain databases (Raiser's Edge and Convio)  *Oversee daily data processing by staff  *Create Donor Stewardship procedures and policies  *Create policies and procedures to insure accurate and timely data entry  *Rebuild coding system - Funds, Campaigns, Appeals and Packages  *Create and maintain reports for Finance, Development and Leadership teams  *Created 2 years of clean, reportable data using the new coding structure Development Operations Manager Scholarship America - Bloomington, MN July 2012 to March 2015 *Mine database for potential high level prospects  *Research new prospects  *Provide training and support for Development and leadership level staff  *Using internet and fee based software, produce background reports and giving  potential reports for Major gift officers  *Serve as database expert for all staff regardless of department  *Clean and Maintain Raiser's Edge database  *Supervise the daily work of gift entry staff  *Serve as database expert for all staff regardless of department *Create and disperse donor, appeal and fund reports Development Database Manager Scholarship America - Bloomington, MN January 2011 to July 2012 *Clean and Maintain Raiser's Edge database  *Supervise the daily data entry and gift processing  *Reconcile with Finance on a daily, weekly and monthly basis  *Manage the acknowledgment process including creating and updating letters    *Manage pledges and quarterly pledges reminders  *Manage staff giving campaign.  *Enter and Maintain critical event and proposal information. Education None in Outdoor Education Northland College - Ashland, WI September 1992 to November 1994 Associate in Liberal Arts Central Lakes College-Brainerd - Brainerd, MN September 1989 to May 1991 Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), Raiser's Edge (10+ years), NetCommunity (10+ years), Online Express (3 years), Luminate Online (6 years), Microsoft Dynamic CRM (3 years), Daxco (2 years), Import-o-matic (3 years), Prospect Research (10+ years), Internal Communications (10+ years), Reporting (10+ years), Supervising (10+ years), Customer Service Experience (10+ years), Event Support (10+ years), 10-Key (10+ years) Certifications/Licenses Blackbaud Certified Raiser's Edge Professional February 2016 to Present Blackbaud Certified Nxt Fundamentals August 2019 to Present Blackbaud Certified Luminate Fundamentals August 2019 to Present Blackbaud Certified Best Practices, Fundraising and Marketing August 2019 to Present
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1067.html#77:::Scrum Master;Scrum Master;Oracle Database Administrator;Data Base Administrator;Coaching;Mentoring;Agile Scrum;Jira;Rally;Scrum Master;Scrum;CSM;PM:::Scrum Master Scrum Master Scrum Master - Salazar Inc Oklahoma City, OK Enthusiastic IT Professional with Overall 7+ years of IT Industry Experience and 3 Years' experience  as Scrum Master leading multiple teams on SDLC in both Waterfall and Agile Environments.    • Proven exceptional Understanding of the Scrum theory and Best Practices.    • Experience as a Scrum Master facilitating, mentoring, and training teams and organization  on agile implementation and best practices, leading continuous improvement efforts within  teams with high focus on Self Organization and Accountability and Ownership.    • Experience facilitating, preparing, and leading Scrum ceremonies including Sprint planning,  Daily Scrums, sprint review/ demos, and collaborative design sessions; experience  prioritizing tasks and mitigating Impediments.    • Familiarity with Agile Project Management Tools like JIRA/Confluence, TFS    • Experience working with Product Owners and team(s) to meet established Sprint and  Release goals.    • Good Understanding Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Best Practices. Work Experience Scrum Master Salazar Inc - Oklahoma City, OK January 2019 to Present I Play a critical role in driving culture of ownership, self-development, and coaching 2 scrum  teams make the most out of self-organizing while ensuring adherence to Scrum Values and Best Practices by all Team members.  • Coordinating all Scrum Ceremonies including Sprint Planning, Daily Scrum meetings, Sprint  Retrospectives, Product Backlog Refinement Sessions, and Release Planning.  • Collaborating with Product Owner and Development team on properly estimating user  stories using poker planning and other technics when the need arises.  • Removing any form of impediments for the Scrum team using both internal and external  resources, making sure the team can focus on the work required to meet Sprint Goal.  • Using key Scrum metrics (Burn down charts, velocity, Agile Board) to help manage delivery  of valued committed work  • Supporting the Product Owner to define scope and objectives and continues Product Backlog  Refinement.  • Researching Agile/Scrum techniques and shared findings with the team and making sure the Scrum processes and Best Practices are being followed and all time-boxed events happen and  do not exceed the time frame as defined by the scrum guide. Scrum Master Geico Insurance - Dallas, TX June 2017 to January 2019 Established and organized high-performing development teams with onshore and offshore  resources.  • Conducted grooming meetings, Daily standup, Sprint Planning, Sprint Review & Sprint  Retrospective meetings.  • Used Burn-down and velocity charts to monitor project progress and radiate information to stakeholders and program managers  • Identified risks and impediments such as blockers, issues, critical defects, resolve/mitigated  them daily  • Shielded my teams from external interference and distractions for optimal productivity and success in meeting sprint goals and deliverables  • Worked with other scrum masters to Coordinate and synchronize project plans, activities, and dependencies of parallel projects, making sure work was continuously in sync.  • Used consensus building approach to create strong team commitment to the project and each other.  • Helped set-up and managed Kanban board configuration for one of the teams, enforcing WIP  limits and making sure team members understood workflow. Oracle Database Administrator Berean Technologies - Detroit, MI March 2015 to May 2017 Worked in a DBA team of 8 managing a 1.5 terabyte Production Oracle Relational database and few instances of Microsoft SQL Server.  Worked on several Database migration projects from Oracle 10g to 11g and 12c.  Assisted ETL DBA for reporting projects Interacting with database to generate workflow reports.  Firsthand ASH, AWR, RMAN, Virtualization and OEM. Data Base Administrator CCA Bank - CM February 2010 to December 2014 Performed monthly and annual performance reports for trend analysis and capacity  planning.  • Successfully installed and configured Oracle 11.1.0.7, Monitored different databases and application servers using Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) 10g Grid Control.  • Assist in SQL tuning and providing consultation such as creating Materialized views, adding  indices, dropping unnecessary indices, using hints wherever possible, amongst others.  • Successful in applying RDBMS patches, security patches for improving the security and functionality of the databases. Extensively used AWR, ADDM and explain plan for periodic  performance tuning.  •Implementing Data pump, conventional export/import utility of Oracle 11g, 10g for re- organizing Databases/Schemas/Tables to improve the performance.  • Database monitoring/maintenance, replication process and performance tuning using OEM  Automated the processes like moving files, managing alert log, efficient backup by developing  UNIX scripts.  • Involved in the installation, configuration and extended support to Oracle 11g, 10g two Node  RAC with ASM file system on Sun Solaris platform.  Involved in converting a single instance database to Oracle 11g, 10g RAC databases. Education BACHELORS UNIVERSITY OF BUEA December 2009 Skills Coaching, Mentoring, Agile Scrum, Jira, Rally, Scrum Master, Scrum, CSM, PM Certifications/Licenses Professional Scrum Master PSM I Present Scrum.org  https://www.scrum.org/user/531796 Additional Information Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)  Tools & Technologies  Microsoft Office Suite  Databases    Other Skills  Coaching and mentoring.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1068.html#78:::SQL Server Database DBA/Admin;SQL Database Admin/Analyst;SQL Database Administrator;ASP (6 years);DATABASE (6 years);DATABASES (6 years);MAINTENANCE (6 years);MS SQL SERVER (6 years):::SQL Server Database DBA/Admin SQL Server <span class="hl">Database</span> DBA/Admin SQL Server Database DBA/Admin - OPTUM Care Columbia, MD US Citizen and Certified SQL Server DBA with professional experience for about 6 years in database administration, monitoring, designing, troubleshooting and performance tuning, seeking for a challenging position with a prospective company to utilize and expand my technical knowledge, skills and expertise using SQL Server Database. My expertise entails in database optimization, installation, backup/recovery, DR/HA, database design, security management including data encryption/decryption, ETL, SSIS and SSRS. Ability to identify root causes, bottlenecks and other database issues to troubleshoot and resolve promptly. Skilled in high availability SQL Server solutions including Log Shipping, Mirroring, Replications, Always On Availability Groups.    I am an effective communicator with strong work ethic, exceptional relationship, management skills and ability to relate to people at any professional level.    Security Clearance: Clearable Work Experience SQL Server Database DBA/Admin OPTUM Care - Columbia, MD November 2015 to Present Key Accomplishments:  ? Capacity planning of MS SQL Servers  ? Working knowledge in Data Encryption and Decryption in database and column level for data security.  ? Configure and Maintain SQL Server 2005 to 2014 in Development, UAT and QA environment  ? Monitor and Maintain Replications and Cluster nodes for High Availability.  ? Maintained Fail-Over Cluster In SQL Server 2008 and 2012  ? Applied upgrade in SharePoint SQL Server 2005 to 2012 in QA and production environment  ? Moved Data/Log files to different allocated drives in different servers  ? Assisted support team to apply SQL Sentry side/side upgrade from 7.0 to 8.0 for monitor servers  ? Applied patch to SQL server 2008R2/2012 in Development, Test and UAT environment  ? Analyzed the root cause of variety Database Performance issues and resolved them time to time  ? Utilized DBCC to check database validity, health, conditions and performance periodically  ? Used SQL Sentry and SQL Profiler for Database monitoring and performance issue daily basis  ? Monitored and recommend ideas to create, modify, Index (Cluster/Non-Cluster), Constraints, Views, Stored Procedures, Triggers in various tables for better performance  ? Established E-R Diagram in SQL server 2000/2005 databases to build relationship between tables which was migrated from flat files in COBOL language  ? Exported & Imported data from Flat files to/from SQL Server Database  ? Worked with reporting team to help generated report using SSRS in Excel, html and text format  ? Implemented Replication strategy with central publication for High Availability solution  ? Resolve job failure related activities including backup, performance and disk space  ? Created different Maintenance Plans and automation to monitor databases for better performance  ? Solved various ticketing issues daily basis using JIRA as a third party tool  ? Support and manage a few production servers and issues with direct client  ? Monitor and administer SQL Servers/Databases daily basis and solved problems as needed  ? Work with PM, developers and vendors with logical solutions to meet project deadline    Work Environment: Windows Server 2012, 2008 R2, IIS 7.5, SQL Server 2014, 2012, 2008 R2, and applications in JavaScript, ASP and ASP.net. SQL Database Admin/Analyst M&T Bank - Buffalo, NY November 2013 to October 2015 Key Accomplishments:  ? Installed, Configured, and Maintained SQL Server 2012 and 2014 in test and Production environments  ? Upgraded both in place and side/side from SQL Server older version to higher version  ? Configured and Maintained Fail-Over Clustering using SQL Server 2012  ? Installed and Configured SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)  ? Configured and Maintained Log Shipping and Mirroring for High Availability.  ? Migrated MS Access 2003/97 databases into MS SQL Server 2008 R2  ? Migrated Oracle 10gR2 and MySQL 5.1.23 databases to SQL Server 2008 R2 and 2012  ? Applied Patch (Service Pack) on SQL Server Instance as needed  ? Exercised time to time on database Performance tuning  ? Utilized DBCC to check database conditions and Rebuilding indexes as well  ? Strong working experience in creating, modifying tables, Index (Cluster/Non-Cluster), Constraints, Views, Stored Procedures and Triggers  ? Worked with developers supporting in query optimization  ? Data Modeling, established E-R Diagram, Reverse Engineering, Forward Engineering using ERwin and SSDD (SQL Server Data Diagram)  ? Export & Import data from/to databases like Oracle, MySQL and Access to/from SQL Server  ? Export & Import data from Flat file, CSV file to/from SQL Server Database using DTS, SSIS, and SSDT  ? Assisted to generate reports using SSRS in Excel, html and text as well  ? Excellent working experience in Database Backup, Restore and Point in Time Recovery  ? Working experience and strong knowledge in High Availability and Disaster Recovery solutions  ? Implemented different Maintenance Plans to scheduled jobs to automate different database related activities including backup, performance, optimization, disk space and memory usage  ? Used third party tool Service Now for ticketing and fixed issues accordingly  ? Monitored Server activity, error log, space usage and solved problems as needed    Work Environment: Windows Server 2012, 2008 R2, IIS 7.5, SQL Server 2012, 2008 R2, and applications in J2EE, PHP and ASP.net. SQL Database Administrator NBTY Inc - Bohemia, NY June 2012 to October 2013 Key Accomplishments:  ? Installed, Configured, and Maintained SQL Server 2008 and 2008 R2 in dev, test and prod environment  ? Configured database software, associated database tools and performance monitoring software.  ? Performed database/infrastructure physical design, database upgrades & applied software patches to databases as per application/client requirements.  ? Performed acceptance testing to verify that database changes perform without adverse consequences.  ? Customized support for Client's Applications and maintaining database objects and structures such as tables, indexes, views, triggers, functions, procedures.  ? Developed & maintained scripts, utility jobs or implement needed software for database maintenance.  ? Applied & managed SQL clustering, failover and load balance technologies per client requirement.  ? Developed & implemented a robust database backup and recovery strategy with client assistance.  ? Monitored data activities like database status, logs, space utilization, checkpoints, locks and blocks.  ? Suggested database application level tuning for queries and SQL objects for optimum performance.  ? Set up security and access profiles and procedures for database users.  ? Applied logical and physical data modeling for database design in SQL Server 2005, & 2008 R2.  ? Managed server and database level security by defining roles and rights to users.  ? Handled Fine Tuning Operating System in-coordination with Server and Network Administrator.  ? Monitored the database server performance and tuned using Idera.  ? Worked individually and as a proactive member of a team in daily activities.    Work Environment: Windows Server 2008 R2, 2003 R2, IIS 6.5, SQL Server 2008 R2, 2005, 2000, and applications in ASP. Education Bachelor's Skills ASP (6 years), DATABASE (6 years), DATABASES (6 years), MAINTENANCE (6 years), MS SQL SERVER (6 years) Certifications/Licenses ? Certified MCITP (Microsoft Certified IT Professional): 70-462 – Administering Microsoft SQL Server 2012/2014 ? Certified MCITP (Microsoft Certified IT Professional): 70-463 – Implementing a Data Warehouse with Microsoft SQL Server 2012/2014 Present Additional Information Technical Skills:    Database: SQL Server 2014, 2012, 2008 R2, 2005, 2000, MS Access, MySQL 5.1.25, 5.5  Operating System: Windows Server 2012, 2008 R2, 2003 R2, and Windows 10, 8, 7, XP  Languages: SQL, T-SQL, HTML, JavaScript, ASP, ASP.net  ETL Tools: DTS and SSIS  Reporting: SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services)  Data Modeling: ERwin, Toad Data Modeler, SSDD (SQL Server Database Diagram)  Third-Party Monitoring Tools: SolarWinds, OpNet, SQL Sentry/SentryOne, RedGate  Ticketing System: JIRA, ServiceNow, BugZilla  Hardware/Storage: SAN, RAID  VMWare VMWare, VSphere  Domain/Active Directory AD Accounts create, manage    Key Skills:  ? Expertise in MSSQL Database Administration in server configuration, monitoring, performance tuning and maintenance with efficient troubleshooting capabilities  ? Installed, configured, monitored, troubleshooting and Administered of SQL Server 2014, 2012, and 2008 R2  ? Strong technical ability to perform business analysis, write effective documentations and specifications  ? Knowledgeable in T-SQL, stored procedures, triggers and functions  ? Installed, configured, and Administered SQL Server in Standalone and High Availability Environment: Clustering, AlwaysOn, Replication, Mirroring, and Log Shipping  ? Skilled in develop, deploy, and manage ETL operations by SSIS using DTS, BIDS and SSDT tools  ? Worked on Data Modeling including managing Data Dictionary with Toad Data Modeler, and ERwin tools  ? Experienced in using DMV and DMF  ? Worked briefly on Cluster (active/active and active/passive nodes)  ? Worked on multiple projects on Migration and Server Consolidation  ? Experienced in Security Management operations  ? Proficient in SQL Server Backup/Recovery and Disaster Recovery solutions  ? Obtained experience in DR process including Replication, Log Shipping and Database Mirroring  ? Experienced on SQL Server 2012 upgrade (in place and side/side) from SQL Server 2008 / 2005  ? Worked on SQL Server 2014 and 2012 database migration from SQL Server 2008 R2 and 2005  ? Maintained individual and group service accounts for SQL Server security  ? Worked in Data Center and including managing VLDB databases  ? Skilled in Import, Export, Backup, Database Monitoring tools and Application support  ? Implemented Linked Servers between SQL Server 2008 R2 & Oracle 9i and 10g  ? Strong knowledge in Integration Services (SSIS) and Reporting Services (SSRS)  ? Working knowledge in Data Encryption and Data Decryption for data security  ? Experienced in mentoring, coaching and writing documentation
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1069.html#79:::Sr.MongoDB Architect (Developer/ Administrator/DBA);Senior MongoDB Administrator;Database Administrator (DBA);Database Administrator (DBA):::Sr.MongoDB Architect (Developer/ Administrator/DBA) Sr.MongoDB Architect (Developer/<span class="hl">Administrator</span>/DBA) Sr.MongoDB Architect (Developer/ Administrator/DBA) - American Express • Having 8+ years of experience in Database design, Administration and development in Mongo DB, Oracle and MySQL.  • Over 5+ years of experience in MongoDB Development, Installation, Configuration and Administration.  • Experienced in NOSQL Database design and principles (MongoDB, Cassandra)  • Proficient in designing MongoDB dynamic schemas and Data modelling concepts.  • Experienced in Design, Analysis, Administration and Development and implementation stages of several Client/Server applications using Java/J2EE, HTML5, JavaScript, JQUERY, Object Oriented Programming, SQL Server, MySQL and Oracle.  • Experienced in implementation of backup and recovery process for various databases like MongoDB, Oracle and MySQL. Work Experience Sr.MongoDB Architect (Developer/ Administrator/DBA) American Express - Houston, TX October 2013 to Present Responsibilities:  • Experience in managing large-scale, geographically-distributed database systems, including relational (Oracle, MySQL) and NoSQL (MongoDB) systems.  • Extensive experience in deploying, managing and developing with MongoDB clusters.  • Familiar with MongoDB clusters, performance tuning, backup and recovery.  • Manage run-time configuration, processes, scaling, backup and recovery, monitoring, and performance tuning for production MongoDB instances.  • Implementation of MongoDB security mechanism with various Authentications.  • Applied patches and upgraded from 2.6 and 3.2. Worked with multiple storage engines in MongoDB.  • Implemented LVM snapshots and MMS backups for large scale MongoDB systems. Administering MongoDB databases using various Mongo utilities.  • Created multiple databases with sharded collections and choosing shard key based on the requirements.  • Worked on custom map/reduce engine to analyze MongoDB databases directly using the on-disk format. Faster and more memory-efficient than other solutions. Used for generating metrics to drive business decisions.  • Worked on API server and maintained, written using Python Twisted and my own MongoDB driver. Handles data synchronization to millions of mobile devices from a single machine.  • Scalable data design for MongoDB and Redis. Worked on pre-splitting mechanism using shard keys to distribute data across shards.  • Point in time Backup and recovery in MongoDB using onsite MMS.  • Familiar with MongoDB clusters, Java scripting to load unstructured data into sharding environment.  • Manage and maintain MongoDB servers across multiple environments.  • Migrated large amount of data between mongo clusters using mongodump, mongorestore, mongoexport and mongoimport.  • Worked on creating GridFS collections and loading GridFS data using Mongofile utilities.  • Implemented CR Authentication, SHA-1 Authentication across different MongoDB versions.  • Worked on restoring rollbacks when primary node is switching in replica set because of system failures.  • Involved in Requirements and Analysis: Understanding the requirements of the client and the flow of the application as well as the MVC application Framework.  • Worked on creating indexes on secondary nodes.  • Implemented Tag awaresharding depending upon the data requirement and balancing chunks in sharded cluster.    Environment: MongoDB, Cassandra, MMS, Puppet, Linux/Unix, LVM Snapshots, Backup scheduler, Data guard, sharding, replication, python, shell scripting, Pearl, PyMongo, Java script. Senior MongoDB Administrator Conifer - Dallas, TX May 2011 to September 2013 Responsibilities:  • Managing large-scale, geographically-distributed database systems, including relational MySQL and NoSQL (MongoDB) systems  • Administration and management of the entire development, QA and production environment.  • Installed and configured MySQL on Linux and Windows environments.  • Performed installation, new databases design, configuration, backup, recovery, security, upgrade and schema changes, tuning and data integrity.  • Increased database performance by utilizing MySQL config changes, multiple instances and by upgrading hardware.  • Performed CRUD operations like Update, Insert and Delete data in MongoDB.  • Worked on creation of MongoDB databases, collections and deploying JavaScript's using mongo shell.  • Responsible for managing MongoDB environment with high availability, performance and scalability perspectives.  • Assisted with sizing, query optimization, backup and recovery, installations, upgrades and security including other administration functions as part of profiling plan.  • Worked with the engineering team to implement new design systems of databases used by the company.  • Effectively configured MySQL Replication.  • Designed databases for referential integrity and involved in logical design plan.  • Performance Tuning on a daily basis for preventing issues and providing capacity planning using MySQL Enterprise Monitor.  • Developed stored procedures, triggers in MySQL for lowering traffic between servers & clients.  • Ability to carry out security tasks at network level such as block/unblock TCP/IP ports through firewall on both Linux and windows and block/unblock remote access to MySQL server.  • Proficiency in Unix/Linux shell commands.  • Created and deleted users, groups and set up restrictive permissions, configuration of the sudo files etc. Configuring/Installing/Troubleshooting PHP.  • Created data extracts as part of data analysis and exchanged with internal staff. Performed MySQL Replication setup and administration on Master-Slave and Master-Master.  • Shell script is being used for some data migration and backend work management. Supporting management with different database related decisions.  • Handling Release management and user acceptance.    Environment: MySQL, MongoDB, Master-slave replication, HTTP, PHP, Import Export, AIX, HP-UX, and Red Hat, Data guard, sharding, replication, python, shell scripting, Pearl, PyMongo, Java script. Database Administrator (DBA) CVS Health - Irving, TX February 2010 to April 2011 Responsibilities:  • Recognized and fine-tuned the database for its specific behaviors. Monitored running database server and performed tuning techniques.  • Collaborated with developers, architects, and business stakeholders to create high-performance, cost-effective solutions.  • Ensured data integrity with good process and detected errors and misuses of data.  • Administered Mysql database installations and upgrades, performance monitoring and tuning, backup and recovery, space management, capacity planning and resource utilization.  • Researched new database technologies and methodologies. Enabled required data extract, transform, and load procedures and packages. Involved in creating customer invoice reports.  • Ability to carry out security tasks at network level such as block/unblock TCP/IP ports through firewall on both Linux and windows and block/unblock remote access to MySQL server.  • Created data extracts as part of data analysis and exchanged with internal staff.  • Performed MySQL Replication setup and administration on Master-Slave and Master-Master.  • Shell script is being used for some data migration and backend work management. Version control through SVN.  • Actively participated and provided feedback in a constructive and insightful manner during weekly Iterative review meetings to track the progress for each iterative cycle and figure out the issues.    Environment: MySQL, Master-slave replication, HTTP, PHP, Import Export, AIX, HP-UX, and Red Hat, Data guard, replication, python, shell scripting, Sql, Pearl, Java script. Database Administrator (DBA) J.Crew Group, Inc - Dallas, TX June 2008 to February 2010 Responsibilities:  • Review SQL and PL/SQL for Production and sub-environments to ensure accuracy and optimization.  • Performed daily monitoring of databases for availability and performance metrics.  • Reviewed log files from overnight and batch processes for significant events.  • Created Database tables, views and indexes.  • Creation of functions using PL/SQL. Creation of DML, DDL, DRL, TCL, DCL using SQL. Creation of Joins, Equijoin, Sub quires in SQL.  • Invoices are imported from the Excel sheets to the Oracle Database using SQL * LOADER  • Developed Reports as per client requirement.  • Involved in creation of SQL and PLSQL scripts. Creation of Packages, Stored Procedures & triggers using PL/SQL and loaded data using SQL*Loader.  • Created HTML and CSS from Photoshop mockups.  • Defined and developed the application's presentation layer using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and JQuery Scripting and framework.  • Worked and involved in development, enhancement and testing of the application. Defined different media queries for different devices.  • Got chance to interact with business team on regular basis and gather requirements.  • Successfully wrote and implemented SQL Queries, Stored procedures and Triggers in SQL Server  • Heavily interacted with the end users and stakeholders for design validation.  • Evaluated, analyzed, and tested web interface to understand and enhance the overall usability of the designs.  • Actively participated and provided feedback in a constructive and insightful manner during weekly Iterative review meetings to track the progress for each iterative cycle and figure out the issues.  • Ensured site design integrity and quality control consistency throughout the project's lifecycle.  • Updated the website from time to time for special Requirements.  • Responsible for quality assurance of finished websites including the validation of web forms and links.    Environment: SQL, JavaScript and windows XP, Oracle 9i, Developer 2000, XML, Windows NT 4.0, MS Access 2000.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\107.html#80:::Database Administrator;Database Administrator / SQL Developer:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator - CCA Global Partners St. Louis, MO Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Administrator CCA Global Partners - St. Louis, MO 2017 to Present Manage a database environment of 14 production MSSQL servers and 1 MongoDB server. Duties include but are not limited to: database performance tuning and monitoring, data correction, backup management, gathering requirements and developing technical solutions to complex problems, and SSIS development. Experience with SQL 2000, 2005, 2008 R2, 2012, 2014, 2016, and MongoDB Database Administrator / SQL Developer Genesys - Jacksonville, FL 2013 to 2017 • Enhanced end users' understanding of database systems through training, creating documentation, and organized a company meeting for the database topic of the month to cross-train other developers  • Innovated time-saving data-modification systems that automated database update functions to meet or exceed the needs of the business  • Assisted in the planning and implementation of a migration into AWS from a local datacenter  • Managed a local environment of 75 databases supporting business-critical accounting software Education Master of Science in Information Technology in database systems NOVA Southeastern University - Fort Lauderdale, FL August 2016
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1070.html#81:::Financial Analyst;Accounting Assistant;Database Administrator;Substitute Teacher;Accounting;Forecasting;Budgeting;Financial Reporting;Pivot Tables;Financial Analysis;Microsoft Word:::Financial Analyst Financial Analyst Niantic, CT Work Experience Financial Analyst Goodwin College - East Hartford, CT 2017 to Present ? Create new automated and interactive dashboards in order to assess the college’s financial status  ? Run and analyze monthly expense reports, identifying sources of unfavorable variances from budget  ? Communicate between administrative, programmatic, and financial departments to develop the college’s annual budget  ? Consolidate financial information into a monthly report for the Board of Trustees, forecasting financial risks and opportunities  ? Develop various financial models as needed Accounting Assistant 4AllPromos/4AllGifts - Essex, CT 2016 to 2017 ? Managed incoming/outgoing payments for multi-million dollar company  ? Created sales and expense reports  ? Generated aging reports and initiate efforts to secure payment from delinquent customers, significantly reducing overdue bills  ? Assisted with reconciling bank statement with company records Database Administrator Saybrook Country Barn 2015 to 2016 ? Generated purchase orders and invoices  ? Managed team of 3-4 product receiving employees and created procedures that substantially reduced  discrepancies during annual inventory count  ? Led project to create digital price lists for employees to refer to on tablets Substitute Teacher East Lyme Public Schools 2011 to 2013 ? Managed K-12 classrooms  ? Tutored town MathCounts team, finishing second place in state competition and sending one student to national competition Education Bachelor's in Mathematics University of Connecticut - Storrs, CT August 2007 to May 2011 Skills Accounting, Forecasting, Budgeting, Financial Reporting, Pivot Tables, Financial Analysis, Microsoft Word Assessments Accounting: Basic Principles — Expert August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to prepare financial records according to federal policies. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/ftrwjxdfzjgufne6 Project Management Skills: Budgeting — Expert August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to manage project budgets by appropriately allocating and monitoring financial resources. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/aqhixmffg04hnrof Data Analysis — Expert August 2019 Measures a candidate's skill in interpreting and producing graphs, identifying trends, and drawing justifiable conclusions from data. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/jbnstxyelufvav2r Basic Computer Skills: PC — Expert August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to perform basic computer operations, navigate a Windows OS, and troubleshoot common computer problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/dc0fhmlpbhsjyglc Business Math — Expert August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to use basic math to solve problems in a business context. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/ns3j1xh5tbkqyrhc Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1071.html#82:::Database Administrator;Director of Support Systems;Payroll Manager;Database (4 years);database design. (2 years);Microsoft Office (5 years);MS OFFICE (5 years);payroll (7 years);Human Resource;Adp Payroll;ADP;Payroll Tax:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator Lone Jack, MO Talented Database Administrator with broad background in data-mining/reporting, information technology, benefits and payroll administration. Strengths include excellent verbal and written communication, strong analytical and problem-solving skills and working as part of a team or independently. Expert attention to detail and dedication to providing world-class service. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Administrator The Whole Person - Kansas City, MO January 2015 to June 2017 • Manage a staff of 4 in the Fraud/Audit Compliance Department who process investigations into program compliance and Medicaid fraud in association with payroll and billing as well as management of the file room.  • Processed Quarterly and Annual 704 Reports for Federal and State grant purposes.  • Managed record requests from Missouri Department of Health and Senior Services and Missouri Medicaid Audit and Compliance Unit.  • Data mined for inconsistencies in reporting data and implemented policies of efficiency to minimize error including designing workflows and meta data labeling in preparation for the new Enterprise Content Management system.  • Designed scripts in Crystal Reports to produce financial reports for payroll and taxes.  • Implemented an all-in-one solution for Electronic Visit Verification, Payroll, Billing and Case management through HHA Exchange.  • Point person for troubleshooting many company-wide issues on an everyday basis with such as Microsoft Office, Adobe Acrobat E-Forms, and IT needs  • Established compatibility with third party software products by developing program for modification and integration.  • Provided continued maintenance and development of bug fixes and patch sets for existing web applications  • Implemented company policies, technical procedures and standards for preserving the integrity and security of data, reports and access.  • Designed strategic plan for component development practices to support future projects.  • Managed creative projects from concept to completion while managing outside vendors.  • Developed work-flow charts and diagrams to ensure production team compliance with client deadlines. Director of Support Systems The Whole Person - Kansas City, MO January 2013 to January 2015 • Managed and designed the implementation of new processes and systems and the upkeep of current software to support the company's growth and quality of service delivery to consumers.  • Attend state quarterly meetings to stay up-to-date with Consumer Directed Services Program changes.  • Administered company access to CyberAccess, E-Verify, Family Care Safety Registry, Employee Disqualification List, CYMA, EMOMED, Amber Clinic Manager, New Hire Reporting web site, Skylight, MITC, HHA Exchange, Global Cash Card System).  • Backup Payroll Administrator in processing staff payroll and paying taxes through QuickBooks, Paycor and company bank.  • Utilized a pipe and filter model to find bottlenecks and enable measurement of system resource usage and process behavior at boundary limits of all operations.  • Recommended architectural improvements, design solutions and integration solutions.  • Provided methodologies for object-oriented software development and efficient database design. Payroll Manager The Whole Person - Kansas City, MO January 2010 to January 2013 • Managed Consumer Directed Service multi-state program payroll, employer taxes, and Medicaid billing for 1200 employers and 1500 employees using Medicaid billing functions for consumers using Microsoft Office, CYMA, and Amber Clinic Manager.  • Managed a staff of eight who paid and billed Medicaid biweekly (over 1000) time sheets.   • Assisted staff with customer service calls from employers and employees.  • Reconciled all payroll liabilities to the general ledger and prepared monthly payroll accrual entries.  • Managed and remained up-to-date on multi-state sales and use tax filings and set up new states as needed.  • Ensured that proper internal controls over the tax compliance process were in place and routinely  • Reviewed, investigated and corrected errors and inconsistencies in financial entries, documents  • Completed payroll functions for consumers of the Missouri Medicaid Program, Consumer Directed Services.  • Processed terminations.    Payroll Specialist  The Whole Person - Kansas City, MO    Services using Microsoft Office and ADP Pay Expert.  Perform customer service for both consumers and attendants.  Assist co-workers in the completion of their job duties  Processed terminations.    Release Specialist  James B Nutter & Company - Kansas City, MO  Processed the release of loans with other companies and local county entities.  Entered data entry of loans. Handled customer service phone calls.    Office Manager / Designer  Extreme Signs - Independence, Missouri  Performed all Payroll and Accounting functions using Quick Books.  Helped design and produce vinyl signage.  Assisted with inventory.  Handled customer service phone calls.  Coordinated with systems partners to finalize designs and confirm requirements.  Streamlined and enhanced the corporate accounting and operations system. Education High School Diploma Center Place Restoration School - Independence, MO Associate of Applied Science in Information Technology Metropolitan Community College - Kansas City, MO Skills Database (4 years), database design. (2 years), Microsoft Office (5 years), MS OFFICE (5 years), payroll (7 years), Human Resource, Adp Payroll, ADP, Payroll Tax Certifications/Licenses Fundamental Payroll Certification (APA) August 2016 to August 2019 Additional Information Skills  • Extensive Microsoft Office knowledge.  • Database design with SQL Server and Microsoft Access.  • Work well in challenging environments and Excellent problem-solving abilities situations.  • System upgrades Data backup and retrieval  • Resourceful and quick learner. Brand development  • Attention to detail   • Excellent communication skills  • Payroll administration experience   • Excellent diagnostic skills  • Project management  • Diplomatic  • Processing garnishments
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1072.html#83:::POS Database Administrator;Interactive Voice Response Tester (Temporary);Excel (10+ years);Linux (3 years);Mac OS (10+ years);Microsoft Office (10+ years);Data Entry (5 years);Database Management (5 years):::POS Database Administrator POS <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> POS Database Administrator - Xenial, Inc Warminster, PA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience POS Database Administrator Xenial, Inc - Lansdale, PA June 2014 to Present • Managed 20+ databases for different quick service restaurant (QSR) brands including Burger King, Popeyes, Tim Hortons, Bojangles and more across the US and internationally  • Created and maintained databases for Popeyes that are now active in over 1000 restaurants throughout the US, Mexico & Canada  • Responsible for the reviewing, documenting, processing and testing of database requests from the franchisor, franchise and support channels  • Added and tested new products, discounts, recipes, inventory, coupons, etc. to the Point of Sale system which allowed the restaurants and franchisees to explore new revenue streams  • Performed inventory and recipe audits, both internal and working for franchisor  • Developed and sent daily newsletters and important reminders to franchisees informing them about future promotions and upcoming POS changes  • Tracked and followed up on data and support issues  • Trained 5 new POS database administrators who joined our menu maintenance team in the last two years Interactive Voice Response Tester (Temporary) ASCENSUS - Dresher, PA February 2014 to May 2014 • Called inContact to evaluate and analyze the IVR test scripts  • Executed automated test scripts and conducted root cause analysis  • Helped improve the existing IVR by searching for defects with IVR test cases and reporting them to the developer  • Documented testing and product bugs/defects encountered  • Made sure the voicing of each prompt was spoken as reflected in the test case Education Bachelor of Arts in History in History La Salle University - Philadelphia, PA August 2013 Skills Excel (10+ years), Linux (3 years), Mac OS (10+ years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), Data Entry (5 years), Database Management (5 years)
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1073.html#84:::Database Administrator;Database Administrator;SQL Server Database Administrator/developer;Senior Data Analyst;Database;Sql server;Sql server 2008;Oltp;Postgresql:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator - IBM consulting Boston, MA ? About 9+ year experience in SQL Server Database Administration, Design, System Analysis, Testing, Development and Support of MS SQL Server 2016/2014/2012/2008R2/2008/2005/2000 in Production and Development Environments.  ? Experience in database administration and development activities such as Installation, Configuration, Database design & development, Data modeling, Backup & Recovery, Performance tuning and Query Optimization, Data Transformation Services, and Database Security  ? Experience working with MS SQL Server 2016/2014/2012/2008R2/2008/2005/2000 versions. Hands on experience in SQL Server DTS and SSIS (SQL Server Integration Service) package design, constructing, and deployment.  ? Upgraded SQL Server Databases from SQL Server 2000/2005 to SQL Server 2008R2/2016  ? Extensive knowledge of Relational Database Management Systems (RDBMS)  ? Expert in creation of tables, views, triggers, stored procedures and functions using SQL (Structured Query Language) and T-SQL (Transact-SQL).  ? Assisted on the Adhoc-Query requests based on the requirement by using Joins, Sub Queries and Co-related Sub Queries.  ? Exquisite skills in SSMS-Creating and scheduling jobs, alerts and operators with SQL Server Agent, handling Backup/Recovery of databases, Replication, Linked Servers, and Database Maintenance.  ? Experience in implementing different types of Replication such as Snapshot and Transactional.  ? Expertise in database Disaster Recovery procedures. Developed and documented disaster recovery plans and backup and recovery strategies for production environment.  ? Experience in Batch processes, Import, Export, Database Monitoring tools and Application support.  ? Disaster Recovery planning and implementation - Database mirroring, Log shipping, Replication and Active Passive clustering.  ? Performance tuning, Index tuning, trouble shooting, maintenance and monitoring using Performance Dashboard reports, Database Tuning Advisor, SQL Profiler, Server Side Trace, Dynamic Management views (DMV) and DMFs.  ? Experience in planning and implementing Database Security by creating Logins, Users, Roles and assigning permissions according to the requirement.  ? Experience in developing and tuning SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) packages and SSRS reports.  ? Experience in creating packages to transfer data between ORACLE, MS ACCESS and FLAT FILES to SQL SERVER using DTS/SSIS  ? Experienced in designing SSIS packages to perform ETL from heterogeneous sources (e.g. Excel, CSV, Oracle, flat files, and text format data) to generate underlying data for reports and to export cleansed data.  ? Hands on experience creating dynamic reports (e.g. Tabular, Matrix, Drill-Down, Cascaded Parameterized, Charts, Sub Reports, Ad-Hoc, Cross Tab) using SSRS 2008/2012.  ? Involved in all phases of SDLC,worked indevelopment methodologies,such as Agile,Scrum, test driven, Rapid application Development,and Waterfall.  ? Configuring and maintaining Report Manager and Report Server for reporting services.  ? Documenting procedures in runbooks.  ? Supported more than 1,000 databases, 500 applications and 200 servers  ? Experience in providing 24 x 7 production support.  ? Excellent interpersonal, analytical and communication skills and committed team player, self-motivated and work well under pressure. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Administrator IBM consulting - Boston, MA February 2019 to Present Database hardening - compliance and remediation (SQL Server 2000 - 2016)  ? Upgrade and Migration of more than 500 databases to SQL Server 2016  ? Troubleshooting and performance tuning  ? Design, Building and configuring new servers Database Administrator Pacific Northwest National Laboratory - Richland, WA December 2017 to February 2019 Responsible for Installation, Configuration and Administration of SQL Server  ? Installed SQL Server 2016/2014/2012/2008R2/2008/2005 on Windows Clustered and standalone environments with latest service packs.  ? Migrated SQL Server Databases from SQL Server 2000/2005 to SQL Server 2008R2/2016  ? Developed SQL scripts to Insert, Update and Delete data in SQL database tables.  ? Was responsible for defining relationship between tables, and enforced referential integrity constraints.  ? Created and re-evaluated indexes and made required process modifications for better performance.  ? Table Partitioning for existing and new application databases.  ? Backups and Restore for SQL Server.  ? Creating databases and logins with permissions in SQL Server as per the developer's request.  ? Performance tuning, trouble shooting and monitoring using Performance Dashboard reports, Database Tuning Advisor, SQL Profiler, Server Side Trace, Dynamic Management views (DMV).  ? Assisted on the Adhoc-Query requests based on the requirement by using Joins, Sub Queries and Co-related Sub Queries.  ? Creation of tables, views, triggers, stored procedures and functions using SQL (Structured Query Language) and T-SQL (Transact-SQL).  ? Implemented Database Replication (Merge and Transactional).  ? Having hands on experience in DR processes including Log shipping and Database Mirroring.  ? Created Data Flow's for Aggregate, sort, lookup, merge, union and all and fuzzy lookups.  ? Implemented transactional replication for data refresh  ? Extensively used SQL Profiler and Query Tuning Wizard to troubleshoot problems and queries  ? Created backup schedule for production, test and development servers.  ? Involved in tuning SQL Server databases using available tuning methods like index tuning wizards, profiler and execution plans.  ? Created standard documentation for Disaster recovery testing and implemented them.  ? Experienced with creating logical and physical database design for development projects.  ? Experienced with improving SQL Server using windows performance monitor to improve the server performance.  ? Worked with developers to do the database schema changes and database restore requests.  ? Involved in restore operations to refresh the data from production to test servers.  ? Experienced in troubleshooting production servers and fixed the user and application issues.  ? Experience in working and troubleshooting 2TB Very Large databases (VLDB) in OLTP Environment.  ? Configured Always on availability groups in SQL server 2012.  ? Application support for front end feeds and Resolved Application connectivity issues like connection timeouts, connection pooling issues and memory leaks.  ? Extensively worked with SQL Profiler, Activity monitor, Perfmon, DMVs, DMFs and DTA to tune the databases, queries, performance related issues like memory, CPU and I/O issues.  ? Analyze and tune long running slow queries to optimize application and system performance.  ? Reorganizing/Rebuilding the indexes at regular intervals for better performance.  ? To set up SQL Server configuration settings to resolve various resource allocation & memory issues for SQL Server databases and to setup ideal memory, min/max server options.  ? Configuring TEMP DB on files and file groups and capacity planning of databases.  ? Configure encryption at rest (TDE), Always Encryption, data masking, row level encryption  ? Configuring, managing and monitoring Azure SQL,  ? Migrating from on-premise to Azure SQL and Azure VM  ? Documenting procedures in run books.  ? Highly dedicated, dynamic, ability to meet deadlines within fast paced environments  ? Self-Starter, Result Oriented, Responsible Team Member and Co-Operative Individual  ? Providing 24X7 support to maintain all Databases up and running in Production environment SQL Server Database Administrator/developer International Arctic Research Center - Fairbanks, AK August 2012 to September 2017 create Stored Procedures, views, tables, constrains.  ? Create stored procedures and triggers for Data consistency.  ? Created views to facilitate easy user interface implementation, and triggers on them to facilitate consistent Data entry into the database.  ? Regular Indexes rebuilding  ? Performed BCP, BULK INSERT, Imported and Exported data from different Data Sources.  ? Designed and implemented comprehensive Backup plan and disaster recovery strategies Implemented.  ? Moved files between the File Groups and partitioned the tables to improve the performance.  ? SQL server performance monitoring using SQL server profiler  ? Worked on complex T-SQL statements, and implemented various codes and functions.  ? Write T-SQL Scripts for database backup jobs and daily/weekly jobs.  ? Backing up, restoring the data base manually and also by scheduling the jobs and Maintenance Plans.  ? Experience in implementing High availability solutions like different Replication models (Snapshot and Transactional), Log shipping, Clustering and Mirroring on physical and virtual machines  ? Data migration between different versions of SQL server  ? Developed ETL packages using SSIS to move static data from various SQL server databases.  ? Used SSIS transformations such as fuzzy lookup, conditional split, and derived column to perform data cleansing before loading data into the data warehouse.  ? Developed SSRS reports using various features such as crosstabs and parameterizations.  ? Created SSRS tabular reports by using cascading parameters.  ? Generated summarized drill-down tabular reports by creating stored procedures on SSMS and later used as an embedded dataset on SSRS.  ? Generated reports on the fly using Report Builder. Senior Data Analyst Climate and Health Institute - Arba Minch - ET July 2010 to August 2012 Participated in collecting, organizing, and interpreting data along with fellow colleagues  ? Organize, extrapolate, model and disseminate data across departments to be used for drawing conclusions about correlation between malaria prevalence and weather patterns.  ? Presented detailed reports about our findings, data quality, analysis and results to various stakeholders to identify scenarios that could minimize people from getting malaria during the peak season.  ? Supervised lab technician working in the data collecting and modeling Education Environmental Engineering Cornell University 2009 Bachelor of Science in Atmospheric Physics Arba Minch University 2005 Skills Database, Sql server, Sql server 2008, Oltp, Postgresql Additional Information SKILLS:    SQL Server 2008 - 2017; Windows server 2003 - 2016; Microsoft Clustering, SAP BO; third party tools like Redgate and ServiceNow; SQL Query Analyzer, Troubleshooting and performance Tuning; SQL Profiler; extended event, Perfmon, T-SQL, SSMS, SSRS, SSIS, OLTP, PostGreSQL, VMware workstation, Azure SQL database, Azure VM, Powershell, Python, R, Linux/Unix, Shell script
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1074.html#85:::Scrum Master/Report Analyst;Agile Business Analyst;Oracle Database Administrator:::Scrum Master/Report Analyst Scrum Master/Report Analyst Fairfax, VA 4+ years information Technology experience with 5+ years of agile coaching, leading teams through agile transformation and 2 years of Oracle database administration practice. Passionate agile practitioner with broad knowledge in agile -scrum principles and software development life cycle. Focused on delivering value through servant leadership, sprint management, development and delivery. Aiming at using analytical and prioritization ability to deliver project results. Work Experience Scrum Master/Report Analyst March 2016 to Present Republic properties    Mentoring and coaching teams on agile principles    Responsibilities  • Facilitated team meetings, daily stand ups and coached scrum teams about importance of effective communication.  • Actively implemented scrum rules of transparency adaptation, inspection and effective communication in scrum teams.  • Served as a servant leader during sprints and removed impediments from scrum team.  • Worked effectively in cross-functional team environment and was able to balance workload and prioritized effectively. Able to manage self and time to meet commitments.  • Act as change agent leading and supporting their solution delivery teams and individuals in their agile journey.  • Asses the current organization culture, team readiness and delivery environment and recommend optimal agile practices in a flexible way.  • Facilitated agile methodologies and principles for the coordination of multiple, concurrent technology projects coordinate efforts with personnel from various IT functions (i.e. Quality Assurance, development, Business Analysis, Risk management and oracle database management.  • Provided and ensured that meeting plans are well detailed and reported. Liaised with oracle database administrators on projects and database warehousing processes.  • Establish and support consistent reporting practices and agile metrics across the teams /enterprise.  • Established a one on one session with team members to ensure there is no distraction against completing on-going projects.  • Resolved conflict amongst team members and ensuring smooth process in achieving done projects.  • Proactively identifying and resolving impediments, internal to the team as well external.  • Coached the team on the necessity and importance of following agile principles.  • Tracked, monitored team velocity and reported team progress to management. Agile Business Analyst Life Science Logistics 2014 to 2016 Delivered functional specification documents    Responsibilities  • Engage client to gather software requirement/ business rules and ensure alignment with development teams.  • Draft and maintain business requirement and align them with functional and technical requirement.  • Communicate clients' business requirement by constructing easy-to-understand data and process models.  • Provided technical assistance in identifying, evaluating and developing systems and procedures that are cost effective and meet business requirements.  • Work with software development team to enhance or implement technologies to meet identified business project goals  • Create, curate and maintain a Dashboard/scorecard to assist with strategic decision-making and distribution up to the board level  • Assists in generating Business As Usual (BAU) reports. Supported ad-hoc presentation/analysis development and responds to information requests from management.  • Tracked user stories using pivotal tracker and prioritized the backlog for continuous delivery process. Executed projects through the entire sdlc from gathering requirements, designing, developing, testing, deploying and support phase  • Actively engaged stakeholders and end-users in requirement gathering (JAD) and brain storming sessions to capture requirements and underlying needs of the company, and also performed impact analysis on business requirements. Oracle Database Administrator AT&T February 2013 to December 2013 Responsibilities  • Configured oracle database for oracle disaster recovery and performed switchover/switchback from primary database to standby database when required.  • Suggested best practice for backup and recovery.  • Conducted patching from 10g to 11g.  • Performed trouble shooting when needed through AWR and trace file.  • Ensured database was on high availability and accessible. Education Certified Database Administrator Liverpool Hope University Master's in Business and Management in Business and Management Liverpool Hope University Master's in Leadership and Management in Leadership and Management Liverpool Hope University
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1075.html#86:::BUSINESS MANAGER/PURCHASING COORDINATOR;SQL DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR;sales and inventory;Data manipulation;Database;Sql server;Replication;Sql;It infrastructure;Technology infrastructure;Backups;Migrations;Rdbms;Security;Optimization;Physical design;Capacity planning;Auditing;Maintenance;Archiving:::BUSINESS MANAGER/PURCHASING COORDINATOR BUSINESS MANAGER/PURCHASING COORDINATOR Danbury, CT Focused, dependable team-player with 5 + years' experience and exceptional analytical  skills seeking a Database Administrator and/or IT Project Manager position. Work Experience BUSINESS MANAGER/PURCHASING COORDINATOR March 2017 to Present Tasks include personnel management, payroll management, creating purchase orders, invoice creation and follow-through. Monitors internal and economic trends to forecast SQL DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR KENNY'S CARPET ONE - Carmel, NY March 2015 to Present Built an in-house data server running SQL Standard 2014. Setup, maintains, and monitors the database backups. Deploys SQL scripts, data imports, data manipulation,  and data migrations. Uses Tableau for BI reporting. Monitors and implements an organization's technology infrastructure while building the most cost-effective and  efficient systems. Restores data, OS, files, documents, and drivers. sales and inventory March 2014 to Present Implemented new SEO and SEM strategies in addition to Google analytics to increase  website traffic. Oversaw general store operations, prioritizing and assigning tasks as appropriate. Managed sales department and selected, interviewed, hired and trained  candidates for store. Developed valuable contacts and helped drive over $200k in sales  per year, equivalent to 20% of the business's revenue.    FREELANCE EXPERIENCE  ELITE REMODELING-DANBURY, CT  THE PHOENIX AGENCY-FISHKILL, NY  MIKE'S MASONRY- SHRUB OAK, NY    Tasks include: website hosting setup, website design, server configuration, database  creation (using SQL), database administration, network security, malware/virus removal. Education Bachelor of Science in Information Technologies in Cybersecurity SOUTHERN NEW HAMPSHIRE UNIVERSITY 2019 Skills Data manipulation, Database, Sql server, Replication, Sql, It infrastructure, Technology infrastructure, Backups, Migrations, Rdbms, Security, Optimization, Physical design, Capacity planning, Auditing, Maintenance, Archiving Additional Information SKILLS    • SQL Server 2014 installation, upgrades, patching, and configuration. Security  planning, review, and auditing.  • Responsible for maintaining, monitoring, and troubleshooting SQL Server  performance issues.  • Deploys SQL scripts, data imports, data manipulation, and data migrations.  • Setup, maintains, and monitors database backups.  • Performed database logical and physical design, maintenance, tuning, archiving,  backups, replication, recovery, software upgrades, capacity planning, and  optimization for SQL Server database.  • Primarily worked as a DBA in a SQL server environment using an industry specific  RDBMS that we integrated with our database.  • Plans, implements, and maintains the launch of new IT system projects.  • Monitors and implements an organization's technology infrastructure.  • Successfully launched an IT project to bring the organization from a 90% paper-  based system to a 95% digital system in under 8 months.  • Spec'd out server hardware and IT infrastructure hardware, documented personal  evaluations, built server/workstation computers, and migrated data from old system  to the new systems.  • Successfully planned, implemented, and maintained the complete launch of new IT  systems within the organization.  • Designed, developed and implemented all IT policies and procedures.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1076.html#87:::Data Warehouse Eng;Managed service dba consultant;Database Operator/Technician (DOS);Oracle Database Administrator(Tier I);DATA MIGRATION;MICROSOFT SQL SERVER;MICROSOFT SQL SERVER 2008;SQL SERVER;SQL SERVER 2008;ORACLE;PL/SQL;REPLICATION;SQL;RMAN;UNIX;LINUX;RDBMS;ETL;Oracle Dba;DBA;Sql Dba:::Data Warehouse Eng Data Warehouse Eng Data Warehouse Eng - NT Concepts, VA Work Experience Data Warehouse Eng NT Concepts, VA March 2018 to Present * Managing Users, Privileges and Roles.  * Manage day-to-day efforts toward project accomplishments with general direction from senior  technical staff  * Creation and maintenance of back-up jobs using datapump expdp/impdp  * Apply quarterly patch on Oracle db 12c  * Use the NzAdmin/NZMigrate tool for typical administrative tasks, including Genstats, Groom, and manage Development to Production environments  * Troubleshoots difficult database problems, including slow running queries  * Create, test, implement and monitor an automated set of procedures for database and server  backups as well as necessary maintenance procedures  * Works closely with Developers, Testers, Architects, Business Analysts and other IT staff to implement  Database Administration standards, policies, methods, and procedures building consensus with all  Parties Managed service dba consultant Mythics, Inc. - Falls Church, VA May 2016 to October 2018 configures, upgrades, and maintains production, development and test databases.  * Managing Users, Privileges and Roles.  * Provides operational support in managed services, troubleshooting and issue resolution for mission critical databases, applications and related systems.  * Responsible for providing 24x7 support to Clients across the country.  * Proactively monitor, report, troubleshoot, escalate and resolve technical issues with Oracle and MSSQL databases and associated systems  * Provide technical troubleshooting on issues requiring rapid resolution related to Oracle Database, Oracle Engineered Systems Exadata, Oracle Engineered Systems, Super Cluster Server.  * Log support requests with Oracle My Oracle Support and/or Microsoft Support as required  * Performed backups, restores, cloning, or refreshing databases.  * Ensured availability of client production systems and internal instances.  * Monitor and optimize performance, resources, availability, and operation of all systems.  * Create or clone the Oracle Instance and Databases on ASM/filesystem. Perform database cloning and re-location activities.  * Manage day-to-day efforts toward project accomplishments with general direction from senior technical staff  * Review and ensure quality of customer support and service request processing with promptness and analyze relevant database logs and operating system logs  * Managing table spaces, data files, redo logs, tables and its segments.  * Monitors database activity and file usage, and ensures necessary resources are present so that databases function properly by removing or deleting old or obsolete files.  * Perform Windows Server and UNIX system administrator tasks as part of maintenance  * Design backup strategy using RMAN  * Apply systems analysis techniques and procedures to identify and resolve database issues  * Documenting processes, standards and methodologies for working with client data and systems  * Developing, updating and maintaining reporting processes and tools  * Communication ability by participating in regular Conference calls and Technical mail exchanges with the international clients. Database Operator/Technician (DOS) Mythics, Inc. - Falls Church, VA April 2015 to April 2016 Provide operational support, troubleshooting and issue resolution for mission critical databases, applications and related systems. Works as a collaborative member of the Operational Support team that is responsible for providing 24x7 support to Department of State clients across the globe. Support is provided to a major 5-year program supporting the Department of State Consular Affairs' mission to protect the lives and interests of American citizens living or traveling abroad, and to enhance the national security of the United States.  Responsibilities include:  * Participates as an active member of the operational support team to monitor, report, troubleshoot, escalate and resolve technical issues with Oracle and MSSQL databases and associated systems  * Execute SQL queries against Oracle and MSSQL databases  * Transferring, cleaning and validating client data  * Documenting processes, standards and methodologies for working with client data and systems  * Developing, updating and maintaining reporting processes and tools  * Monitor database using Oracle enterprise Manager 12c  * Provide extensive customer support to Government officials  * Perform administrative tasks for operational support team  * Works as site administrator on the largest database for Dos Oracle Database Administrator(Tier I) AINET Consulting Group, Inc July 2014 to April 2015 • Configured new hardware and software releases.  • Created and managed user accounts, profiles and system policies.  • Planning, installation, configuration, management and troubleshooting of oracle 11g databases on Linux and Windows OS  • Installation and Management of Oracle using Grid 11g and database control by installing the software and agent, this I used to manage multiple databases.  • Installation and application of several oracle critical patches to various database versions looked for critical path for the OS and had to check the location of my O-Patch.  • Monitored, optimized and allocated physical data storage for database systems  • Implemented the use of Oracle Recovery Manager (RMAN) to back up the databases.  • Performed import and export as needed on each database.  • Performed various daily RMAN backups and recovery for numerous oracle 11g databases using physical back (RMAN) and logical backup (export, import and data pump).  • 24/7 production environment support  • Install and configure Physical Standby on Linux environment.  • Manage Data Guard using Data Broker.  • Troubleshoot and resolved various oracle problems such as connectivity problems, back up and performance issues  • Provided Oracle network troubleshooting, technical and administrative duties  • Resolved complex database issues.  • Created and managed documentation on the configuration and support of the oracle databases. Education B.S Towson University - Baltimore, MD 2014 Skills DATA MIGRATION, MICROSOFT SQL SERVER, MICROSOFT SQL SERVER 2008, SQL SERVER, SQL SERVER 2008, ORACLE, PL/SQL, REPLICATION, SQL, RMAN, UNIX, LINUX, RDBMS, ETL, Oracle Dba, DBA, Sql Dba
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1077.html#88:::Senior Oracle Database Administrator;Senior Oracle Database Administrator;Senior Oracle Database Administrator;Senior Oracle Administrator;Oracle Application Database Administrator;DATABASE (10+ years);ORACLE (10+ years);PL/SQL (10+ years);RMAN (10+ years);SQL (10+ years);DBA;Sql Dba;Oracle Dba;MYSQL;Sql Database;Documentum;Linux;Sql Server;DB2;ASM;Oracle Database;RAC:::Senior Oracle Database Administrator Senior Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Senior Oracle Database Administrator - Thomson Reuters Corporation Arizona City, AZ • More than 8+ years of professional work experience in the Software Industry as an Oracle Database Administrator, Golden gate Administrator and oracle application DBA (EBS)..  • Installation and configuration of Oracle . database 12c,11gr2, 10gR2, Oracle 9x, 8i and RAC.  • Installation and configuration of grid infrastructure and database for Real Application Clusters (RAC) 11gr2  • Implemented cluster configuration on ASM, NFS, OCFS storage  • Writing shell scripts, database scripts, Awk scripts and PERL scripts required for database maintenance, database synchronization, database refresh, database reporting, system accounting statistics, security fixing, backup and restore jobs and automation jobs  • Implemented Golden Gate Unidirectional and bidirectional replication.  • Bidirectional Streams Replication setup and maintenance.  • Experience working in various domains to deliver new products, upgrades. Resolve application problems to maintain high level of customer satisfaction.  • Experience in working with huge data centers and Worked on datacenter move projects  • Experience in Oracle Server installation, configuration, performance tuning, client/server connectivity, query optimization, applying patches and backup/recovery.  • Excellent experience in various migration techniques like export/import, Datapump, backup restore, cloning, data guard.  • Installed and configured Veridata for monitoring the Golden Gate replication during the upgrade from 10g to 11gR2.  • Handled out-of-sync from source to target and vice versa through veridata.  • Developed Recovery Manager (RMAN) scripts for database backup and recovery including hot and cold backup options for both RAC and stand alone instances.  • Extensive experience in Oracle Golden Gate installation, configuration, troubleshooting GG issues.  • Experience in Maintaining Oracle Data Guard & Standby Database and providing critical solutions with Strategic disaster recovery plans with different recovery procedures and methods.  • Automated many common tasks using Crontab including Backups, Exports/Imports, archiving old records and verification of such processes.  • Experience in writing scripts proactive monitoring like monitoring the disk usage and the memory usage of the server and monitoring tablespaces.  • Hands on experience in applying patches on Oracle 9.2.0.6 and 9.2.0.7, 10.2.0.1.0 and upgraded it to Oracle 11.2.0.3.  • Good understanding of Exadata features like smart scans, HCC, flash cache, Infiniband, ILOM  • Hands on experience with various tools like SQL*Loader, TOAD, Oracle SQL Developer and Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM), Oracle Grid Control.  • Analyzed Automatic Workload Repository (AWR), Active Session History (ASH) reports.  • Experienced in generating statistics of database using ADDM.  • Tune the SGA components like buffer cache, shared pool to avoid paging & swapping.  • Hands on experience working with different FTP clients like Smart FTP, SFTP and SCP.  • Extensive experience in supporting multiple production databases running 24 x 7 mission-critical / OLTP applications demanding high availability and increased performance.  • Managing Exadata database for non-prod/prod environment.  • Performed data analysis and data profiling using complex SQL on various sources systems including Oracle and Netezza  • Experience working on Netezza  • Hands-on experience on implementing, upgrading and configuring the Golden Gate software for Oracle Database.  • Extensive experience on Classical, Integrated extract and replicat.  • Extensive experience on Golden Gate Heterogeneous replication using Golden gate  • Extensive experience on Golden Gate DDL Replication  • Troubleshooting golden gate extract/replicat issues like ORA-0001, ORA-1502, ORa-2291 etc.  • Analyzed Tables, Indexes periodically to optimize the SQL queries.  • Strong Knowledge and experience of Creating Users, Public Synonyms, Database Links, roles, profiles, privileges and assigning roles to users.  • Knowledge on Amazon web service(AWS) cloud.  • Experience in Capacity Planning, Storage Allocation and Space Monitoring & Management.  • Month end activities and database capacity planning and space management  • Extensive experience in Creation, maintenance, location, size of tablespaces, rollback segments and retention time for the flashback files.  • Proficient in SQL, PL/SQL such as Triggers and Stored Procedures.  • Developing complex shell scripts for backup, rotating logs/files, etc  • Highly motivated, excellent team player, enthusiastic, strong initiative and quick learner of new technologies, Strong interpersonal and communication skills.  • Configuring and Deploying Oracle Virtual Machine 2.X and 3.x for Linux.  • Managing virtual machines, server pool, resources etc Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Oracle Database Administrator Thomson Reuters Corporation - San Francisco, CA July 2017 to Present • Supporting more than 4500 databases including development/production for 24/7.  • Worked on multiple client environment including Eikon , Tax & accounting, Financial , banking , Cobalt , Content and analytics, state and county health agencies and other home medical care providers etc.  • Successfully upgraded Oracle 10g (10.2.0.4) to Oracle 11g (11.2.0.3) on Oracle Linux 6.  • Implemented Data guard, creating both Logical and Physical Standby databases in 11g RAC environment for the Production databases.  • Implemented golden gate bi-direction replication.  • Install, configure and provides technical support for Oracle 11g Release 2 RAC databases as well as non-RAC databases.  • Configured OEM 12c enterprise manager cloud control and upgraded various 10g agents to 12c agents.  • Involved in Applications 11i and R12(12.1 & 12.2) administration including 11i and R12(12.1 & 12.2) Database/Applications cloning, tuning, patching and monitoring concurrent manager processing etc.  • Implemented SQL outline to get the better execution plan for the offending queries. Setting up analyzing scripts and coordinated with development team to gather table statistics.  • Day to Day General Administration Tablespace Management, Undo Management, Managing Users, Resources, Managing User Privileges and Roles.  • Diagnosed Oracle bugs and coordinating with Oracle support through metalink to resolve them in timely manner.  • Scheduled meetings with application team for database migration review to gather legacy information such as type of application, database options, current oracle configuration, capacity and oracle outstanding tasks.  • Developed, revised and implemented policies, standards, procedures and guidelines necessary to effectively administer the database environments.  • Worked on GIT to pushing the shell scripts/SQL scripts to the central repository.  • Capture, Propagation, Apply using Golden Gate and enable real-time data integration and continuous data availability by capturing and delivering updates of critical information as the changes occur and providing continuous data synchronization across heterogeneous environments.  • Viewing the out-of-sync summary report from Oracle GoldenGate Veridata web interface and fixing the out-of-sync records  • Performing responsibility as Oracle Exadata Machine Administration.  • Oracle10g/11g Migration From Non exadata to Exadata DB with or without GoldenGate.  • Extensively developed PL/SQL Packages, Procedures, Functions, Triggers, and Sequences for implementing the business rules  • Maintaining sound backup and recovery policies and procedures using RMAN. Monitoring the scheduled backup procedures for daily basis using crontab.  • Database refreshes using export /import and datapump. Used AWR reports to monitor the database performance.  • Perform Backup and Recovery thru RMAN.  • Tested the initial data load option of Golden Gate during the environment build.  • Refreshed multiple databases for Development and Testing upon short request.  • Oracle services have been used to configure Golden Gate high availability for the RAC nodes.  • High availability of Golden Gate is achieved by creating Golden Gate vips and services for RAC databases. If one node is failed Golden Gate automatically failovers to the other node.  • Actively involved in designing/Testing of Disaster Crash recovery.  • Improving the performance of the database by tuning SQL and database instance parameters using Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor and SQL Tuning Advisor in Oracle 12c.  • Good understanding about histograms, cluster factor.  • Performed Export/Import through Data Pump.  • Performed Database Refreshes and Database Copies for Development, Test and Production databases.  • Involved in monitoring the lock processes, releasing locks in case of resource blockage and gathering statistics.  • Performed database cloning/exp/imp to setup identical databases in the production and development environments.  • Created and maintain users, roles and privileges.  • Involved in discussions with the management regarding the advantages/disadvantages and upgrade plans.  • Used Oracle 11g AWR & ADDM to monitor database activities and understand the db wait events, optimizer  • Performed Database Administration using TOAD, Oracle Enterprise Manager and SQL scripts.  • Installed, migrated, configured and tested Oracle 11g databases.  • Upgraded from 10g to 11gR2 with Golden Gate as the downtime is very less, also configured extract and replicat features.  • Installed and configured Veridata for monitoring the Golden Gate replication during the upgrade from 10g to 11gR2.  • Knowledge on Developer BI(business intelligence) & Analytics  • Viewing and generating report through Business intelligence.  • Closely worked with data services team in establishing backup, data retention, data archival policies and performance tuning of Netezza  • Performed data analysis and data profiling using complex SQL on various sources systems including Oracle and Netezza  • Created Wallet on RAC databases.  • Configured Oracle Data Guard and Streams.  • Monitoring Cassandra database and identifying the Tombstones and fixing the issues.  • Providing the best performance tuning tips to Cassandra application team.  • Worked on GIT for updating the code changes and also knowledge on Jenkins, Puppet/Chef.    Environment: Oracle 11GR2 , 10gR2, 9x, SQL, PL/SQL, Golden gate 11x, Sun Solaris, Red Hat(RHEL), OEM, and RMAN, RAC, OCFS, CRS, ASM, Shell Scripts, Net Backup, NAS, ZFS. Senior Oracle Database Administrator SEI investments - Oaks, PA July 2015 to May 2017 • Administrated and created production, development, and test Oracle 12c/11g databases hosted on Linux Server.  • Created Oracle Real Application Clusters RAC/Grid 11g on aix/Linux with SCAN and ASM  • Defined database migration strategy to relocate production database to new Linux servers.  • Configured OEM 12c monitoring .Created rules to send out mission critical alerts from production database.  • Backup and recovered test and development databases using RMAN and DataPump.  • Defined Oracle11g upgrade strategy for production, development, and test databases.  • Measured the performance of the shell scripts by getting the expected results.  • Installed and configured 10g/ 11g RAC databases with ASM/non ASM on Linux servers  • Upgraded database from 11g to 12c both RAC and Non RAC including Standby databases.  • Supported failover and switchover of Standby Databases during Disaster Recovery  • Created and maintained Databases and their objects like tablespaces, tables, indexes, views.  • Experience in 10g RAC and 11g RAC configuration, maintenance and support.  • Experience in Oracle 11g/12c Real Application Clusters RAC , Oracle Data Guard, Oracle Automatic Storage Management ASM  • Migrated Stand alone databases on file system to RAC databases on ASM.  • Applied patches regularly on Oracle 11g/10g Clusterware and RAC databases.  • Installed, setup and configured Oracle Enterprise Manager Cloud Control 12c for administration, performance tuning, monitoring and alerts.  • Added and deleted RAC nodes as per the application requirement  • Worked on major issues involving 10g/11g databases on 11g R2 Grid/RAC and 11g ASM.  • Configured ASM Cluster File System ACFS for 11gR2 Grid/RAC cluster.  • Create or clone the Oracle Instance and Databases on ASM. Perform database cloning and re-location activities.  • Configured RMAN backups on tape for TSM for both test and production databases.  • Created RMAN scripts for daily as well as monthly backup's using autosys.  • Worked on various Rman scripts for taking full backup and incremental backup for production databases  • Wrote several scripts to automate cloning of database from production to test through rman on weekly basis.  • Performed Database cloning using Datapump , Rman Duplicate and Cold backup restore  • Partitioned appropriate tables to optimize performance and simplified maintenance work.  • Tuned and optimized SQL Query, SGA, Disk I/O using Oracle Enterprise Manager and by monitoring the Awr report generated from snapshots taken at the peak business hours.  • Monitored and tuned rollback segment, temporary tablespaces, redo log buffer, sort area size.  • Added a node at the RDBMS layer in a RAC Environment  • Created multiple standby databases and Set up Snap shot standby database using data guard broker.  • Supported disaster recovery by opening the standby databases in read write mode  • Set up scripts to monitor log apply on Standby Database  • Rebuilt Multiple Standby databases 10G and 11G  • Created numerous Materialized view groups involving huge tables.  • Worked on Performance tuning with AWR, ADDM, SQL Tuning advisor, SQL Trace and TKProf.  • Experince in Database design on OLTP and OLAP databases and maintained database security create and maintain users and roles, assign privileges  • Coded BASH, PERL scripts to maintain database change management and data management  • Coded BASH, PERL scripts to automate backup and recovery procedures for various versions of database.  • WORKED ON Debugging, Optimizing and Performance Tuning of Oracle BI Dashboards/Reports  • Tuned database/cluster/ASM according to application requirements.  • Tuned long running queries by tk prof and explain plan and hints.  • Worked on all types of partitions .Set up partition strategy involving tables with million of rows to improve performance.  • Created Hash , Range partitions on huge tables and worked on Partition pruning on SQL.  • Worked on GoldenGate Replication and Configured Extract, Replicate processes for GoldenGate.  • Installed database for Siebel replication using Golden Gate 11g    Environment: Oracle 11GR2, 10gR2, 9x, SQL, PL/SQL, Golden gate 11x, Sun Solaris, Red Hat(RHEL), OEM, and RMAN, RAC, OCFS, CRS, ASM, Shell Scripts, Net Backup, NAS, ZFS. Senior Oracle Database Administrator Sony Corporation of America - San Diego, CA September 2014 to July 2015 • Installation, maintenance and tuning of RAC and standby databases OLTP, DSS and Data Warehousing using customized shell scripts  • Creating ASM instance/maintaining ASM (adding , removing disk to disk group etc)  • Ensuring that all databases are backed up on a regular basis by monitoring full, differential, transaction log backups for OLTP, warehouse, and business object repositories.  • Applied patches to Oracle Databases.  • Upgrading development and production databases to Oracle 11gR2.  • Proactive database monitoring using 11g grid monitoring tool.  • Database tuning using SQL-Trace, STATSPACK, EXPLAIN PLAN and TKPROF.  • Extensive Performance Tuning, Memory (SGA) Tuning.  • Performed database cloning to setup test and development databases.  • Responsible for optimizing the queries and application tuning.  • Performed SQL tuning and assist developers with coding PL/SQL.  • Provided support to Application Database Administrators in designing the database.  • Used RMAN for backup and recovery. Performed Hot, Cold and Logical backups. And performed backup validations using RMAN.  • Setup Golden Gate parameter files for extraction and replication.  • Management of schemas, objects partitioning the tables & indexes.  • Automation of data load using Korn shell scripting and SQL*Loader.  • Responsible for setting and managing user accounts, and granting required privileges to users.  • Recovering GoldenGate corruptions.  • Viewing the out-of-sync summary report from Oracle GoldenGate Veridata web interface and fixing the out-of-sync records  • Performed other DBA activities like including space management and performance monitoring.  • Analyzing the db wait events from the awr/ash report and take necessary action.  • Replicated Data using Golden data for encrypted columns (Wallet).  • Experienced in Oracle Database monitoring, troubleshooting and resolve the issues.  • Experience in installation of Cassandra on 16-node cluster  • Good understanding of Cassandra architecture like gossip, snitch, seed node, anti entropy, partition key, hash value, etc.  • Experience in monitoring and tuning Cassandra clusters, performance and capacity  • Experience in nodetool for managing a Cassandra cluster    Environment: Oracle 11GR2 , 10gR2, SQL, PL/SQL, Golden gate 11x, Red Hat Linux (RHEL), OEM, and RMAN, RAC, OCFS, CRS, ASM, Shell Scripts, Net Backup, NAS, Exadata, Cassandra Senior Oracle Administrator Bayer Business Services - Pittsburgh, PA February 2012 to July 2014 • Assisted in detailed architecture, consulting, engineering, implementation and support for database availability, backup and recovery, and performance tuning projects  • Support for Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 13c and Agents  • Validation of Privileged accounts and database violation using PL/SQL coding to ensure successful audit on Exadata  • Planning, coordinating and delivering the migration of Oracle 11.2.0.4 to Oracle 12.2.0.1 on EXADATA X5-2  • Ensure hardening and validation of Oracle database 12c R2 12.2.0.1 on EXADATA X5-2, after migration from 11.2.04  • Implementation and support of 11g and 12c migrations and upgrades from Oracle 9i and 10g databases, including RAC databases on HP-UX and Linux.  • Installed and configure extract, pump, replicate, manager parameter file of GoldenGate  • 3rd level support for Oracle RAC, including applying patches, performance tuning, backup and recovery issues with RMAN, trace analysis, service creation, and cluster and system management  • Extensive knowledge in configuring Data guard on Linux & multiplexing of control files and redo-logs for disaster recovery scenario  • Performance monitoring and tuning up of the Database using ASH, STATSPACK, AWR, ADDM.  • Performance tuning of Oracle Database Objects by fixing row chaining, tuning queries.  • Monitoring and tuning system resources associated with the database performance, hit ratios, I /O, lock, and latch contention  • Detecting and diagnosing production system performance problem by analyzing STATSPACK reports, Oracle trace and log files, AWR, ADDM, analyzing SQL statements, measuring system and database activity, Querying Oracle dynamic performance views  • Implemented RMAN backup (Full, incremental and cumulative) and recovery, Incomplete recovery and disaster recovery using Standby database or Data Guard  • Setup, Configured and Maintained Oracle Data Guard to control Primary and Standby Databases and also to ensure disaster recovery using various data protection modes  • Data loading using SQL*LOADER and DATAPUMP  • Developed Operation procedures for Managed Service Transition  • Closely worked with MatrixONE and MKS Application support team resolving issues pertaining to the application & databases  • Provide after hours 24x7(on-call rotation) database support  • Maintained 335 Databases, Implemented 50+ Production database, 60+ Development database, 75+ Test database  • Managed Process using Change control and Cab process and meetings  • Implementation of the databases of the Amazon RDS and carried out functionalities for creating instances as per the requirements  • Implemented and provisioned AWS services like EC2, S3, ELB, RDS, Simple DB, Cloud Front, Cloud Formation templates and heat templates  • Built AWS Cloud Formation templates to create custom sized VPC, subnets, NAT to ensure successful deployment of Web applications and database templates and heat templates    Environment: IBM AIX 6.3,7.1, Sun Solaris 2.6/7/8, Red Hat Linux 5.x,6.x, Oracle 10g/11g/12c, PL/SQL, SQL*PLUS, VNC, OEM 13c , Oracle 12c, Oracle RAC, Data guard, Toad 12.5, AD utilities, SQL server, TKPROF, AWS -RDS, Redshift, Simple DB Oracle Application Database Administrator Directv - Los Angeles, CA November 2010 to February 2012 ore    • Designing and migrating applications among different environments and providing 24*7 production Support  • Installation and configuration of Oracle databases (single instance) as well as 3 node RAC instances in 11g  • Resolving ASM multi-pathing issues  • Active duplicate cloning of the databases using RMAN  • Cloning from cold backup using RMAN  • Perform refreshes from non-RAC database to a RAC environment  • Upgrading production environments from 11g to 12c  • Monitored the SQL and Oracle RDBMS through the integrated Enterprise Manager of the 12-c Grid Control software  • Involved in testing several 11g release 2 features in Oracle and upgraded several instances from 10g to 11g  • Moving PL/SQL-codes into production and validating the codes and tuning the SQL statements before using them in production environments  • Responsible for moving data from Production to lower environments for various testing cycles using Oracle data pump and also refresh the UAT and Test environments with Prod data  • Supported large data warehousing systems with a capacity ranging from 2 TB to 15 TB  • Writing scripts in BOURNE and KORN shells for executing backups and other DML triggers  • Monitoring the bash scripts and profile parameters in the UNIX and RHEL Linux environment for setting the ORACLE environmental variables  • Configure and manage RMAN backup using OEM GRID  • Extensive performance tuning experience, specializing in Operating system tuning, SQL tuning, Database/Instance tuning  • Resolve issues during migration from different ASM disk groups following up with Oracle  • Administrate RAC service with SRVCTL  • Manage the Cluster Services in case of any abnormal failures  • Worked with users in tuning their bad SQL and high load SQL queries  • Data guard setup and configuration for physical standby with consistent switchover and failover drills for maximum availability  • Generating AWR reports on regular basis to identify the database performance at peak load  • Making use of 11g Release 2 features like ADRCI  • Worked with the storage teams to monitor and administer the storage plans for the DBs through VERITAS volume manager and Linux volume manager for RHEL 4.0  • Worked on HP UX platform and logically migrated data from UNIX to Linux (OEL 5.4) through Data Pump  • Strong knowledge and experience of managing Oracle 9i and 10g RAC environments using the OEM Grid Control tools    Environment: Oracle 10g RAC, Oracle 9i, HP-UX 10.x, AIX, Red hat Linux, TOAD, OEM, STATSPACK, TKPROF, SQL, Erwin 4.0, Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM), SQL*Loader, TKPROF, Data Guard, Shell Scripts Education Bachelor's Skills DATABASE (10+ years), ORACLE (10+ years), PL/SQL (10+ years), RMAN (10+ years), SQL (10+ years), DBA, Sql Dba, Oracle Dba, MYSQL, Sql Database, Documentum, Linux, Sql Server, DB2, ASM, Oracle Database, RAC Additional Information Technical Skills    RDBMS-Oracle database 9i, 10g, 11g and 12c  APPLICATIONS-Oracle 11i (11.5.8 to 11.5.10.2 , R12.)  GOLDENATE-11.x,12.x etc.  Languages-SQL, PL/SQL, UNIX Shell Scripting,  Oracle Tools-Oracle Applications Manager, Oracle Enterprise Manager, TOAD, OUI, RMAN, ASMCMD, TKPROF, autoconfig, adadmin, adpatch, FNDLOAD, , STATSPACK, Logminer, SQL Loader, AWR report, Server control Command Line (SRVCTL), Data guard Broker Command line (DGMGRL), Golden Gate, Stream/Xstreams and ADE, GGSCI, Oracle Virtual Machine 2.X and 3.x , nodetool.  Tuning Tools -TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN, STATSPACK,ASH, AWR, ADDM  Operating Systems-Linux, RHEL, Windows x64, Solaris Sparc64, AIX, HP-UX IA
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1078.html#89:::Help Desk Manager;Database Administrator/ERP Systems Manager;Help Desk;Active Directory;Tech Support;Desktop Support;access;testing;SQL;training;Sharepoint:::Help Desk Manager Help Desk Manager Help Desk Manager - Navajo Nation Gaming Enterprise Flagstaff, AZ Leading business unit operations and to ensure technology strategies are in line with the core intent and strategy of the business    Personal Professional Philosophy:  To assist women find the a way up and through with technology Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Help Desk Manager Navajo Nation Gaming Enterprise - Flagstaff, AZ June 2016 to Present Systems: Windows Server 2012 R2, Microsoft SQL Server 2012, BMC Footprints  Service Core, BMC Client Management, Microsoft SharePoint 2013, GoTo  Assist, GoTo Training, GoTo Meeting    • Configured and launched the 'Go-Live' of our enterprise helpdesk  support system and remote support applications  • Established Service Level Agreements and communication protocol  based on business operation priorities  • Developed ticket type workspaces based on needs of the enterprise  • Reviewed cases to gain an understanding of the technology pulse at each of the five NNGE casinos  • Trained IT agents on how to address issues, document cases and how  to author knowledgebase articles.  • Developed performance-recognition programs for IT support agents  • Issued quarterly reports of each casino's performance to Director- level management  • Promoted the use of the help desk system to end users  • Contributed to the establishment of IT processes and procedures  consistency across the enterprise  Other duties: provided leadership in the corporate - SharePoint initiative, authored governance plan, trained site administrators, developed roadmap  statement of work and requests for proposal for vendors, produced videos for site publications Database Administrator/ERP Systems Manager Navajo Nation Gaming Enterprise - Flagstaff, AZ January 2010 to December 2016 Systems: Window Server 2008 to 2012, Microsoft SQL Server 2008 to 2012  ERP Systems: JD Edwards, Sage 100, X3 & EM, Agilysys Stratton Warren  Human Capital systems: JD Edwards, Kronos Workforce and ADP payroll  integration    Reporting applications: SQL reporting, Crystal Reports, Insight Reporting, Sage  SEI Enterprise reporting with advance functions in Excel    • Utilized training tools with: GoTo Meeting and GoTo Training  • Created over 200 technical documents, on procedures and processes for end users  • Appointed the technical lead through five Enterprise Resource  Planning (ERP) systems implementation in a span of nine-years  (Project Management)  • Helped evolve the chart of accounts from one ERP to another.  • Supported the annual budget process with technical support and reporting for all levels of the organization  • Developed custom processes for financial services (Purchasing, Inventory AP, AR, Finance, Accounting and Fixed Assets)  • Trained end-users and provided application support  • Served as liaison between vendor support and end-users to address  issues in the system  • Maintained database and application servers for performance and compliance  • Managed SQL server database for performance and reporting  (develop queries and stored procedures)  • Managed usage licenses and software support agreements for systems under my designation and renewed annual agreements as  needed Education MS in Information Technology in Management Western Governors University 2018 BS in Information Technology/Business Systems in Continuing University of Phoenix 2013 Skills Help Desk, Active Directory, Tech Support, Desktop Support, access, testing, SQL, training, Sharepoint Military Service Branch: Air Force Service Country: United States Rank: Senior Airman November 1997 to November 2002 3A051 - Information Management Journeyman Commendations: Workgroup Management, Freedom of Information Act, Privacy Act and Records Maintenance, Equipment Management
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1079.html#90:::Database Administrator;Oracle DBA;STIP Operations Engineer;SENTINEL Help Desk;SQL Server 2008 (2 years);SQL (6 years);Troubleshooting (6 years):::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator Washington, DC Work Experience Database Administrator SRA International May 2014 to Present • Transfers and replicates data accurately and quickly.  • Maintains distributed SQL Server database and ensures its availability to users of the WRAPS system that are based globally.  • Monitors database performance (using tools such as Ignite or SQL Diagnostics  Manager or Spotlight on SQL Server) and assists with database security.  • Validates, loads, tests, and verifies data.  • Performs complete functional testing of database structures and verifies information provided in all environments including development, test, and production.  • Resolves load, processing, reporting (extract), and other data management issues.  • Optimizes/balances processing and performance for peak and load.  • Write SQL queries to extract data out of the database for various reporting and/or monitoring server performance Oracle DBA APEX Inc. Fall Church April 2014 to May 2014 • Develop data import and export routines to automate data loading from data on an unclassified Microsoft SQL Server to a classified Oracle database.  • Create windows, screens and reports to support the operational requirements of a team using the Oracle database as the backend to a system they use to manage sensitive subscriber information (names, phone numbers, addresses, type of service, etc).  • Program and write code as necessary to include modifying and maintaining scripts and code written by predecessors.  • Maintain moderately complex database for internal and external users/clients.  • Upgrade server from Oracle 9i to 11G databases.  • Perform analyses and review complex applications being released into production.  • Analyze the needs and requirements of users of existing database systems and develop technical, structural and organizational specifications to include access methods, access time, job control language, statistical methodologies, device allocation, validation checks, and data protection and security.  • Support OSS team with creating scripts, reports, CDs documentation. STIP Operations Engineer Blue Water Federal Solutions, Inc - Arlington, VA August 2010 to April 2014 • Remotely monitor, perform diagnostics and troubleshoot devices for network connectivity issues.  • Create and execute inserts, updates, and delete queries to make changes throughout the TSA equipment database.  • Query Oracle database when troubleshooting data, connectivity issues, and ad-hoc reports for management.  • Manage network devices in Solar Winds.  • Putty into TSA net to verify connection and port configurations.  • Analyze audit and transaction logs.  • Document help desk tickets/resolutions, and maintain equipment inventory lists.  • Install and configure airport devices and verify the connections are properly installed and documented.  • Support new devices as they are piloted or deployed into production.  • Interact with various customers in efforts to resolve issues when devices are not communicating with the custom applications.  • Perform system administration duties monitoring and troubleshooting an email system. Create and update user accounts as needed.  • Ensure standard operating procedures and other system documentation is kept up to date.  • Trained new help desk staff on procedures, usage of applications and troubleshooting methods.  • Assist management in meetings with third party companies.  • Monitor application server utilization using Oracle Grid Control. SENTINEL Help Desk Blue Water Federal Solutions, Inc - Arlington, VA March 2011 to March 2012 • Help desk supporting the United States Coast Guard (USCG) SENTINEL project.  • Created and modified user accounts.  • Troubleshoot issues via email and/or telephone.  • Documented help desk tickets/resolutions.  • Created a How to manual prior the launch of the new SENTINEL site.  • Responsible for keeping SENTINEL users up to date on the status and/or availability of the SENTINEL site.  • Escalate application bugs to DBAs. Education M.S in Database Administration University of Maryland University College - Adelphi, MD May 2014 Graduate Certificate in Database Administration University of Maryland University College - Adelphi, MD May 2012 BS in MIS Saint Francis University - Loretto, PA May 2009 Skills SQL Server 2008 (2 years), SQL (6 years), Troubleshooting (6 years) Additional Information Specialties:  • Database Management  • Application Support  • SQL  • Oracle  • SQL Server  • Networking    Relevant Skills:  Database knowledge: Oracle 9/10/11g, SQL and Visual Basics    Operating Systems: UNIX, Windows XP, and Windows 7 & 8  Software Programs: Remedy, Altiris, BMC Track it, Microsoft Office Suite, Microsoft Project, Solar Winds, Visio, WEKA, MS SQL Server Studio, Red Gate, Oracle Grid Control, Putty, Secure CRT and Microsoft FrontPage.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\108.html#91:::A recognized leader;Database Administrator;Database Administrator:::A recognized leader A recognized leader A recognized leader - RELIABLE GOVERNMENT SOLUTIONS INC Bel Air, MD Work Experience A recognized leader RELIABLE GOVERNMENT SOLUTIONS INC - Beltsville, MD June 2014 to Present in providing technical support to federal institutions such as the United States Naval Academy (USNA) Information Engineering Department Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Systems.  Software Developer  * Create SQL scripts and PL/SQL stored procedures, functions, and triggers.  * Generate Oracle Web PL/SQL modules using Oracle Designer.  * Provide requirements analysis to document business process, functions and system requirements.  * Develop database maintenance designs to define entities, attributes and Entity Relationship Diagrams (ERD).  * Facilitate administering, monitoring, troubleshooting and correcting problems experienced with USNA Oracle databases. Database Administrator INDEPENDENT SOFTWARE INC - Columbia, MD February 2013 to September 2013 Columbia, MD 02/2013 - 09/2013  A Cyber Security/Information Assurance/Information Security firm providing information security initiatives to both government and commercial arenas.  Database Administrator  * Managed Oracle database supporting IAD requirements.  * Played pivotal role on a database maintenance team consisting of three Database Administrators covering 83 different database instances.  * Migrated seven databases from Oracle 10g to Oracle 11.2.0.3 onto a new server.  * Configured a new database sandbox for testing purposes. Utilized Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control and SQL Developer to assist with these tasks.  * Monitored and maintained packages, stored procedures (bulk loads), functions, table partitioning, bulk deletes, archive logs, trace files and daily backups on 7 databases. Database Administrator TANAGER INC - Annapolis Junction, MD October 2011 to November 2012 Annapolis Junction, MD 10/2011 - 11/2012  A leading systems integration company providing innovative solutions in areas of Information Assurance, Cyber Security, Insider Threat, Helpdesk Services, Information Technology and Healthcare Knowledge Management.  Database Administrator  * Managed Oracle database administration assignments supporting Raytheon Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) analysis tool.  * Oversaw data management functions to include installation, configuration and support of Oracle 11g database.    * Maintained database and associated objects such as schemas, tables, views, indexes, stored procedures and functions, and SQL scripts.  * Monitored database space and capacity statistics.  * Supervised daily backup and recovery tasks to include incremental and full backups.  * Collaborated with analysts to resolve database level issues by creating stored procedures and functions.  * Applied database patches and upgrades.  * Maintained shell scripts required for database monitoring and performance metrics.  * Designed, created and implemented PL/SQL scripts to automate processes. SET FOCUS, LLC - Parsippany, NJ November 2010 to October 2011 Set Focus, LLC engages in training and placing Microsoft professionals in various businesses. Education Bachelor of Science in research, design Strayer University - Chantilly, VA March 2004 to December 2007 Associate of Arts in Computer Information Systems Strayer University Certificate in cooperation Strayer University - Parsippany, NJ Additional Information Areas of Expertise    * Database Development  * Database Management  * Database Performance Testing  * Database Security  * Database Maintenance    * Data Migration  * Data Quality  * Data Analysis  * Operating Systems  * Problem Solving    * Process Improvement  * Team Building  * Leadership/Decision Making  * Interpersonal Relationships  * Communication    Key Skills Assessment    Expert - PL/SQL, SQL Navigator, SQL Plus, Oracle 11g, COBOL  Experienced - Oracle 10g/11g RDBMS, RAC, ASM, RMAN 11g, Oracle Archive, Oracle Backup and Restore, Oracle Developer Suite10g, Oracle 9iDS Forms, Oracle Enterprise Manager Cloud 12c Grid Control, SQLLDR, Export/Import Utility, Data Pump, Oracle SQL Developer 4.0, Oracle Developer (Forms 6i, Reports 6i), Oracle Designer 10, WEB PL/SQL Dev 10, Oracle8i Spatial, iPlanet Web Server, Crystal Reports 9, Microsoft Office 2010, MS Access 2010, HTML, Perl, C/C++, Remedy 5.1.2, Remedy 6.3, Unix (SunOS, Solaris 2.5, HP-UX 9.0.1), Linux Red Hat 4, MS SQL Server 2008 (SSMS, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS), MS Visual Studio, T-SQL, Oracle MySQL, Java, , Oracle 9iAS, Oracle 9i, XML, SQL Developer Data Modeler, Sr. Programmer Analyst (COBOL:UNISYS)    Security Clearance - TS/SCI with inactive Full Scope Polygraph
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1080.html#92:::Sr. Database Administrator/Data Analyst;Sr. Database Analyst/Project Manager;Sr. Database Analyst/Project Manager:::Sr. Database Administrator/Data Analyst Sr. <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span>/Data Analyst Sr. Database Administrator/Data Analyst New York, NY ? Experience in Analysis, Design, Development and Administration.  ? Experience in upgrading SQL server to latest versions.  ? Experience in Extracting, Transforming, and Loading (ETL) data using SSIS, DTS Import/Export utility, BCP and DTS Packages.  ? Responsible for applications like Trading system, Trust, Risk Management, Reconciliation, Loan Management System, Brokerage, Real Estate, Front Invest and Accounting.  ? Coordination with vendors for application upgrades.  ? Verify application compatibility before doing upgrades.  ? Coordinate with various teams including vendor for project discussion.  ? Prepare Run books for upgrades, beta testing, disaster recover.  ? Manage Projects through the entire SDLC and make sure the deadlines are met.  ? SQL Server Developer skills including writing stored procedures, triggers, views, query writing.  ? Experience in Performance Tuning, Query Optimization, Client/Server connectivity, Database Consistency Checks  ? Experience in database backup, replication, recovery, restoration, DTS and Linked servers.  ? SQL Server administration skills including user authorizations, Database creation, Tables, indexes and clusters.  ? Experience in SQL Server Analysis Services, Data Warehousing, OLAP Cubes, and Mining.  ? Experienced in Data Archiving using IDERA tools for Terabyte size databases.  ? Responsible for Workflow & Data Mapping for IT development using Rochade.  ? Experienced in Data Warehousing Analysis, Data Marts and Business Intelligence  ? Proficient in working with users to gather requirements, analyze, and subsequently use design tools to model the requirements.  ? Experienced in all aspects of SDLC such as requirement analysis, design, development, testing, implementation, deployment & maintenance of Projects.  ? Strong Object Oriented Analysis, design and programming technical skills, ability to learn new emerging technologies and adapt quickly.  ? Handle multiple tasks and capable of handling responsibilities independently as well as a proactive team member.  ? Excellent Communication and inter personal Skills working with different teams and application end-users.  ? Strong Hands on experience in Installation, Server Clustering, Performance tuning, Backup/recovery, Query Optimization and Security.  ? Experience in supporting huge databases and troubleshooting issues.  ? Experienced in analyzing New/Existing Account opening, Mapping Entitlements & Security Protocols  ? Worked well independently as well as in team-oriented environments  ? Wide exposure to On site & Off-shore Team management, Testing, Implementation & Support Work Experience Sr. Database Administrator/Data Analyst TIAA-CREF - New York, NY November 2007 to August 2013 Responsibilities  TIAA-CREF, NYC Nov2007 – Aug 2013  Sr. Database Administrator/Data Analyst    Responsibilities ? Senior Database Administrator/Analyst conducting business Requirement & Meetings  ? Managed 150 SQL Servers and 800 databases on the Asset Management side of TIAA-CREF.   ? Extensively involved in Both Server Level and Database Level security of SQL 2000/2005/2008 such as creating logins, different database/Application roles, Assigning Role according to the requirements.   ? Created, Upgraded and migrated databases in SQL server 2000, SQL Server 2005 and SQL server 2008 to SQL Server 2008 R2.   ? Involved in backup strategies, Disaster Recovery Modelling and High Availability in production servers.   ? Responsible for creating and scheduling jobs such as backup, tuning the databases, daily reports notifications.   ? Monitoring Customized jobs to keep track of job failure in database server.   ? Responsible for server level as well database level performance monitoring using various tools such as system monitor, SQL profiler, activity monitor, third party vendor tools such as NETIQ, TIVOLI and TSQL.   ? Responsible for troubleshooting and problem resolution of production, test and development environment.   ? Responsible for applying and testing Services packs, cumulative and hot patches.   ? Involved in creating and administrating clustered Environment, Virtual (VM) Environment.   ? Responsible for data transfer using DTS and SSIS packages in SQL server 2000/2005/2008.  ? Responsible for high availability of the system, Log Shipping, Clustering, database mirroring.   ? Responsible for configuring/troubleshooting replication.   ? Produce & Manage data migration plans for bulk data- legacy and incumbent systems  ? Produce scope of effort estimates to Project & Program Management teams  ? Act as Liaison between Operations and Technology team,  ? Provide in-depth analysis report on Client and Account - Reference Data to Business and Technology Partners  ? Develop Workflows and Data Mapping for IT development  ? Prepare application performance report to Management team and Stake holders  ? Train New Hires with the process and infrastructure knowledge of the Organization.  ? Review team members work and supervise application development  ? Created Standard Operating Procedures and (SOP) and Work Instructions (WI) for upgrade.  ? Responsible to execute, Capacity planning, sizing, monitoring Disk I/O, Server Rebuild & migration.   ? Involved in Change Management, Problem management activities implementing database changes in production and development activities using SERVICE NOW.   ? Responsible as Primary Security Administrator for SOX/SAS 70 databases and provide evidence to external and internal auditors including compliance with all database year round.  ? Responsible for database to application mapping for all SQL Servers using Rochade tool and keeping the inventory to date on a daily basis.  ? Responsible for Workflow and Data Mappings for all databases on all servers using Rochade tool.  ? Responsible for Data Archiving using IDERA tools for SOX and SAS70 databases.  ? Responsible for maintaining the trading platform databases and server along with the front end maintenance and security of application Long View Trading System.  ? Determine hardware and software requirements, SQL installation options and testing throughout SDLC.   ? Evaluated data storage considerations to store databases and transaction logs.   ? Developed Integration services package for data transformation and to implement business logic.  ? Installed and configured Reporting and Analysis Services.  ? Document server and database policies and procedures.  ? Involved in Disaster recovery and created the documentation Sr. Database Analyst/Project Manager Canada Revenue Agency - Ottawa, ON October 2003 to November 2007 Responsibilities  ? Writing Business Requirement Document, Gap Analysis, Test Cases  ? Create Reference Data, Hierarchies, Process Manual and Reporting Templates.  ? Data Analysis with Reference and Fact details  ? Planning and executing User Acceptance Testing  ? Trouble shoot issues related to integration Testing and follow up with IT/QA team  ? Develop Wireframes for Screen design and Workflow process for IT development  ? Work closely with Project Director and Controllers on project aspects and status  ? Senior Business Analyst and IT Liaison in Consulting with business group like FAC, FRS, Banking and IT for project Requirement Gathering , Use Cases, Functional Specifications & Implementing Methodologies.  ? Coordinating with Business/IT team on conducting UAT, resolving Ad-hoc issue  ? Preparing Gap Analysis, Traceability Metrics, Technical Design, Test Plan, Test Cases, Data Analysis and Modelling.  ? Work with third party vendors to get & send the data via ftp in zip format and load the data in to MS SQL Server databases.  ? Analyse New/Existing Account opening and mapping Entitlements requirements and work with development team for developing and maintenance of Security Protocols.  ? Work with Release/Change Management team for all scheduled QA/Production releases  ? Database Administrator for Development, Test and Production servers.  ? Installed and administered SQL Servers.  ? Created & managed the database users, login IDs and security.  ? Created and modified database objects like tables, views, indexes etc.  ? Extracted Data from MS ACCESS And MySQL  ? Created DTS package to export and import data from SQL Server to Access, text and EXCEL files.  ? Extract, transform/modify and load data from database files to other type files.   ? Checked Performance Tuning, Full Text Indexing, Query Optimization.   ? Configured Failover and HPC Clustering for better performance and High availability.  ? Generated reports using Microsoft Reporting Services  ? Providing Training and consultation to application development teams.  ? Designed cubes and Data Marts to cater to different business needs.  ? Database monitoring using system tools.  ? Train New Hires.  ? Demonstration of the benefits of using Data Marts and Cubes to different teams.  ? Coordinator for the whole Branch for Technology and Employment Equity. Sr. Database Analyst/Project Manager Canada Revenue Agency - Ontario, CA October 2003 to February 2007 Responsibilities  ? Writing Business Requirement Document, Gap Analysis, Test Cases  ? Create Reference Data, Hierarchies, Process Manual and Reporting Templates.  ? Data Analysis with Reference and Fact details  ? Planning and executing User Acceptance Testing  ? Trouble shoot issues related to integration Testing and follow up with IT/QA team  ? Develop Wireframes for Screen design and Workflow process for IT development  ? Work closely with Project Director and Controllers on project aspects and status  ? Senior Business Analyst and IT Liaison in Consulting with business group like FAC, FRS, Banking and IT for project Requirement Gathering , Use Cases, Functional Specifications & Implementing Methodologies.  ? Coordinating with Business/IT team on conducting UAT, resolving Ad-hoc issue  ? Preparing Gap Analysis, Traceability Metrics, Technical Design, Test Plan, Test Cases, Data Analysis and Modelling.  ? Work with third party vendors to get & send the data via ftp in zip format and load the data in to MS SQL Server databases.  ? Analyse New/Existing Account opening and mapping Entitlements requirements and work with development team for developing and maintenance of Security Protocols.  ? Work with Release/Change Management team for all scheduled QA/Production releases  ? Database Administrator for Development, Test and Production servers.  ? Installed and administered SQL Servers.  ? Created & managed the database users, login IDs and security.  ? Created and modified database objects like tables, views, indexes etc.  ? Extracted Data from MS ACCESS And MySQL  ? Created DTS package to export and import data from SQL Server to Access, text and EXCEL files.  ? Extract, transform/modify and load data from database files to other type files.   ? Checked Performance Tuning, Full Text Indexing, Query Optimization.   ? Configured Failover and HPC Clustering for better performance and High availability.  ? Generated reports using Microsoft Reporting Services  ? Providing Training and consultation to application development teams.  ? Designed cubes and Data Marts to cater to different business needs.  ? Database monitoring using system tools.  ? Train New Hires.  ? Demonstration of the benefits of using Data Marts and Cubes to different teams.  ? Coordinator for the whole Branch for Technology and Employment Equity. Additional Information Educational Qualifications & Certifications  MCS Masters in Computer Science  BCS Bachelor of Computer Science   Information Systems Diploma in Business Administration  DCP  MCP Diploma in Computer Programmer  Microsoft Certified Professional   OCA Oracle Certified Associate
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1081.html#93:::Lead Oracle DBA;Oracle DBA;Jr Oracle Database Administrator;Database;Oracle;Pl/sql;Sql;Aix;Linux;Shell scripting;Solaris;Sun;Unix;Unix shell;Ux;Hp-ux;Rman;Scripting;Vpn;Cisco;Rdbms;Loader;Windows 95:::Lead Oracle DBA Lead Oracle DBA Lead Oracle DBA Waxahachie, TX Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Lead Oracle DBA City Credit Union - Dallas, TX June 2017 to June 2019 • Installed Grid Infrastructure Software on new Linux Servers for 3node and 6nodeRAC and Failover environments.  • Participated in analysis and designing of Oracle Exadata server for infrastructure and related projects.  • Created Streams environment in unidirectional and table level for replication of data.  • Worked in troubleshooting RAC and implemented 11g New ASM features.  • Applied necessary Patches during installation and also in up-gradation of databases on Oracle database versions 10g and 11g.  • Extensively worked in setting up physical standby database using Data guard on Oracle11gR2.  • Configured Data guard broker between the primary and standby databases, perform Switchover/Failover and monitor the Data guard status via DGMGRL and GUI.  • Experienced in switching primary database to standby and standby to primary during regular maintenances of catalog databases and DR databases.  • Migration of all Oracle 9i/10g databases/clients to 11g.  • Handy in utilizing data pump tool for exporting and importing the data between databases.  • Involved and Upgraded Analytical Databases from 11g to 12c.  • Installed and configured OEM Grid control and intensively used Diagnostic & tuning packs along with AWR & ADDM reports.  • Performance tuning of queries consuming Excessive Resources or slow running queries by providing Required Hints to the Query.  • Supported development effort by providing SQL statement tuning and optimizing ETL procedures and removing load and query performance bottlenecks by using tools SQL Trace, AWR reports, ADDM, and Oracle Enterprise Manager.  • Understood the concepts of AMS (Archival Management System) and implemented successfully in production environment to archive historical data.  • Experienced in managing Daily Online backups (Level-0 and Level-1) and Archive Backups using RMAN.  • Data loading using SQL*Loader into Oracle Database from different sources (OLTP).  • Migration of databases from 11g to 12c using export/import and data pump export/import utilities and Performed database refresh activities for business requirement and tuning purposes.  • Weekly Data Refresh from Production to Development and Test environments using Data Pump export/import.  • Collaborate with the DBA and Development Team in successful implementation of data warehouse release.  • Having good exposure in user management, table space management, session management, undo management issues.  • Involved in managing space issues in the Database Level for table space and Regular file system cleanup at UNIX level.  • UNIX shell scripting as and when required based on the requirement.  • Experience with remedy ticketing tools for resolving the tickets.  • Provided 24x7 support and On-Call rotation when needed for very large databases.    Environment: RHEL 4.2, OEM, Oracle 10g/11g/12c, RAC,SQL* Loader, Shell scripting, XMing, Putty, RMAN, ASM, Data Guard. Oracle DBA ATOS Digital Health Solutions - Irving, TX September 2015 to June 2017 • Supporting multiple databases backup and recovery with RMAN Utility for production, development, test and staging purposes on linux, Solaris and Windows environments.  • Implemented a solid SDLC Methodology  • Implemented switchovers on primary and standby databases as a part of planned maintenance activities.  • Evaluated Oracle 11gR2 Golden Gate for future purposes that is for reducing the complexity involved in Oracle Streams.  • Configured Oracle Streams on Oracle 11g, 10g databases for data replication and monitored them using Grid Control.  • Rebuilding Indexes and gather statistics on tables on different databases on a regular basis to gain database performance using DBMS_STATS package  • Successfully upgraded the databases from 11g to non CDB 12c.  • Successfully migrated 12c Non CDB databases to pluggable databases.  • Created Oracle Wallets and implemented Tablespace level TDE security.  • Successfully setup 4 node Primary RAC with 3 node physical standby for new application in 11GR2. Tuning the Databases for optimization using AWR, ASH, ADDM, STATSPACK, Explain Plans and TKPROF, Estimating Table & Index Size.  • Utilizing Enterprise manager to monitor alerts, schedule jobs, monitor SQL loads, generate AWR reports  • Configured Oracle Data Guard to ensure disaster recovery, high availability and data protection.  • Database monitoring and performance tuning using OEM GC, AWR and ADDM, ASH, SQLT, TRCA, SQL Access Advisor, SPM,  • Automated the Data Replication process using Materialized Views for reporting databases.  • Used Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) 11g Grid Control for monitoring multiple database and notification of database alerts, and configured EM agents on multiple database servers.  • Implementing Datapump, conventional export/import utility of Oracle 11g, 10g for re-organizing Databases/Schemas/Tables to improve the performance.  • Used import/export utilities for cloning/migration of small sized databases and Datapump import/export to move data between 9i and 10g/11g environments.  • Applying upgrade patch, maintenance and interim (opatch) patches on all the databases.  • Refreshing Dev and Test instances with data from Production on a regular basis.  • Developed PL/SQL packages, DML, DDL, Oracle tables, Stored Procedures, functions, cursors, triggers and UNIX shell scripts.  • Thorough knowledge in setting up infrastructure for databases in huge datacenters.  • Installed Oracle 11g on Linux platform using ASM.  • Successful in applying RDBMS patches, security patches for improving the security and functionality of the databases.  • Efficiently performed installation, setup and creation of four node cluster RAC with Oracle 11.2.0.3 database using GRID infrastructure with ASM file systems on RHEL 5.5.  • Maintenance of Oracle 11gR2 Real Application Cluster (RAC) Database for High Availability, Scalability and Performance by determining the best Cluster architecture, choosing the best hardware configuration for Oracle RAC.  • Successful in installation/maintenance of Physical Standby database using Oracle Data Guard for Oracle 11.2.0.3 and Oracle 10.2.0.5 RAC databases.  • Implemented proactive monitoring using Tuning Pack, Diagnostics Pack, and STATSPACK, SQL Trace & TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN.  • Database monitoring/maintenance, replication process and performance tuning are done using OEM (Oracle Enterprise Manager).  Environment: Oracle 11g/12cRAC/9i, VMS, Sun Solaris, Windows Server 2003, Red Hat Linux, TOAD, RMAN, SQL server, OEM. Jr Oracle Database Administrator In-Telecom - Slidell, LA February 2012 to August 2015 • Installed Oracle 12c on Linux and Worked on RAC11g and worked on ASM feature.  • Installation and configuration of Oracle 11g RAC 2 node on Linux.  • Applied CPU security patches in both RAC and standalone systems in ASM environment.  • Responsible for maintaining Oracle 11g/10g standby databases in Red Hat Linux.  • Configured 11g new feature Active Data guard on 11g and maintained standby databases.  • DBCA for database creation.  • Experience in working with Oracle on Exadata related Issues/Investigations &Troubleshooting Exadata.  • Executed Switchover operation during planned maintenance.  • Implemented Oracle streams for replication and configured tablespaces for streams administration at database and table level.  • Involved in Database and Transaction log Backups and Restoration, backup strategies, scheduling the backups.  • Involved in Disaster Recovery Exercise.  • Database backup & Recovery with export and import for non-archive and archive database with RMAN commands.  • Also configured database cloning using RMAN.  • Backing up system & user databases and restoring them as required and Create Database users and roles and implement appropriate user security.  • Space management on file system and ASM.  • Experienced with Oracle 10g/11g ASM feature.  • Created disk groups with required redundancy levels.  • Migrated Non-ASM databases to ASM environment for high availability on 11g.  • Implemented Oracle Replication through materialized view.  • Daily Health Check Up of the Database and SQL Queries using AWR and ADDM.  • Managed database security. Designed and implemented Permissions Security Project which provides highest level of the application security.  • Performance tuning of Queries by maintaining Aggregates, Compression, partition, indexing and use of Hints, Stored outlines, Statistics for the same.  • Worked on setting up auditing in databases.  • Experience with DDL and DML operations and having sound knowledge.  • Good experience with Oracle performance issues in both application tuning & memory tuning.  • Trouble shooting of various database performances by proper diagnosis at all levels like SQL, PL/SQL, database design, database tables and indexes.  • Writing UNIX shell scripts to manage Oracle environment and application processes.    Environment: RHEL 6, Sun Solaris, Oracle 11g/12c, 10g/11g RAC, 10g Grid, OEM, RMAN,ASM, Data guard, SQL*Plus, Shell Scripting. Environment: Oracle 11g/12cRAC/9i, VMS, Sun Solaris, Windows Server 2003, Red Hat Linux, TOAD, RMAN, SQL server, OEM. Education Bachelor of Science in Criminal Justice in Criminal Justice University of North Texas Skills Database, Oracle, Pl/sql, Sql, Aix, Linux, Shell scripting, Solaris, Sun, Unix, Unix shell, Ux, Hp-ux, Rman, Scripting, Vpn, Cisco, Rdbms, Loader, Windows 95 Additional Information TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES:    Operating Systems HP-UX 10.x, 11.x. Sun Solaris 2.5, 2.6, 8, 9, 10. AIX 5.1, 5.2, 5.3, 6.1 RHEL 2.1, 3.x, 4.x, 5.x.Linux Enterprise Server 9, 10. Windows 95/98/NT/2000.  RDBMS Oracle 9i, 10g, 11g, 12c  Languages SQL, PL/SQL, UNIX Shell Scripting.  Tools  SQL*Plus, Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control, Toad, Putty, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN, STATPACK, AWR, ADDM, ASH, NX client, Winscp, Remote Desktop Connection, VNC, Team Viewer, LogMeIn and Cisco VPN Client    Database Utilities  RCONFIG, ADRCI, DBVERIFY, DG Broker, ASMCMD, SRVCTL, CRSCTL, LSNRCTL, SQL, DBNEWID, Transportable Tablespaces, SQL*Loader, RMAN, Data Pump, Export, Import, LogMiner
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1082.html#94:::Database Administrator;Content Operations Project Manager;IT Manager;DBA;MYSQL;Sql Server;Ssis;Sql Dba;C# (2 years);VBA (5 years);Network Administration (10+ years);Networking (10+ years);Network Management (10+ years);Project Management (6 years);IT Management (10+ years);It Project Management (6 years);Windows Server (2 years);Linux (2 years);VOIP (3 years);Desktop Support (10+ years):::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator - Ultrafryer Schertz, TX Experienced Database Administrator with 2 years of experience working with SQL Server Management, writing SQL queries, and building reports with SQL Server Report Manager. Additionally, I have similar experience with network infrastructure, Windows Server management and VoIP services. I have working knowledge of C# programming using the .NET platform and have deployed custom tailored software, with a SQL back end, for company use.    Previously, I was a project manager professional with 6 years of experience working with the development, testing, deployment and application of database solutions in regards to AT&T U-Verse. Documented success of maintaining a 99.99% accuracy during the management of sports blackouts on AT&T U-Verse. Maintained working relationships with outside developers as well as third party vendors, such as Pace, Alcatel-Lucent and Ericsson.     I am very personable and comfortable adapting to any situation easily. I have a strong attention to detail and can easily visualize analytics. Work Experience Database Administrator Ultrafryer - San Antonio, TX June 2017 to Present Implemented and managed all aspects of MS SQL Server 2016 including migrating data from previous DB.  Developed and deployed SQL Server reports, developed SQL/T-SQL views, stored procedures, disaster recovery.  Manage SQL Server 2008 R2 data for CRM upgrade.  Developed and implemented from MS Visual Studio a C# app for inventory management.  Utilized Power BI to create reports for production floor efficiency and productivity Content Operations Project Manager AT&T - San Antonio, TX June 2010 to August 2016 Created VSDA system for creation of channels on AT&T U-Verse.  Managed special event projects such as the Masters Golf tournament.  Implemented shared team projects for channel creation  Implemented sports scheduling via VSDA  Other duties such as black-out management and DB management via XML  Assisted quality assurance through beta testing and writing/compiling install code. IT Manager Aria Medical Equipment - San Antonio, TX August 2008 to September 2009 Built, deployed, maintained Red Hat Servers, WinXP, Fedora and VOIP systems  Developed various tools in C++ and PHP  Deployed IMAP and SMTP servers Education mathematics and physics San Antonio College - San Antonio, TX 2009 to 2010 Electrical Engineering University of Texas San Antonio - San Antonio, TX 2003 to 2006 Skills DBA, MYSQL, Sql Server, Ssis, Sql Dba, C# (2 years), VBA (5 years), Network Administration (10+ years), Networking (10+ years), Network Management (10+ years), Project Management (6 years), IT Management (10+ years), It Project Management (6 years), Windows Server (2 years), Linux (2 years), VOIP (3 years), Desktop Support (10+ years)
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1083.html#95:::SQL/ETL Developer;SSIS/Report Developer;Database Developer;Network Administrator;Data modeling;Database;Ms access;Sql server;Sql server 2008;Sql;SSRS;Star schema;Visio;Erwin;SDLC;R2;Ms visio;Windows server 2008, 2012;ETL;Data Warehouse;SSIS:::SQL/ETL Developer SQL/ETL Developer SQL/ETL Developer - Express Capital Funding Anaheim, CA 5+ years of professional experience with knowledge in Data Modeling, Data Warehouse, ETL, T-SQL development, MS Business Intelligence Tools like (SSIS, SSAS and SSRS) in SQL Server 2017/2014/ 2012/2008R2/2008/2005.  3 years of professional experience with knowledge in building and configuring windows servers, and supporting the network.    • Developed SSIS ETL packages to meet data flow needs.  • Created Parameterized reports and Linked reports and thorough knowledge of report serving architecture using SSRS.  • Involved in troubleshooting the stored procedures, functions, views, triggers and part to be increasing the performance tuning.  • Wrote several SQL Scripts such us finding tables that have Identity Columns, finding tables that do not have primary key.  • Developed and performed data modeling studies, support data selection, extraction and cleansing of mediation applications.  • Used Joins, correlated and non-correlated sub-queries for complex business queries involving multiple tables from different databases.  • Automated the SSIS jobs in SQL scheduler as SQL server agent job for daily, weekly and monthly loads.  • Extensively involved in replication and implemented Snapshot, Merge and Transactional Replications.  • Extensively used Joins and Sub-Queries to simplify complex queries involving multiple tables and established relationships between tables using Primary Key & Foreign Key  • Managed source code, keeping track of project deliverability such as defects, requirements, tasks and versioning control with the using of Team Foundation Server.  • Determine how useful using an index is and if an index is improving or hindering application performance.  • Created stored procedures for generating reports using SQL Server Reporting Services.  • Experience in working with multiple cross functional teams under strict deadlines. Efficient in creating joins and sub-queries involving multiple tables.  • Enhanced performance of databases using optimization techniques-normalization, indexing and Transaction Isolation levels, monitoring logs to ensure the completeness of batch processes, scripts and processes.  • Supported Application Development team with any database issues, updates or new releases and deadlock issues, best practices in structuring SQL Queries, debugging unexpected SQL results, etc.  • Worked and delivered time sensitive production support tickets and escalations.  • A well-organized, goal-oriented, highly-motivated effective team member with excellent analytical, troubleshooting, and problem solving skills. Work Experience SQL/ETL Developer Express Capital Funding - Anaheim, CA January 2018 to Present Roles and Responsibilities:  * Design and provide technical support of databases for specific user requirements. Performs development and implementation of data specifications, designs, integration, testing, and documentation.  * Assist with technical support, analytic activities and other duties as directed by supervisor.  * Develop understanding of client business processes, objectives, and solution requirements.  * Develop understanding of application processes, coding standards, and performance standards while learning existing and new processes and technologies.  * Involved in various ETL activities that includes designing, developing, implementing, and support for Data Warehouse using ETL tools.  * Experience with ETL process involves gathering user requirements, preparing detailed documents for the Source/Target mapping.  * Expertise in OLTP/OLAP system study, Good experience building Star schema and Snowflake schema depending on the business data requirements.  * Write T-SQL statements for retrieval of data and involved in performance tuning of T-SQL queries and Stored Procedures.  * Implement complex business logic with Store procedures, User Defined Functions, Views and write T-SQL batches with CTE (Common Table Expressions) for recursive operations.  * Plan, design and document the optimum usage of space requirements and distribution of space for the Data Warehouse.  * Identify, testify and resolve database performance issues (monitoring and tuning) to ensure database optimization.  * Created clustered and non-clustered indexes on tables for new database to faster retrieval of data for the Reports.  * Examine and evaluate the data structures in the source and enhanced the old logical and physical database design to fit new business requirement, and implemented new design into SQL Server 2008 R2/2012.  * Write complex store procedures for data profiling process needed to define the structure of the pre staging and staging area, as well as triggers for consistency checks.  * Experience in writing complex SQL queries involving multiple table's inner and outer joins, stored procedures.  * Involved in analysis, design and development of large databases to solve complex business problems.  * Design of the Database and the Tables and built table relationships with other team member.  * Develop SQL scripts to Insert/Update and Delete data in MS SQL database tables.  * Wrote complex SQL statements using joins, sub queries and correlated sub queries.  * Create complex Stored Procedures, Triggers, Functions, Indexes, Tables, Views and other T-SQL code and SQL Joins for applications.  * Optimize query performance by creating indexes, including covered non-cluster indexes to speedup table look up  * Enhancing and deploying the SSIS packages from development server to production server and scheduled jobs for executing the stored SSIS packages which were developed to update the database on Daily/Weekly/Monthly basis.  * Support the logging framework by generating reports to identify the trends and set up the strategy to find bug trends, code changes using Team Foundation Server.    Tools used: MS SQL Server 2008 R2/2012, BIDS/SSDT (SSIS, SSAS, SSRS), Erwin, Visio, Windows 2008 Server, SP 2010 SSIS/Report Developer Springleaf Financial - Anaheim, CA March 2016 to January 2018 Roles and Responsibilities:  * Worked with Business Analysts and end users in gathering detailed requirements and specifications.  * Developed relational databases optimized to provide data, analyzed and interpreted data feed sources (FTP connections, direct server queries, raw data files) to migrate data from various data formats into SQL Server databases using daily automated import processes (DTS and SSIS packages, etc.).    * Responsible for troubleshooting database issues and engaged in problem solving tasks involving data feed transformations. Worked with clients to address pressing issues by handling requests via internal ticketing system.  * Involved in designing the physical database models on SQL Server 2008R2/2008 RDBMS.  * Created the T-SQL script to generate all the tables and relationships based on the finalized ER-Diagram.  * Wrote complex stored procedures for Data Profiling, Backup the databases as well as handling the index fragmentation.  * Implemented error handling techniques like try catch blocks, error functions in T-SQL scripts and stored procedures to support the applications.  * Developed complex Stored Procedures, triggers and User Defined Functions for implementing business logic and process in backend, for data extraction, reports and other client interfaces.  * Involved in Query Optimization and Performance Tuning using tools SQL Profiler, Index Tuning Wizard and Database Engine Tuning Advisor.  * Created views as required by front end developer for easier implementation on web pages, and wrote instead of triggers on those views to provide efficient data manipulation.  * Developed complex mappings using SSIS to transform and load the data from various source systems like Excel, Flat files, into the SQL 2008 R2 Server target staging database.  * Involved in Full and daily Incremental loads into Staging and ODS areas, troubleshooting process issues and errors using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) 2014.  * Created event handlers on every executable in an SSIS package.  * Optimized ETL packages by optimizing queries and using proper transformations.  * Implemented package configurations on the development and test environments.  * Created several ad hoc reports, drill down, drill through, sub, linked, cached and snapshot reports using reporting services.  * Involved in Report generation using SSRS and Excel services and deployed them on Shard folders on the Server.  * Deploying and scheduling Reports using SSRS to generate all daily, weekly, monthly and quarterly Reports including current status.  * Designed and deployed Parameter-driven reports using parameters tab in the SSRS GUI procedures by Setting up the report-level parameters, along with Building parameter-driven queries and stored and placing them, in the data field.  * Transformed the data using different SSIS transformations like Aggregate, split, join, merge, derived column, Multicast, term extraction and data conversion of SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS).  * Developed ETL package with different data sources (SQL Server, Flat Files, Excel Source files, etc.) and loaded the data into target tables by performing different kinds of transformations using SQL Server Integration Services    Tools used: SQL Server 2008R2/2008, SSIS, SSRS, Erwin, Windows Server, Visio, TFS, Power Pivot, MS Visual Studio 2008. Database Developer Guardian International - Alhambra, CA October 2014 to March 2016 Roles and Responsibilities:  * Was responsible for analyzing various dimensions and facts that could be included in Data Warehouse design using best suited Star-Schema and created logical and physical model of DW type 2 slowly changing dimentions  * Created Stored Procedures, Views, and User Defined Functions to facilitate the automation of data entry by a front end application.  * Was responsible for identifying sources, creating staging database, and data warehouse (Facts and Dimensions).  * Managed the entire ETL process involving the extraction, analysis, transformation, loading and presentation of information to the end users.  * Created packages with several Transformations in each Package making sure that the data is cleaned and confirmed before being sent to the Staging Area.  * Created complex SSIS packages to pull data from Excel and flat files to SQL server  * Was responsible for securing the entire database with various types of encryption techniques along with the use of certificates.  * Implemented package configurations on the development, test, and production environments.  * Was responsible for securing the entire database with various types of encryption techniques along with the use of certificates.  * Implemented appropriate high-availability solution like log-shipping and mirroring which best suited the business needs according to the functionality and the budget requirements.  * Created several reports using SSRS such as Drill Through reports, Linked, and sub reports.  * Managed very large reports that return a large volume of records and optimized their performance using techniques such as Cascading Parameters and Filters. Network Administrator February 2013 to October 2014 Roles and Responsibilities:  * Systems operations, maintenance and installation of Microsoft operating systems, applying updates, patches and hot fixes of servers and workstations  * Monitoring the performance of an existing networking devices, and troubleshooting any issues such as slow performance or network bottlenecks.  * Installing and running server security software to protect the server from computer viruses, spyware, malware, and other security threats  * Active directory and group policy administration on Windows Operating Systems  * Systems integrations by linking different computing systems, applications, software and hardware in a manner that improves functionality of existing systems.  * Crimping and making CAT-5 Cables as may be needed if short staffed  * Making data backups on window servers (Full, Incremental or Differential) using Veritas Backup    * Tools used: SQL Server 2008R2/2008, Windows server 2008, Windows Server 2012 SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, Visio Education Bachelor in Computer Information in Computer Information California State University Skills Data modeling, Database, Ms access, Sql server, Sql server 2008, Sql, SSRS, Star schema, Visio, Erwin, SDLC, R2, Ms visio, Windows server 2008, 2012, ETL, Data Warehouse, SSIS Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information Technical Proficiencies:  * Operating Systems: Windows 8 & 10, Windows Server 2003/2008/R2/2012  * Database Packages: SQL Server 2008/R2/2012/2014/2017, MS Access  * BI Tools: BIDS/SSDT, SSMS, SSIS/SSAS/SSRS, TFS, Power Pivot  * Data Modeling: Erwin, MS Visio  * SDLC Methodologies: Star schema Data Model, Water Fall Model
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1084.html#96:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;JuniorOracle DBA;IT support Administrator;Database;Ms access;Ms sql server;Sql server;Mysql:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - SUBARU AUTOMOTIVE Rhode Island (RI) Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator SUBARU AUTOMOTIVE - Lafayette, IN September 2017 to Present • Database Administrator supporting three major projects from Dev to Prod through Tech-Test environments, involving daily configuration, administration all running on Red Hat Enterprise Linux and Database sizes range from 2GB to 5TB  • Applies CPU/PSU Patches on ERP instance and Plain databases.  • Clones of Test/DEV instances from Production systems.  • Maintains Oracle11gR2 RAC high availability with ASM, file system with Cluster Stat and Grid infrastructure on Linux environments. Database reorganizations and refresh schema-using Export/Import. Creating the database, table spaces, Quotas, tables, indexes, setting privileges and user logins.  • Provides System support for both development and 24*7 production environments.  • Analyzes SQL queries causing performance problems in the database  • Creates, Configured, Upgraded and Administered 10.2.0.4/11.2.03 & 12.1 versions Oracle databases on Linux Red Hat and Cent OS on VMware and bare-metal environments  • Executes an upgrade of Oracle Database from 11g to 12c.  • Creates and configures new database server and database environments.  • Performs MonthlyRe-org of complete databases using expdp and impdp.  • Experience in monitoring and tuning system resources associated with the database performance, hit ratios, I/O, lock, and latch contention.  • Executes Disaster Recovery (DR) Plan Implemented using DATAGUARD (Physical Standby) for high availability/disaster recovery purpose on Oracle 11g.  • Performs DR switchover and failover operations.  • Participates in meetings for Project Updates/Project Enhancements/Trouble shooting periodically  • Maintains database and middleware/SOA layer performance by identifying and resolving production and application development problems; calculating optimum values for parameters; evaluating, integrating, and installing new releases.  • Supports Oracle DB backups (online/offline), logical backups and Linux scripts, created clone databases, configured standby database, performed DBA day-to-day activities  • Troubleshoots installation errors both independently and with Oracle support (via My Oracle Support or metal link)  • Creates oracle databases on configured servers using both the DBCA & Database creation scripts.  • Manages, tune and troubleshoot database issues both on Linux command line, SQL*Plus, OEM client, Oracle 10g database control, oracle 10g Grid Control as well as other third party tools like TOAD, SQLDeveloper  • Monitors and performs database sizing, tablespace management and rollback tablespace management, transaction management and security administration  • Carryout Data migration between databases using both Oracle 10g and 11g export/import utility and Oracle 11g exp/imp data pump.  • Provides valuable inputs for various performance tuning issues.  • Expert in Performance Tuning and Monitoring of Oracle Databases on Linux/Unix platform using AWR , ADDM reports, Advisors as SQL tuning, SQL Advice, Undo, Segment, MTTR, Memory. Installation of 11.2.0.1 and 11.2.0.2 and 11.2.0.3 RAC databases on ASM and NFSfile systems.  • Involves in design and enforcing of standards in place to ensure that all application design and code is produced with proper integrity, security and performance.  • Refreshes schema using Export/Import. Created the database, tablespace, tables, indexes, set privileges and user logins  • Works on in house installation of Oracle on different platforms, loaded user data to reproduce the problem, applied new Oracle patch, managed database backup usingRMAN, upgraded Oracle database 10.2.0.4 to 11.2.0.1  • Monitorsdatabase systems and provide technical support for database system issues and application performance enhancement/improvement using both OEM (client), Oracle 10g database control & SQL*Plus, as well as pre-developed Linux shell scripts.    Tools Used: Oracle RMAN, Oracle 11g (11.2.0.2),OEM Grid control ,Datapump, AWR,SQL TRACE,BI PUB and TWS. Oracle Database Administrator MATERIAL IN MOTION (MIM) Fairbun,GA May 2015 to August 2017 • Cloned/Migrated databases using RMAN and traditional Datapumpexport/import utilities in Oracle 10gR2.  • Worked on disaster recovery of a Dataguard physical standby Failover/switchover/loss of service /rebuild/corruption/loss of datafile testing.  • Automated monitoring the databases, performance parameters, backup and recovery activities by running Cron jobs and customized various Unix Shell Scripts in sending Email for ORA- errors, reports for Quick Morning Check (QMC), automate routine DBA tasks of taking backups, exports, space usage monitoring, move Archive Logs to different mount point when Archive Destination is full and resync RMAN catalog.  • Worked with a team for installation and maintenance of ORACLE 10g RAC, ASM database for high availability.  • Provided System support for both development and 24*7 production environments.  • Monitored and tuned long running jobs by working closely with the application development team and analyzing objects, created or rebuilt indexes, query tuning using SQL TRACE, TOAD.  • Performed troubleshooting of database using AWR and ADDM reports.  • Planned, tested and implemented backup strategy using RMAN, Oracle Utilities (Export/Import) EXPDP and OS methods.  • Executed Database replication from prod to test/dev environment Using RMAN, Data pump utilities and manually.  • Responsible for network config and involved in a Client-Server environment using TNSnames, Listener, Net CA and other configuration files.  • Creating and restoring databases using Oracle Flashback Technology with Guaranteed restore point.  • Strong skills in applying security patches (Patch set, Critical Patch Updates (CPU) / Patch SetUpdates (PSU),One-off Patch)using metal ink.  • Highly experienced in implementing Oracle's Transportable Tablespacefeature using DatapumpExport/Import (Oracle 11g, 10g) allowing users to quickly move a user Tablespace across Oracle databases.  • Expertise in implementing data refreshes (at database, schema & table level) using RMAN utility and Datapump, conventional Export/Import of Oracle 11g, 10g.  • Performed activities on ASM, creating disk group with different Redundancy Levels/using Fail group, adding a disk to a disk group, making disks online/offline and mount/dismount disk groups as SYSASM  • Constantly monitor the performance (V$ dynamic performance views at peak load) of the Databases and viewing Alert log files & Trace files.  • Used run blocks to run scripts to check the status of databases such as growing table sizes, extent allocation, free space, used space, fragmentation etc.  • Performed space management, capacity planning, disaster recovery and overall maintenance of the databases.  • Successfully performed data replication using Snapshot, Clone, Data pump export/import and RMAN in Oracle 10gR2.Applied patches 10.2.0.2 and 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4.    Tools Used: AWR, Oracle TOAD, RMAN, Datapump, SQL TRACE, OEM Grid control. JuniorOracle DBA BOSTON SCIENTIFIC - Minneapolis, MN January 2013 to April 2015 • Performed migration of the various databases in a UNIX environment.  • Restored and Recovery of database in case of database failures.  • Applied patches and works closely with Oracle to make Application environment up to date.  • Backups & Recovery Maintenance, Databases Performance Tuning.  • Typically involved in database Designing, creation and maintenance.  • Executed a good working knowledge of SQL.  • Created users and grant privileges according to the requirements.  • Working knowledge on UNIX administration on AIX server.  • Provided System support for both development and 24*7 production environments.  • Clear documentation was prepared on all the processes like program specification, bugs fixing logs & change requests for future reference. Performed daily database administration tasks: User management, Space monitoring, Performance monitoring and tuning, Alert Log monitoring and backup monitoring.  • Performed Physical backup (hot and cold) as well as Logical backup (Export/Import).  • Proactively managed the databases; set up alarms for managing any exceptions in day to day management of the databases; pre-empted and prevented issues, disasters from happening.  • Monitored table spaceissues, creating table spaces and adding data files.  • Involved in session management and monitored the critical wait events, blocking sessions in the database.  • Tuned Development, test and production database by altering the parameters.  • Executed Export and Import of database objects to copy from one database to another database.  • Investigated suspicious database activity using Auditing.  • Wrote database documentation, including data standards, procedures and definitions.    Tools Used: Oracle 10.2.0.1, Oracle 11g, RMAN, and Datapump, SQL TRACE, AWRand ADDM. IT support Administrator Target corp - Minneapolis, MN August 2010 to December 2012 • Performed Hardware Maintenance, Repairs of printers and computers.  • Troubleshoots and resolved hardware, software, network incidents or issues with desktops, laptops as well as printers.  • Configured and Setup end users workstations, monitoring network and making sure connections are up.  • Created partitions on hard disk drive for backup purposes.  • Executed installation of Operating System Programs.  • Performed Computer Upgrading and Maintenance.  • Carried out Window and Windows Upgrade.  • Executed Software Installation and Updating.  • Performed Hardware, software, configuration and equipment setup/ installation.  • Assisted users both remotely and onsite in various locations.  • Supported end users with the entire Microsoft Office applications.  • Executed Clone on hard drives to have the exact copy of data from the source drive to the destination drive.  • Supported both Mac and Windows products as well as operating systems.  • Protected the computer system from failures and also minizes the lost of data by performing a complete routine maintenance on the computers and network as well.  • Document activities, steps to resolution and process improvements.  • Created as well as changing or resetting user's password and Account. Education Bachelor's Skills Database, Ms access, Ms sql server, Sql server, Mysql Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Databases Oracle 12c,11g,10g,MySQL,Ms SQL Server,Ms Access  Database Tools Oracle (Oracle Enterprise Manager, SQL*Plus, SQL Loader, DB Configuration Assistant) Toad, OEM Grid, RMAN, Exp/Imp/Data Pump,AWR, DBCA, DBUA, ADDM,RAC,ASM,DataGuard, Migration,,SRVCTL,WinsSCP,SFTP, Putty,Netca, Secret server, Keypass, Bomgar,Zoho,Team Viewer, Togo Assist, ServiceNow, Recovery Catalog,Crontab,grep,awk and sed.  Operating Systems MS Windows, LINUX, UNIX (Solaris 8/9/10, AIX, HP-UX)  Hardware Sun Fire 15K, Sun 6320 Storage, Sun Enterprise Servers 890/880/420/450, Sun StorEdge6320, Hitachi, EMC, Dell Servers, Compaq Servers 6000/3000/1600/800, HP/UX-9000, Red Hat Linux 7.5
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1085.html#97:::Network and Database Administrator;Interim IT Manager;Network Technician;Network Administration;Customer Service;Vmware;Strategic Planning;exchange:::Network and Database Administrator Network and <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Network and Database Administrator - Lipsey Logistics Worldwide Chattanooga, TN Work Experience Network and Database Administrator Lipsey Logistics Worldwide March 2017 to Present 5600 Brainerd Road, Suite E2    • Administered onsite PBX (FreePBX/ Asterisk), LAN/WAN, SQL databases, and Windows/Linux servers and workstations  • Implemented Disaster Recovery Plan and oversaw backups and testing.  • Audit and developed network security policies.  • Reduced unplanned outages by 6.01% saving the company an estimated $100K  • Reduced reliance on contract labor by 42%  • Oversaw migration to new production server for database and main production software (McLeod TMS/SQL).  • Developed and implemented inventory control software and process. Interim IT Manager Lipsey Logistics Worldwide November 2018 to January 2019 5600 Brainerd Road, Suite E2    • Managed ongoing and new software development projects.  • Implemented version control (git) and Agile development process using Jira/Confluence.  • Manage vendor/contractor agreements and services. Network Technician Comcast Cable April 2011 to March 2017 2030 East Polymer Drive    • Provided high-level support for HFC network.  • Train and mentor junior technicians and installers for cable, LAN/WAN, VOIP, and home automation.  • Lead team to test and deploy new technologies including Deep Fiber, DOCSIS 3, and X1. Skills Network Administration, Customer Service, Vmware, Strategic Planning, exchange
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1086.html#98:::RESEARCH DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR;IT MANAGER;HELP DESK ANALYST:::RESEARCH DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR RESEARCH <span class="hl">DATABASE</span> <span class="hl">ADMINISTRATOR</span> RESEARCH DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR - THE ALEXANDER GROUP Houston, TX Work Experience RESEARCH DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR THE ALEXANDER GROUP April 2018 to Present Maintains database of candidates for executive recruiting firm servicing the AmLaw 100/200 firms and Big 4 Accounting firms. Researches details for searches, marketing targets, B2B/B2C, reference checking, pipeline management, working in tandem with associates in their recruiting search. Instructing associates and research team members on the database, training in all aspects of usage including searches, analytics, and reporting. IT and Desktop support when consultant is unavailable. IT MANAGER VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA OF GREATER BATON ROUGE August 2016 to February 2018 Performs IT troubleshooting, education, training, and support to social work professionals and employees. Tier 1-3 support. Supporting Microsoft Office, ADP, MySQL, Oracle, Office 365, Active Directory, Netsmart, and managing help desk solutions. Implements HER. Provides support for Lafayette, Lake Charles, and Baton Rouge facilities. PASTOR, ANTIOCHIAN ARCHDIOCESE OF NORTH AMERICA November 2011 to October 2016 Performs services, counsels parishioners, supervises educational programs, works with parish council in order to distribute alms, coordinate fundraising, and maintain financial stability, oversees community outreach, ministry, management, social media, and website design. Liaising with priests and bishops from the Middle East and Levant (Syria, Lebanon, Qatar). HELP DESK ANALYST PASTOR, ANTIOCHIAN ARCHDIOCESE OF NORTH AMERICA June 2014 to September 2015 Information Troubleshooting and support to healthcare professionals. Meditech database management, Windows peripherals/software, Active Directory, Cisco Call Manager, Virtual Desktop, helpdesk management. Education HOLY CROSS GREEK ORTHODOX SCHOOL OF THEOLOGY 2012 B.A. in HISTORY AND CLASSICAL LANGUAGES UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS AT AUSTIN - Austin, TX 2007 Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/michael-f-74a50b162
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1087.html#99:::Scrum Master;Security Control Assessor;ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR;Scrum Master:::Scrum Master Scrum Master Scrum Master - AKS Cyber Tech Inc Silver Spring, MD Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Scrum Master AKS Cyber Tech Inc - Lorton, VA January 2016 to Present • Responsible for facilitating Daily Stand-Up, Sprint Planning, Sprint Review/Demo, and Sprint Retrospective meetings.  • Served as point of contact and assisted with internal/external communications.  • Facilitate team discussions, decision making, and resolving conflict for the teams.  • Built relationship with Product owner and other stakeholders to facilitate communication between scrum team and stakeholders.  • Coached new team members and transition teams on agile principles and providing general guidance on Scrum to enhance skills level.  • Assisted Product Owner to Prioritize and Groom the Product Backlog using the DEEP Concept.  • Engaged with other Scrum Masters to increase the effectiveness of the application of Scrum in the organization.  • Ensure the DoD (definition of done) is met before user story is in Done State/status.  • Coached team members on agile principles and providing general guidance on the Agile Methodologies.  • Experience in working within a team using Agile concepts and methodologies including Scrum and Kanban (SCRUMBAN)  • Encouraged a friendly and respectful working environment to increase effective communications among team members.  • Collaborate closely with Product Owner and team on Backlog Refinement/Grooming to keep Product Backlog relevant and prioritized ensuring Acceptance Criteria are agreed upon and stories are ready for sizing.  • Serve as information radiator for internal and external communication and improving transparency.  • Engaged with Product owner and development team to ensure project goals and requirements are being met by teaching and ensuring that scrum is being used correctly.  • Assess the teams Scrum Maturity and encouraging continuous improvement by coaching and workshops.  • Made sure task boards are being updated to ensure transparency and effective communication.  • Help team to solve problems rather than provide solutions  • Track and communicate team Velocity and Sprint/Release progress to management and affected teams.  • Work with Product Owner and cross-functional team to groom User Stories on business value using the INVEST concept and 3Cs.  • Protect development team from outside distractions, Impediments or team conflicts and maintain focus on Sprint Backlog and project timeline.  • Participate in the Scrum of Scrums meetings to provide update of progress, escalates and resolve impediments and collaboration with other teams.  • Ensure the DoD (definition of done) is met before User Story is in Done State/status. Security Control Assessor Integrated Systems October 2013 to April 2015 • Strong familiarity with National Institute of Technology (NIST) Information Security Documents; NIST guidelines FIPS 199, Special Publication 800-53, 800-30, 800-37, 800-60, and Assessment and Authorization (A&A) process  • Experience interacting directly with multiple clients to conduct Kickoff and weekly meetings to deliberate on findings, and participate in a team effort to bring complex projects to meet schedule and deadlines  • Experience reviewing systems and network vulnerability assessments scans using Qualys Guide, Nessus  • Experience documenting NIST 800-53 security control compliance findings within Requirements Traceability Matrixes (RTMs) and Security Assessment Reports (SARs).  • Experience in conducting interviews with Stakeholders to ensure appropriate client artifacts are collected timely to satisfy assessment requirements and understand more about the clients' information system  • Identify system vulnerabilities and develop remediation plans and security procedures for potential risk  • Experience conducting security control assessment based in NIST 800-53 Rev 4, and 800-53A guidelines to ensure that implemented security controls are effective and operating as intended by FISMA, and OMB CIRCULAR A-130 guidelines  • Experience interpreting and evaluating implementations about security impact levels for confidentiality, integrity and availability with the Information System Owner (ISO), and present corrective actions to remediate identified vulnerabilities, with established schedules and deadlines created in a Plan of Action and Milestone (POA&M)  • Experience developing and promulgating Security Assessment Plans (SAP) ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR Pacific Systems - McDonough, GA September 2009 to October 2013 • Performed database performance tuning using AWR and ADDM reports.  • Used SQL Tuning advisor and Segment advisor  • Applied latest CPU patches and resolved various bug patches  • Performed 24/7 database support of all Oracle databases, ensured compliance with Oracle  license agreement, providing support for both Oracle in a Sun Solaris (UNIX) Enterprise  Server environment.  • Administered oracle backup with RMAN for full database backup and incremental backup.  RMAN scripting for full database restore/recovery, point-in-time recovery, and automated  backup and notification.  • Performed general technical troubleshooting and supported developers in tuning DB and apps for optimal performance.  • Monitored space usage and adjust database parameters as needed.  • Monitored backup operations and schedules manual backups as needed.  • Worked with system administrators to configure the system for optimal performance. Education Security+ Certification Ambrose Alli University, Ekpoma, Edo State Skills Scrum Master
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1088.html#100:::Help Desk Technician;Database Administrator Intern;Assistant Deli Manager;AutoCAD (1 year);Database (1 year);Excel (Less than 1 year);file management (Less than 1 year);security (1 year);DBA;LMS (Less than 1 year):::Help Desk Technician Help Desk Technician Database Administrator Intern - Subcontractor for KCW Engineering Technologies Adelphi, MD Cybersecurity graduate passionate about computer technology and security. Brings a hands-on approach to learning and problem-solving. Eager to expand technical knowledge and gain experience. Excellent analytical and critical thinking skills; a skilled communicator who can meet goals under deadlines. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Help Desk Technician PowerTrain Inc. March 2019 to Present • Provides secure hosting for thousands of sites for our Federal Government and commercial clients.  • Provides information and assistance to troubleshoot and solve problems accessing training and information.  • Provides help desk services across our LMSs, applications, sites, and LCMS, supporting hundreds of sites with a user population totaling over a million users.  • Provide an information and assistance resource that troubleshoot problems with courses and computers  • Be the first point of contact for all customer inquiries; escalate concerns of a complex nature to the Helpdesk Supervisor for advice and guidance.  • Ensure the provision of world class customer services ensuring all Estates and Facilities requests are dealt with effectively and efficiently.  • Run reports and analyze helpdesk data as requested.  • Ensure all relevant information in order to priorities and resolve requests is obtained and evaluated. Database Administrator Intern Subcontractor for KCW Engineering Technologies - Glen Burnie, MD 2018 to Present • Responsible for maintaining the integrity and performance of company databases and guarantee that data is stored securely and optimally • Ensure security of company data, Install updates, Backup and restore data, Install database software • Troubleshooting issues on behave of the users, Troubleshoot Database Errors • Strong technical and interpersonal communication, Ensure platform Availability • Update Database Permissions, Assign passwords and maintain database access • Configure database software, Deploy systems and system updates, setup security for database • Control access permissions and privileges, Support calls, ordering computer parts • Monitor database performance, implement changes and apply new patches and versions when required Assistant Deli Manager Safeway Inc - Gambrills, MD 2010 to Present • Strong work ethic, outstanding communication skills, deadline-driven; received two promotions.  • Supervise a crew of 4-5 employees daily. Delegate work assignments and effectively utilizing employees and supplies to provide customer satisfaction • Manage inventories: track weekly reports, order raw materials and supplies in order to maximize profits, drive sales, and reduce out- of- stock.  • Follow all guidelines and procedures outlined in department health and safety manuals • Prepared daily sandwiches, salads, and desserts to order in a very busy environment • Coordinate with other department to develop marketing plans that meet the financial objectives of the store.  • Provide leadership that promotes and exemplifies a passion for food Education Associate of Applied Science in Information Assurance and Cybersecurity Anne Arundel Community college - Hanover, MD Skills AutoCAD (1 year), Database (1 year), Excel (Less than 1 year), file management (Less than 1 year), security (1 year), DBA, LMS (Less than 1 year) Awards Public Notary 2018-07 Certified Public Notary Public Trust Clearance 2019-03 Obtained Public trust clearance Additional Information COMPUTER SKILLS  • Operating Systems: Chrome OS, Mac OS, Linux, Multi-tasking and Ubuntu  • Basic file management using command prompt and terminal window  • Use graphical user interface to perform file management  • Understanding of security threats to microcomputers and users  • Knowledgeable of methods to protect against security threats  • Create queries using Structured Query Language and Query by Example  • Understanding of OSI Model and TCP/IP protocols  • Understanding of subnetting  • Software applications: Windows 10, 2016, Microsoft Office 2017, Microsoft PowerPoint 2016, Microsoft Vista, Excel, VMware, Spreadsheet, Adobe, Communication software and Database Software  • Minimum AutoCAD experience, Symantec, message labs, office365, and LogMeIn
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1089.html#101:::F-35 Suitability Analyst;F-35 Database Administrator;Project Lead;Software Engineer:::F-35 Suitability Analyst F-35 Suitability Analyst Los Angeles, CA Work Experience F-35 Suitability Analyst Joint Operational Test Team / Royal Netherlands Air Force - Edwards AFB, CA September 2017 to Present F-35 Database Administrator Royal Netherlands Air Force - Edwards AFB, CA May 2014 to September 2017 Project Lead Royal Netherlands Air Force - Woensdrecht August 2013 to May 2014 • Analyzed, documented and successfully presented customer requirements  • Designed extension of the Ministry Of Defense (MOD) network  • Lead an implementation team during the execution phase of the project  • Successfully managed MOD network cost, schedule and risk through implementation   • Managed Supply Chain, stakeholders and facilities to ensure project success  • Established Business Rhythm to collect, monitor and report project progress to leadership Software Engineer Frankort Engineering B.V. - Heerlen August 2007 to August 2009 • Designed and implemented (in C) and debugged communication protocols on top of I2C, CAN and Ethernet for updating firmware in custom hardware  • Designed and implemented (in C) mechanism for asynchronous message handling on top of RTOS for 32-bit ARM controller   • Configured Real Time Operating Systems to meet requirements  • Designed, implemented (in C++ / C#) and tested Windows application for updating firmware in and the automated (scripted) testing of custom hardware over Ethernet Education MicroMasters in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Columbia University (through EDX) - New York, NY February 2019 to May 2019 Master's in Computer Science Radboud University - Nijmegen, The Netherlands August 2009 to August 2012 Bachelor's in Computer Science Zuyd Hogeschool - Heerlen, The Netherlands August 2005 to August 2009 Publications Statman's Hierarchy Theorem https://lmcs.episciences.org/4089/pdf 2017-11 Call-by-name, Call-by-value and Abstract Machines (Master's Thesis) https://www.ru.nl/publish/pages/769526/cbn_cbv_and_ams_remyviehoff.pdf 2012-06
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\109.html#102:::Database Administrator (SQL);Jr. Database Administrator;Windows (7 years);Routers (2 years);Switches:::Database Administrator (SQL) <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> (SQL) Database Administrator (SQL) Middle River, MD IT Systems and Database Administrator with 5+ years of experience in investigating and diagnosing network problems, user support and System Administration Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Administrator (SQL) Baltimore Police Department - Baltimore, MD December 2015 to Present • Performed User Management (User logins and Permissions)  • Involved in Database Migration and doing regular bulk uploads  • Ensuring the SQL server has the latest patches  • Troubleshoot Performance problems and fine tuning databases  • Provided 24*7 production support for SQL server Databases and connection issues  • Created alerts to monitor deadlocks and respond to Queries causing blocks  • Monitored and made recommendations for performance improvement (Index Creation, Index modification, file group modification, scheduled jobs to re-index and update statistics)  • Implemented Always-ON Availability Group on SQL Server  • Designed a backup and Recovery plan that ensures the recommended RTO and RPO  • Administer and control organization data resources.   • Ensure high level of availability, Integrity and security of data, recover corrupted data and eliminate data redundancy  • Plan and implement capacity and resource expansion to ensure scalability of the databases.  • Develop automated database applications, where necessary, using the applicable database packages (SSIS).  • Monitor database performance – space utilization, hardware check etc Jr. Database Administrator Flemingo International - Nairobi, KE April 2012 to May 2015 • Monitored SQL Server health using Windows Performance Monitor  • Worked extensively with Query analyzer and Profiler to tune queries  • Rebuilding indexes at regular intervals for better performance  • Designed and implemented comprehensive backup plan and Disaster recovery strategies  • Installed SQL Server Patches and upgrades  • Worked with users on application rollouts and server migrations and maintenance  • Solving user problems raised by the support team  • Ensured Server Security (User Logins, Roles, and Antivirus Software checks)  • Performed basic ETL Processes using SSIS  • Assisted in Migration from SQL Server 2005 to SQL Server 2008 Education BS in Computer Science Maseno University 2008 Masters Public University est Skills Windows (7 years), Routers (2 years), Switches Certifications/Licenses CCNA Routing and Switching November 2016 to November 2019 MCSE(SQL Server 2012) Additional Information • Database Clustering, Database Upgrade and Migration  • Stored Procedures, Views   • SSIS to implement ETL  • Master Data Services, Data Quality Services  • Database Maintenance ( Database Integrity, maintaining indexes, defragmentation)  • Performance tuning (SQL Server profiler, Database Engine Tuning Advisor, Query optimization)  • Database Administration (Reporting, Backups and recovery processes)  • Microsoft OS (Servers 2008 & 2012, Win 7 & 8)  • Network Technologies: TCP/IP, UDP, STP, Ethernet, VLAN, Frame Relay, VPN  • Hardware (PCs, laptops and printers) troubleshooting, repair and maintenance.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1090.html#103:::DBA;DBA;Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle DBA;DBA;Oracle Dba;Sql Dba;Sql Server;MYSQL;Oracle Database;Rman;Sql Database;RAC;DB2:::DBA DBA DBA - Omnitracs Worcester, MA 7+ Years of experience as Oracle DBA (11g/10g) and oracle application DBA which includes Installation, Configuration, Performance Tuning, Backup/Recovery, Disaster Recovery, upgrading, Cloning, patching, Administration, 24X7 On-Call production support on different HP-UX, Sun Solaris, Linux, and Windows.  • Proficient with Database Cloning, Migration, Data Guard and Patching of Oracle Databases and Oracle Applications.  • Every good knowledge of version update and patching.  • Build RAC from scratch on Linux.  • Expertise in application cloning R12.1.x and R12.2.4, database refreshes patching using ADOP (Online Patching), adpatch and Opatch, apply CPU patches, handling configuration changes using Autoconfig.  • Good experience in administration of Oracle database, RAC databases 10g, 11g, 12c, Grid Infrastructure and ASM storage, Oracle Data Guard and Golden Gate for data replication.  • Experience as a Production support/Operations DBA with Multi-Terabyte large databases and as well  as Development/Engineering/Data Warehouse DBA.  • Flexibility in working with teams for production of database.  • Automation of redundant database and application monitoring jobs using shell scripts.  • Experience in using 10g and 11g features like Data pump, Flash-Back Recovery, ASM and Compression  • Upgrading the databases from 9i and 10g to 11gr2.  • Experienced in maintenance of security infrastructure, identification/authorization security and maintaining Database Security using auditing  • Provided 24x7 production support for Oracle 12c/11g/10g/9i databases on various platforms  • Oracle Database Administration / Application Design, Development Design and Administration. Extensive experience in custom development / data quality analysis, Legacy data processing, stored procedures, Triggers, indexing strategies.  • Good hands on experience in configuring and maintaining11g ORACLE ENTERPRISE MANAGER (OEM)  • Configured and implemented golden gate and adding new tables to streams  • Knowledge in Oracle Golden gate.  • Knowledge in working with clustered environments.  • Worked on SOA Suite upgrade from 11g to 12C  • Delivering SQL and Database performance tuning services via V$/GV$ views, Explain Plan, TKPROF, AWR (Statspack) reports, ADDM, SQL Tuning Advisor, SQL Access, Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM), Grid control, analyzing SQL trace dumps for 9i/10g/11g.  • Experience in Operational data store, data cleansing, backup and restoration strategies and SAN.  • Used PL/SQL (Stored procedures, triggers, packages (DBMS_*, UTL_*)), SQL* PLUS, SQL* LOADER and SQL tuning of Oracle database.  • Automation of redundant database and application monitoring jobs using shell scripts.  • Experience in GRID control implementation, and 12c Cloud control OEM.  • Extensive Experience in Oracle Architecture, I/O tuning, Memory Tuning, Performance Tuning, Backups, Recoveries, RMAN backups, Optimization, Crash/Disaster Recovery, Networking, Troubleshooting  • Expertise in Trouble shooting day to day production issues in 24*7 production  • Exceptional troubleshooting and analytical problem-solving skills.  • Excellent problem solving skills with strong technical background and interpersonal skills.  • Preparing Standard Operating Procedures documents for all databases under support  • Hands on in managing partitioned tables like creating the partitioned tables, addition of new partitions, compression, exchange partitioning and carrying out maintenance activities.  • Good Written and verbal Communication skills with a customer service oriented attitude.  • Proficient with 11g new features: Active Data guard, configuring Snapshot standby database.  • Automated Rebuilding indexes, Partition additions and space additions  • Exploring 12c New Features, 12c Multitenant Architecture, In-Memory, ASM, Data Guard  • Performance tuning, backup and recovery, space management, database security, Auditing.  • Cloning the Database from Prod to Dev using USER MANAGED and RMAN techniques.  • Migrate schemas using traditional exp/imp and Oracle Data pump utilities. Work Experience DBA Omnitracs - Dallas, TX April 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  • 24x7 Production support and maintenance of Oracle ERP applications  • Performing weekly EBS application clone to support Production  • Upgraded Oracle applications from 11.5.10.2 to 12.2.4 with Database 11g (11.2.0.4)  • Upgraded EBS database from 11.2.0.3 to 11.2.0.4 to support EBS 12.2.4 upgrade  • Installed and configured Vertex O Series 8.0 as part of Oracle DB 12c upgrade  • Installed Weblogic 12c for Vertex project  • Administration of Discoverer 11g application  • Applied EBS applications and functional patches using ADOP  • Applied quarterly CPU security patches for both database and applications  • Perform and monitor weekly and daily RMAN backups as needed  • To work with Technical and Function teams to support upgrades, new code migrations and new concurrent request setup.  • Daily DBA activities such as schemas creation, space management in database, tables export and import  • Constantly supporting Business with Production issues, implementing daily changes and performing Administration tasks  • Performing Applications admin tasks using ADADMIN utility  • Perform yearly Non-Prod EBS application cloning from Prod  • On demand database and application refresh  • Troubleshoot long running concurrent jobs  • Gathered database/Objects statistics using DBMS_UTILITY, DBMS_STATS, and FND_STATS packages  • To Work with Oracle support on Sev1 and Sev2 issues  • Worked on data conversion project SHAW CANADA  • To support third party applications- Qlivkiew and NGB  • Security User Management, Privileges, Roles, Auditing, Profiling, Authentication  • To coordinate with Business and Unix team to schedule OS maintenance  Environment: Oracle Applications EBS 11i/ R12.2, Oracle 11g/12c, OEM 12c, WebLogic Server10.x/11g/12c, TOAD, Solaris, Red Hat Enterprise Linux, RMAN, RAC, ASM, and Data Guard, Data Pump, OBIEE, Vertex and Discoverer, Qlivkview, NGB DBA Wells Fargo - San Francisco, CA March 2015 to April 2017 Responsibilities:  • 24x7 Production database and application support.  • Upgraded databases from 10g, 11gR2 and 12c.  • Installed, configured and maintained Oracle 10g and 11gR2.  • Involved in annual Disaster Recovery (DR/BCP) validation activities.  • Oracle application cloning / Refresh of 11i, R12.  • Oracle Application patching experience with various ad patch options.  • Followed and implemented the Database Security technical Implementation Guide (STIG), the Oracle Security Readiness Review (SRR) and Department of Defense (DOD) to target conditions that undermine the integrity of security, contributing to inefficient security operations and administration, or may lead to interruption of production operations specific to databases.  • Worked with Oracle Diagnostics tools such as Explain Plan, SQL Trace, TKPROF used to analyze timing and execution plans for SQL query to tune SQL statements.  • Addressing Query response time and other Performance Issues with respect to E-Business suite  • Created Data Guard standby databases, worked on patching primary/standby.  • Involved with installation and maintenance of Primary and Standby Database (Oracle Data Guard) for High Availability and Disaster Recovery Purpose.  • Changed priority of replicaset nodes to keep Primary on specific data nodes. Worked on BulkWrite operations in MongoDB  • Patch Application to Oracle E-Business suite, Databases as per schedule.  • Handling tickets raised by functional/technical/business users for applications including Oracle GTM, SOA, ODI, E-Business suite, Databases.  • MongoDB CRUD Operations and Setting up MongoDB Profiling to get slow queries  • Restoration and Recovery of databases at the times of occurrences of critical failures.  • Responsible for installing, upgrading ad configuring the Oracle environment by creating databases, storage structures and objects, database backup and recovery, monitoring and optimizing database performance.  • Cloning/Refreshed Oracle databases and Oracle Applications.  • Refresh Non-production databases from production to RMAN duplicate.  • Implemented Oracle database backup and recovery solutions using RMAN and manual methods.  • Upgraded FMW 11g to 12c, 12.2.1.1 to 12.2.1.2.  • Moving data between databases using Data Pump.  • Performed large batch jobs, and tuning of SQL queries and database systems.  • Created User accounts, Role and granting required access permissions and privileges to the database based on applications they are accessing  • Handling Alerts raised by alert monitoring system from Database and applications  • Install, configure and setup of 12c RAC on Linux.  • Add new nodes to RAC 12c Cluster to distribute the load.  • Install and implement 10g RAC with 4 nodes with ASM.  • Partitioned large tables for better performance and manageability  • Responsible in configuring and backing up database using RMAN, Hot backups, Cold backups, File system backups and Logical backups using data pumps  • Configured and implemented golden gate.  • Implemented downstream capture at the destination database using golden gate.  • Resolved streams synch issues.  • Perform other regular DA activities including space management and performance monitoring.  • Worked on SOA Suite upgrade from 11g to 12c  • Load and transform data using SQL*Loader ad External tables Logical and Physical Database design  • Worked on creating new users, responsibilities, concurrent requests and monitoring concurrent jobs.  • Worked with UNIX, Storage and Networking teams to implement infrastructure related changes.  • Worked with Oracle Support to resolve various issues reported  • Administer database user accounts. Create, modify and deactivate user accounts; assign and monitor user access rights. Manage database back-up and recovery plans; develop disaster recovery/continuity of operation plans; perform routine database backup and recovery operations as necessary.  • Clear documentation was prepared on all the processes like program specification, bugs fixing, logs and change requests for future references.  • Developed policies and procedures for system operations to better serve clients. Oracle Database Administrator Apple Federal Credit Union - Alexandria, VA January 2012 to February 2015 Responsibilities  • Responsible for overall strategic planning & redesign of databases: Requirements gathering and Analysis, Design, Test and Implementation through the phases of System Development Life Cycle  • Ensured daily RMAN backups are completed and valid for restore and recovery  • Configured the necessary parameters for Flashback database settings and Flash Recovery Area, then using RMAN to issue Flash Recovery Commands  • Performed daily database administration on production environments  • Managing databases and instances using Data Guard RAC in a real time production, testing, and Development environment  • Provided 24*7 support and reported to the Operations Manager and the VP of Operations  • Implementing Oracle ASM and resolving ASM related issues  • Provided performance tuning, maintaining, and troubleshoot database problems  • Configured and maintained data loads in huge Data warehousing systems using the Informatica Power Center ETL tool. Supported data warehousing and databases  • Leverage knowledge in installing and configuring Oracle Database 11g and 12c in testing environment.  • Upgraded Oracle database using DBUA or Data Pump Export/Import  • Implemented database Refresh (cloning) using full export for table level and full database  • Tuning the SGA components for better performance and optimization  • Use the powerful ETL too to extract and load information into the database.  • Implemented Migration Strategies based on cost, time, and platforms requirements  • Advanced troubleshooting using trace files, alert log, and external links (Metalink or Oracle Support)  • Decommission databases and services per request from change management team.  • Generated Reports and preparing memo to communicate progress and providing early alerts for major updates  • Analyzing performance issues and providing recommendation based on testing results using Oracle's tools like AWR, ASH, AWR & Data Recovery advisor.  • Performing database patching, upgrade and migration as necessary  • Proactively diagnosing and resolving problems affecting the database using ASH.  • Maintaining database configurations in compliance with release management and change management  • Responsible for monitoring (alert log, memory, disk I/O, CPU, database network connectivity)  • Implemented database Refresh (cloning) using full export for table level and full database defragmentation, resulting in improved performance and effective space management  • Monitoring database, application and UNIX servers using custom monitoring scripts. Oracle DBA Capital One - Chicago, IL May 2010 to December 2012 Responsibilities:  • Having Standby database configured for DR setup for OEM to failover.  • Dealing with Export / Import, data pump, backup & recovery and various Database issues.  • Migrating 10g/11g db to 12c using export/import, RMAN standby method depends on down time.  • Implemented backup and recovery procedures (cold/hot backups, RMAN incremental backups & import/export)  • Build many 12c databases in RAC and stand alone for many new applications.  • Created database links and materialized views.  • Daily hurdle for performance issue, SQL tuning, Memory Tuning  • Daily review of AWR/ADDM for expensive SQLs  • Adding Partition and reorg the big tables to make a partition tables.  • Designing and planning the database and configuration, roles, privileges.  • Capacity planning for database growth and taking preemptive measure.  • Daily hurdle for performance issue, SQL tuning, Memory Tuning  • Daily review of AWR/ADDM for expensive SQLs  • Adding Partition and reorg the big tables to make a partition tables.  Environment: Golden Gate, Windows, Sun Solaris, Oracle 12c, 11g, 10g, Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM 10g, 11g, 12c, 13c), RMAN, Import/Export, ASM, AWR, STATSPACK, Unix Scripting, SQL*Plus, PL/SQL, Oracle Linux. Education Bachelor's Skills DBA, Oracle Dba, Sql Dba, Sql Server, MYSQL, Oracle Database, Rman, Sql Database, RAC, DB2
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1091.html#104:::Customer Quality Specialist;Customer Care Supervisor;Executive Assistant/ Database Administrator;Icd 10 (4 years);Quality Improvement (9 years);Quality Assurance;Client Liaison (9 years);Microsoft Office (9 years);Customer Service (9 years);Revenue Recognition (9 years);Collections (8 years);Policy Analysis (9 years);Standard Operating Procedures (9 years);Call Center Operations (6 years);Healthcare (5 years);Auditing (9 years);Medical Terminology (4 years);Accounting (9 years);Project Management (9 years);Social Media Management (3 years);Business Management (3 years);Subject Matter Expert (4 years);Time Management (9 years);HCPCS (4 years);Data Storage Technologies (9 years);Communications (9 years);Digital Literacy (9 years);Employee Training (9 years);training;Scheduling;Team Building;Microsoft Word;Word;retail sales:::Customer Quality Specialist Customer Quality Specialist Customer Quality Specialist - Apria Healthcare Gilbert, AZ Resourceful leader driven to cut business costs and boost revenue through innovative management techniques. Organized and diligent, with excellent written, oral and interpersonal communication skills. Successful in motivating dynamic teams. Work Experience Customer Quality Specialist Apria Healthcare - Chandler, AZ November 2014 to Present • Establish, maintain and educate patients, physicians, nurses and hospital personnel on a national scale about the requirements for the different insurances including Medicare and Medicaid for specific durable medical equipment.  • I have participated in many corporate projects to increase quality assurance, revenue, and productivity.  • As subject matter expert I increased procedure efficiency and developed training programs to implement it.  • Increased revenue by working with customers to get the needed qualifying documentation so their insurance will start billing again bringing their account up to date. Customer Care Supervisor Xerox Business Services, LLC - Tempe, AZ January 2014 to October 2014 • Supervised a team of 20 customer service representatives.  • Instituted best practices to meet the companies service level agreements such as quality assurance and other client-specific requirements bringing the overall QA scores of the representatives up to 98%.  • Updated all the standard operating procedures and discarded what was not needed anymore. This increased customer service representative efficiency by 50%.  • Prepared daily, weekly and monthly activity reports to track individual and group performance in resolution, time management, adherence to policies and procedures, quality assurance, employee development, employee discipline as well as ensured the consistent achievement of customer services levels and standards.  • Recruited and trained customer service representatives. Executive Assistant/ Database Administrator ATG Learning Academy - Warminster, PA September 2010 to September 2013 • Represented the school at public events, fundraisers, open houses, and presentations.  • Ensured budget requirements were met and identified ways to reduce costs.  • Audited accounts receivable and collected $110,000 overdue accounts.  • Proficient in Microsoft Office, Excel, Publisher, PowerPoint, Outlook, and Access; QuickBooks, Blackbaud Database, WordPress Content Management System, One Call Now Notification System and the Internet.  • Researched and executed project work plans for contracts, purchases, insurance claims, legal issues, policies, and procedures.  • Configured and maintained new database system for an entire school.  • Educated all school personnel and student families on the new database system. Education Graduation 2020 in Business Communications Arizona State University-Polytechnic - Mesa, AZ August 2016 to Present Associates Degree in Business Administration in Accounting Bucks County Community College - Newtown, PA December 2019 Skills Icd 10 (4 years), Quality Improvement (9 years), Quality Assurance, Client Liaison (9 years), Microsoft Office (9 years), Customer Service (9 years), Revenue Recognition (9 years), Collections (8 years), Policy Analysis (9 years), Standard Operating Procedures (9 years), Call Center Operations (6 years), Healthcare (5 years), Auditing (9 years), Medical Terminology (4 years), Accounting (9 years), Project Management (9 years), Social Media Management (3 years), Business Management (3 years), Subject Matter Expert (4 years), Time Management (9 years), HCPCS (4 years), Data Storage Technologies (9 years), Communications (9 years), Digital Literacy (9 years), Employee Training (9 years), training, Scheduling, Team Building, Microsoft Word, Word, retail sales Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/elizabeth-trahey-879b22132
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1092.html#105:::Oracle Database Administrator/Snr System Analyst;Oracle Database Administrator II;Oracle Database Administrator I;Ms access;Sql server;Oracle;Pl/sql;Sql;Rman;Linux;Shell scripting;Solaris;Sun;Unix;Unix shell;Ux;Hp-ux;Cisco;Router;Vm;Nosql;Scripting;Erwin:::Oracle Database Administrator/Snr System Analyst Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span>/Snr System Analyst Oracle Database Administrator/Snr System Analyst - Ellucian Houston, TX * 7 years of Professional experience in a variety of hardware platforms including; MS-Windows 2000, 2003, NT Server, MS SQL Server, UNIX/Linux, Sun Solaris, HP-UX & AIX.  * Experience in maintaining database including database security, Capacity monitoring and performance tuning using Statspack, Explain plan, Analyze, ADDM, AWR Report and so on.  * Experience in Real Application Cluster RAC including setting up 10g, 11g, 12c RAC.  * Good experience in regular Security patching on oracle products and interim patching for various bug fixes on database products.  * Expertise in creating and configuring databases using DBCA and working experience in writing SQL for creating views, functions, stored procedures, creation of databases.  * Extensive experience implementing backup and recovery strategy for disaster recovery using Hot/Cold Backups and using the Oracle backup utility such as RMAN.  * Excellent knowledge of SQL*Plus, SQL*Net, SQL*Loader, Enterprise Manager & Performance Tuning Pack.  * Experience in installing, patching, maintaining and upgrading all Oracle software (11g t0 12c).  * Extensive working experience on database Cloning, Refresh, and patch management.  Documentation of the work assigned in the environment and stored for the future use.  * Installation and configuration of perceptive content client software. Upgrade of perceptive content client application.  * Experience in Implementing High Availability solution e.g Oracle Data Guard, Transparent Data Encryption and Oracle Golden Gate Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator/Snr System Analyst Ellucian August 2018 to Present • Daily Monitoring of non-production and production environments for all oracle databases in Banner environment.    • Implementing backup and recovery strategies for all database environments using RMAN and Oracle data pump utility.    • Implementation and integration of Banner XE application on solaris 11 server.    • Database upgrade to oracle 12c for production and non-production database environment    • Assess and develop long-term strategic goals for production databases in conjunction with data owners and department managers.    • Code Migration from non-production to production environment    • Implemented database backup and clone scripts to improve operational tasks for production/non-prod environments    • Cloning oracle database environment and banner environment using RMAN for testing and performance tuning.    • Java Installation on solaris operating system    • Storage management and creating uniform storage system for backups and datafiles on Operating system    • Installation of Automic Application Manager in test and production environments.    • Diagnose, troubleshoot/resolve software and database issues.    • Review and creating scope of work and standard operating procedures.    • Implementing disaster recovery plans and High availability systems by implementing oracle Dataguard and Data redaction.    • Mentoring users and creating standard operating Procedures.    • Support and troubleshoot Database and connectivity issues Oracle Database Administrator II San Jacinto Community College November 2015 to August 2018 Installing, patching, maintaining and upgrading all Oracle software using DBCA; Performance tuning of all Oracle Instance components and assisting the application developers in testing and implementation stages of the application tuning  ? Banner security administration, baseline Upgrades and installation of TCC patches.  ? Installation and Configuration of Oracle enterprise manager 13c to support all production and non-production environment  ? Oracle database Upgrade 11g to 12c for non - production and production environments using dbua and manual database upgrade method  ? Actively involved in the configuration of implementation of ELLUCIAN GO mobile application.  ? Installation and configuration of Perceptive content Server Application.  ? Installation of Oracle critical patches and Updates using O-patch utility.  ? Deploying web application for banner integrated application using Oracle weblogic Server  ? Performing constant and occasional database backup and recovery using RMAN, Data pump Import and Export utility, multiplexing the Control file etc. Using RMAN to clone database  ? Modifying database structures as required by developers due to business or application requirements, cloning development databases for testing and training.  ? Design and implement redundant systems, policies, and procedures for disaster recovery and data archiving. Monitor, optimize and allocate physical data storage for database systems  ? Sending daily operational report to the top management regarding the whole operation of the day, including any hitches and unusual situations.  ? Administering and maintaining databases including daily monitoring and performance analysis using Stats pack, ADDM, AWR Report etc. Gathering and analyzing AWR report for troubleshooting purposes.  ? Working with other IT professionals for database designs and reviews; troubleshooting database issues, and deploying timely fixes; maintaining regular and proactive database patches, updates and performance enhancement.  ? Configuring the Oracle Network environment including Oracle Net Services and Listeners, configuring and managing oracle network.  ? Developing SQL scripts to carry out routine checks on databases. This include checking if the Listener is running, optimal running of all databases, UNIX error messages, disk space availability. Oracle Database Administrator I Mastec Advanced Technologies September 2012 to October 2015 • Reviewed and integrated application requirements, including functional, security, integration, performance, quality, and operations requirements.  • Set up and manage database security by creating new users, roles, profiles, and provide required user privileges in development, test, training and production environments.  • Manual configuration of Oracle Database using commands  • Worked on single-instance databases running on Linux operating system.  • Implementation, installation, configuration and upgrade on Red Hat Linux advance Server on Development  • Performed Health Checks for database auditing purposes to involve running scripts to gauge security exposures and subsequently implement resolution to violations.  • Performed upgrades to databases while coordinating with Application DBAs.  • Enhancing SQL statements performance using Explain Plan and Oracle optimizer hints  • Provided production support for single-instance, multiple systems utilizing  • Experienced in installation and configuration of Oracle Real Application Cluster(RAC)  • Ability to manage high availability solution centers using Oracle Real Application Clusters (RAC) with several nodes.  • Experienced in Cloning of production databases to test environment for testing purposes.  • Set up and manage database security by creating new users, roles, profiles, and provide required user privileges  • Controlling and monitoring user access to the database.  Experienced and participated in shift rotation and on-call 24/7 Education Bachelor of Science in Civil and Environmental Engineering University of Lagos - Lagos, NG Skills Ms access, Sql server, Oracle, Pl/sql, Sql, Rman, Linux, Shell scripting, Solaris, Sun, Unix, Unix shell, Ux, Hp-ux, Cisco, Router, Vm, Nosql, Scripting, Erwin Additional Information Relevant Technical Skills    ? Operating Systems: HP-UX 10.x, 11.x, Sun Solaris 5.8, 5.9, 5.10, Linux (Redhat Linux) and Windows NT/2000/2003/XP.  ? Databases: Oracle 12c/11g/10g/9i/8i, SQL Server, MS Access, My SQL, NoSQL  ? Languages: SQL, PL/SQL, UNIX SHELL SCRIPTING  ? Tools: DBCA, DBUA, WinSCP, Oracle Data Guard, RAC, RMAN, ASM, VCS, SQL*PLUS, SQL*LOADER, SQL Developer EXP, IMP, Data Pump (expdp, impdp), TOAD, Erwin, TOAD, Data Modeler, SQL TRACE, EXPLAIN PLAN, TKPROF, STATSPACK, AWR, and ADDM, OEM / Grid Control, Oracle VM Virtual Box, DB Artisan, VM Ware Server 2.0 to 2.2  ? Hardware: Cisco router, Cisco Switch, Servers, EMC storage
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1093.html#106:::Database Manager;Database Manager;Membership Associate;Database Administrator:::Database Manager <span class="hl">Database</span> Manager Database Manager Miramar, FL oriented, self-confident individual with exceptional success establishing genuine rapport with my clients and co-workers. Highly motivated, disciplined and result driven. I am known for being a fast learner and a great resource within my peers. Work Experience Database Manager PNP Staffing Group - Manhattan, NY July 2018 to January 2019 GLSEN  • Maintain impeccable donor records in Raiser's Edge by entering gift data, actions, and copies of correspondence  • Keep donor records up to date by cleaning data, de-duping accounts, and updating assignments and attributes  • Generate regular revenue and donor reports in addition to as needed custom reports  • Produce timely, personalized acknowledgement letters for all gifts Database Manager National Urban League January 2018 to June 2018 • Support direct mail efforts by importing appeals, exporting mail lists, tracking results, coordinating vendor relationships, and proofing all copies.  Jan 2018 - June 2018 National Urban League  • Responsible for the collection of data managed by Partnership and Advancement to various platforms, reports, dashboards, etc.  • Collaborates with internal teams to ensure reporting requirements are met. Assists in process reporting goals.  • Managed grant proposal prospect, reporting and assisted in renewal pipeline. Membership Associate Pérez Art Museum Miami - Miami, FL November 2013 to May 2016 • Manage Membership card processing including reviewing, editing all current membership records, preparing multiple excel files for membership cards to be printed.  • Work with Development to process all major gifts thru Altru. Hard and soft crediting all donors.  • Trained other departments on how to use current Database.  • Made dept. more efficient using online tools allowing for membership renewals, new membership using e-blast with MailChimp, requiring HTML knowledge.  • Assist all departments in questions regarding Altru queries, revenue, membership, and event registrations.  • Complete public name recognition list for the donors donating at a Friend level and above annually.  • Maintenance of Altru database including pulling list, creating reports, helping with cleanup projects and any other duties as they arise. Database Administrator Best Buddies International - Miami, FL September 2007 to July 2013 • Supervise and delegate importing/exporting thru our two databases currently used with the organization. (Blackbaud Sphere recently Kintera, Blackbauds Raisers Edge)  • Create online registration forms for participant and donor event soliciting, worked with systems CMS to house files, pdfs, and images.  • Created ad-hoc queries to pull information directly needed for an event or for a mailing using query methods for database.  • Facilitate in making the databases consistent, clean, up to date, and correlate with each other.  • Worked with staff on creating e-Mail blast using HTML (over the phone assistance) across the nation to all our donors and affiliates.  • Worked with management on all major tasks relating to database issues/projects.  • Made sure all information being imported into our database was according to Best Buddies Guidelines. Education A.A. in Networking Services Technology Dade College - Miami, FL May 2004 to July 2007 Coral Gables Senior High - Coral Gables, FL September 1995 to June 1999
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1094.html#107:::Warehouse Specialist;Database Administrator (DBA);Senior specialist, Department Database Management System;Senior Engineer, Department of Technician Support;Database Administrator MSSQL Server;Warehousing (1 year);Team Management;Russian;Database Administration:::Warehouse Specialist Warehouse Specialist Spruce Pine, NC Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Warehouse Specialist Baxter Healthcare - Marion, NC October 2017 to Present - Entry, update, change, edit data in Warehouse management system.  - Preparation of orders for load.  - Coordination and management of processes for workflow. Database Administrator (DBA) Faberlic - Moscow, Russia October 2015 to December 2016 - Introduce new ERP system WMS-1C Enterprise.  - Administration and technical support of ERP system Microsoft Dynamics AX  - Administration and maintenance heavily loaded ERP systems 24?7 on level MSSQL Server (bookkeeping & fiscal accounting, control warehouse, control enterprise).  - Administration Oracle DB (Create users, grant permissions, create table space.)  - Tuning of core and configure MSSQL server.  - Performance monitoring, identification of bottlenecks in hardware and at the level of MSSQL.  - Optimization performance of method detection heavy query and read execution plans, also used component Database Engine Tuning Advisor with purpose recommendation of developers.  - Create and tuning maintenance plans (rebuild, reorganize index, update statistics, backup database)  - Mirroring DB  - Replication tables  - Create scripts for maintenance DB (Rebuild index, Backup)   - Deploy enterprise DB in test environment on needed moment of time.  - Deploy analytic system Sql Server Reporting Services Senior specialist, Department Database Management System Probusinessbank - Moscow, Russia February 2014 to April 2015 - Administration and tuning MSSQL Server 2012, 2014  - Create users, grant permissions.  - Create replication, mirroring.  - Create and tuning maintenance plans (rebuild, reorganize index, update statistics, backup database).  - Optimization performance MSSQL (create index, statistics, of method detection heavy query and read  execution plans.) Senior Engineer, Department of Technician Support Electronic Moscow - Moscow, Russia April 2012 to January 2014 - Maintenance 24x7 business critical system  - Tuning of counter collect data for Performance Windows Server 2008 and Windows Server 2008R2  - Create windows failover clustering 2008R2 for MSSQL Server.  - Administration and support heavily loaded clusters MSSQL Server  - Install MSSQL Server 2005; 2008; 2008R2; 2012.   - Tuning and optimization performance MSSQL Server.   - Create maintenance plans.   - Backup, Restore DB   - Mirroring DB  - Import, export data from another system in analytical DB.   - Create linked server.   - Create replication.  - Create index used Database Engine Tuning Advisor. Fixed errors, troubleshooting.  - Deploy SSRS system.  - Support HPSM system. Database Administrator MSSQL Server Alfa-Bank - Moscow, Russia August 2008 to February 2012 - Create users, grant permissions.  - Backup, Restore DB in test environment.  - Monitoring heavy process and blocking.   - Create maintenance plans.  - Create new DB   - Mirroring, log shipping   - Import, export data, create linked server.   - Create additional data and log files in DB   - Install and tuning MS SQL Server 2000; 2005; 2008. 2008R2. Add components and instance.   - Fixed errors, troubleshooting. Education Oracle Database 12c: Administration Workshop RDtech - Moscow, Russia June 2016 to July 2016 SQL Server 2012: Performance Tuning – Design, internals and architecture Microsoft - Moscow, Russia October 2014 to October 2014 #2273 Managing and Maintaining a Microsoft Windows Server 2003 Environment Softline - Moscow, Russia February 2009 to February 2009 #2780(6450) Maintenance database Microsoft SQL Server 2005 Softline - Moscow, Russia October 2008 to October 2008 Associate in Culture and art Moscow Extern Humanitarian University - Moscow September 1995 to December 1999 Skills Warehousing (1 year), Team Management, Russian, Database Administration Additional Information With 8 years of hands-on experience in Microsoft SQL Server I can professionally do almost any aspect of SQL Server:  Administration DB MSSQL Server 2000; 2005; 2008; 2008R2; 2012; 2014; 2016.  Create and deploy of Failover Clustering including windows cluster with sequence installation of SQL Server on windows cluster.  Work skills with storage procedure, triggers, sql-script.   Deploy of analytical systems (reporting services; analysis services)  Administration OS Windows Server 2000; 2003; 2008; 2008R2; 2012; 2012R2  Administration Active Directory: work with domain groups, accounts. Add windows servers in domain.  Administration terminal CITRIX servers in Citrix Access Management Console.  Fixed errors, troubleshooting.  I can cover all aspects of SQL Server database administration - backup/restore plans, DR solutions, clustering, mirroring, index maintenance, database access, security matters and much more.  I love to have a challenge to find effective solutions, and support fast, reliable and effective SQL Server systems that work under high load and high user pressure.??
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1095.html#108:::Operations Manager;Assistant Manager;Captain;Valet;Database Administrator;Problem solving;Client relations;Employee relations;Strategic planning;Training;Goal oriented;Self motivated;Team player;Staff training;Quality assurance:::Operations Manager Operations Manager Saint Paul, MN Solutions oriented manager experienced in aspects of operations management, recruitment, client  management, employee relations and administration. Excellent management presence with outstanding  communication and leadership skills. Ethically strong with high level of personal integrity, loyalty and  commitment. Former NCAA College football player who understands the importance of teamwork,  dedication, and perseverance. Work Experience Operations Manager July 2017 to Present Corporate Parking Group - Minneapolis, MN June 2016 to Present Assistant Manager April 2017 to July 2017 Captain September 2016 to April 2017 Valet June 2016 to September 2016 Overall Duties  • Client Relations - first contact for all client on-site issues for both locations  • Scheduling for 143 Employees (80 Full Time, 63 Part Time)  • Overseeing daily operations at both locations  • Providing coaching and support to assistant managers, supervisors and staff  • Responsible for employee reviews to include performance, attendance tracking and incident audits  • Recruiting, interviewing and hiring of new valets and team members  • Problem solving and report generation of issues with parking or retrieving cars  Resume    • Coordinating staff and parking for special events  • Strategic planning to improve processes on a continuous basis and to work through weather related  and construction related issues  • Travel to assist company with PGA Nationwide contract for parking at PGA tournament events    Location 1 - Clinics and Surgery Center at the University of Minnesota  § 50 Full time employees  § 1 assistant manager  § 4 "Captains" in Supervisor rolls  § Parking and delivering an average of 1,000 cars a day    Location 2 - Main Hospital at the University of MN  § 30 Full time employees including 4 overnight valets  § 24/7 operation  § 2 assistant managers  § 2 "Captains" in supervisor rolls  § Parking and delivering an average of 400 cars a day Hamline University - Saint Paul, MN December 2015 to May 2016 Created and produced new series titled 'In Studio Sessions'. Series consisted of interviews and live  recording sessions for musicians.  • Assisted on other projects such as Creative Shorts, Athletics, location tours, student organizations, and journalism Dick's Sporting Goods - Saint Paul, MN May 2015 to August 2015 Retail - Summer Job Database Administrator Eberl Claims Service - Lakewood, CO May 2011 to July 2013 - PT & Summer Job  • Responsible for data integrity cleanup and database audits  • Entry of data to include adjuster profiles, deployment history, payroll records  • Document retention using SharePoint to upload employment documents to adjuster profiles  Resume    Technology Experience    Microsoft Office Fl Studio  SharePoint ProTools  Adobe Audition Adobe Audition  Adobe Illustrator Ableton Live  Adobe Photoshop Adobe Animation  Adobe After Effects Education Bachelor of Arts in Digital Media Arts in Digital Media Arts Hamline University - Saint Paul, MN 2013 to 2016 Skills Problem solving, Client relations, Employee relations, Strategic planning, Training, Goal oriented, Self motivated, Team player, Staff training, Quality assurance Additional Information Skills    • Leadership • Self Motivated  • Communication • Staff Training/Development  • Client Relations • Policy Improvements  • Employee Relations • Quality Assurance  • Strategic Planning • Team Player  • Problem Solving • Goal Oriented
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1096.html#109:::Database Administrator I;Graduate Assistant;IT Intern;Quality Document Controller;Microsoft sql server;Sql server;Oracle;Sql;Aix;Unix;Sap;T-sql;Rman;Rdbms;Data services;Oem:::Database Administrator I <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> I Database Administrator I - C Spire Work Experience Database Administrator I C Spire - Jackson, MS October 2016 to Present • Installed and maintained Oracle 11g/12c clustered RAC databases using UNIX(AIX)  ? created database homes, clones, and performed Oracle software installation  ? created standby databases using Data Guard, upgraded databases to 12c  ? performed RMAN backups and recovery using Data Domain    • Maintained MS SQL Server databases  ? T-SQL development, created jobs, managed users/logins  ? performed database migrations via PowerShell  ? scheduled backups using Rubrik    • Monitored database activity with OEM and Toad  • Administered security of CRM system, created/cloned users, maintained user privileges  • Performed data imports/exports using Data Pump and Fast Clone data transfers  • Created database shell scripts in UNIX(AIX)  • Provided 24x7 on-call production database support  • Migrated ETL Bodi jobs, Netezza to Vertica utilizing Dbeaver and SAP-Data Services Designer Graduate Assistant University of South Alabama - Mobile, AL August 2015 to July 2016 Graded programming projects, exams, and assignments in Visual Basic IT Intern County of Mobile - Mobile, AL January 2015 to August 2015 • Performed software testing and software installation  • Performed basic queries in Microsoft SQL Server Quality Document Controller Austal USA - Mobile, AL May 2013 to October 2014 • Scheduled manufacturing audits for the NAVY, entered results into an Excel/Access database  • Analyzed database in order to track audits, ensured compliance with survey process Education Master of Science in Computer Information Sciences University of South Alabama 2016 Bachelor of Science in International Business University of South Alabama 2009 Skills Microsoft sql server, Sql server, Oracle, Sql, Aix, Unix, Sap, T-sql, Rman, Rdbms, Data services, Oem Additional Information IT SKILLS    ? Oracle RDBMS 11g-12c, RAC, OEM, Toad  ? Datapump, Data Guard, UNIX(AIX), Fastclone, RMAN, Data Domain  ? Microsoft SQL Server, T-SQL, Powershell, Rubrik  ? SAP - Data Services Designer, Dbeaver
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1097.html#110:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;PC Tech;AIX (Less than 1 year);databases (5 years);HP-UX (Less than 1 year);Hummingbird (Less than 1 year);Linux (Less than 1 year);Microsoft Windows (Less than 1 year);OpenText (Less than 1 year);Oracle (5 years);RMAN (5 years);SunOS (Less than 1 year);UNIX (5 years);UX (Less than 1 year);Solaris (Less than 1 year);DBA;RAC;XML;SQL;Oracle Dba;Oracle Database;MYSQL;Sql Dba:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - General Motors Canton, GA • Over 8 years' experience as an Oracle Database Administrator in a 24x7 production business system setting • Bachelor's degree in Computer Engineering and Master's degree in Information Systems • Oracle Database 11g Administrator Certified Professional (11g OCP), Oracle Database 10g Administrator Certified Professional (10g OCP) • Successfully upgraded multiple Oracle databases from 10g to 11g, 11g to 12C • Worked in a 24/7 mission critical environment supporting of production database services to ensure the highest standards of availability, resilience, integrity, security and performance • Good working knowledge of Oracle RAC, ASM, Golden Gate, Data Guard (both physical and logical) • Experience with database backup, restore and recovery using RMAN • Good experience applying quarterly patches to Oracle databases • An impressive communication and creative problem solving skills Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator General Motors - Roswell, GA February 2014 to Present • Work as a part of a 25 person Operation DBA team providing production support for over 2000 Production oracle databases primarily in an Oracle 11g, 12c, RAC, Golden Gate and Data Guard environments.  • Co-ordinates and collaborate with internal organizations and internal business partners such as innovation DBAs, security compliance, UNIX system administrators, Database Engineers and Storage Engineers.  • Foster virtual team collaboration working with team members in three other Innovation Centers through out the United States, along with team members in Europe and Brazil.  • Monitor the health of 115 assigned databases • Shift lead in 24 x7 rotational on- call support • Performs oracle software software upgrades and quarterly PSU patches.  • Used Grid Control for system performance tuning and monitoring.  • One of GM's Security DBAs that ensures that sox databases are compliant and audit ready.  • Perform refreshes on oracle databases • One of the OEM Support DBAs that install, configure and manage Oracle Agent, Grid Control, and 13c Cloud Control • Perform Day to day administration of Oracle Databases • Assist the innovation team in building databases of various complexities ranging from standalone, RAC, ASM and Dataguard.  • Perform Disaster recovery using an Oracle Data Guard fail over solution and completed several planned switchovers.  • Configure and use RMAN backups for Hot and Cold backups • Perform Recovery of Oracle Databases • Trained new Oracle DBAS on day to day procedures Oracle Database Administrator IBM - Dubuque, IA February 2014 to April 2014 • Worked with a team of 12 DBAS supporting two Accounts: State of Georgia and State of California with over 500 Databases. These databases range in size from 2 gigs to 25 Terabytes.  • Performed regular maintenance to oracle 11g, 10g, 9i and 8i databases.  • Interfaced with account management to resolve critical situation issues.  • Performed oracle software, client and oracle grid infrastructure installation for a standalone server • Performed single server database installations with /without ASM.  • Applied Oracle patches to databases • Performed database upgrades from oracle 10g to oracle 11g • Managed 4 node Oracle 10g Real Application Clusters (RAC) databases with ASM Storage • Configured and use RMAN for hot and cold backups • Implemented home grown scripts scheduled via crontab for redundant database monitoring • Monitored backup operations, and schedules manual backups as needed • Created users, schemas and performed imports and exports of oracle schemas • Worked with system administrators and nfigure the system for optimal performance • Created and monitored data files, controlfiles, tablespaces and archivelogs • Monitored space usage, and adjust database as needed • Performed Security Health Checks including user privileges, user profile review, database parameter preview and security re-validation remediation • Used Grid control for system performance tuning and monitoring • Monitored Oracle trends for hardware usage and user load • Planned and coordinated data migrations between systems • Assisted senior DBA in maintaining documentation, lessons learned, best practices, and quality improvement documentation • Maintained strong relationships with all lines of business and business units, through customer focused service delivery.  • Contacted Oracle Support for assistance on problems which are beyond internal capabilities to resolve • Trained new hires and Junior DBAs on day to day procedures PC Tech State Personnel Administration - Atlanta, GA September 2010 to December 2010 • Provided computer systems support to over 100 end-users by troubleshooting and resolving hardware and software issues.  • Built and restored workstation images.  • Maintained accurate, up-to-date inventory records of all computer equipment, printers, and software licenses.  • Contributed a technology article published in the monthly online newsletter for state employees.  • Provided assistance in IT product evaluation and recommendations. Education Master of Science in Information Systems in Information Systems Kennesaw State University - Kennesaw, GA December 2009 Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Engineering University of Benin December 2005 Skills AIX (Less than 1 year), databases (5 years), HP-UX (Less than 1 year), Hummingbird (Less than 1 year), Linux (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Windows (Less than 1 year), OpenText (Less than 1 year), Oracle (5 years), RMAN (5 years), SunOS (Less than 1 year), UNIX (5 years), UX (Less than 1 year), Solaris (Less than 1 year), DBA, RAC, XML, SQL, Oracle Dba, Oracle Database, MYSQL, Sql Dba Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:  • Oracle Databases Administration: 8i, 9i, 10g and 11g  • 11g RAC and Grid Infrastructure with ASM  • Oracle RMAN, RAC and ASM, Data Guard, Golden Gate  • Oracle Enterprise Manager, Recovery Manager (RMAN), Data Pump Export/Import, Regular Export/Import etc.  • Multiple platforms: HP/UX, SunOS/Solaris, Linux, AIX and Windows Server.  • Client connectivity tools: OpenText, Putty, Hummingbird, WinSCP, Remote Desktop Connection etc.  • Microsoft Windows (7, Vista, XP, 2000, etc)
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1098.html#111:::Actimize Analyst;Actimize Analyst;Database Administrator;Database Administrator;Business Analyst;DATA MIGRATION;SQL SERVER;SQL SERVER 2000;SQL;LINUX;AMAZON WEB SERVICES;HTML;XML;BCP;R2;WEB SERVICES;T-SQL;RDBMS;JAVA;IMPORT/EXPORT;LOADER:::Actimize Analyst Actimize Analyst Fairfax, VA ? Over 9 years of experience as IT professional across banking, retail and telecom sector as Actimize Analyst, SQL DBA, Business and Data analysis.  ? 3+ yrs. of experience as Actimize developer.  ? Good working knowledge in configuring, integrating & implementing Actimize AML SAM and Credit Fraud (IFM) solutions.  ? Involved in deploying, monitoring and supporting the Analytics Intelligence Services (AIS).  ? Professional Summary  Worked closely with AML business units to understand the business requirements on AML and prioritized development efforts.  ? Conducted data mapping between source to Actimize staging layer (UDM).  ? Configured the below OOTB features of SAM & ECM modules.  ? Build & Configure new models/scenarios/ Configure Rules using AIS modeler.  ? Involved in data provisioning and analysis to Actimize SAM and identifying data gaps.  ? Experience with RCM and UDM database.  ? Experience with Linux platform and SQL development.  ? Configuration of roles and entitlements, workflows, alert types, alert views and alert displays.  ? Setting up RFI, email notifications and TIM features and Work item/Alerts consolidation.  ? Configure Cases - predefined notes, case type, workflows, case views.  ? Setting up DART & Operational dashboard for bank operations community.  ? Setting up platform lists feature in RCM.  ? Setting up policy manager with rule configuration and action.  ? Performed unit testing and conducted peer review of the code.  ? Participated in team meetings with project team on a frequent basis to provide the development status and continuously validated the requirements to ensure development is in alignment with business requirements.  ? Worked closely with PM in facilitating and coordinating with other counter-parties to resolve blockers that prevented development progress.  ? Created new automation batch jobs to trigger Actimize jobs.  ? Worked with internal teams and client resources to be able to assist in release migrations.  ? Performed regular administration activities from managing system resources, users and database to the fine-tuning level and implemented the project successfully.  ? Install and configure SQL application and database server 2000, 2005, 2008, 2012, 2014 and 2016 for development and production environment for multiple customer.  ? Worked on database maintenance, backups and recovery plans.  ? Administrator SQL server by creating user Logins with appropriate roles, granting and denying login privileges, monitor the user accounts, creation of groups, granting database and application roles to users and groups.  ? Monitor SQL error logs/schedule tasks/data activity/eliminate blocking and deadlocks/user counts and connections/locks.  ? Involved in the design, configuration and exception of daily database backups monitored and logged backup jobs, and data restoration when required. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Actimize Analyst November 2017 to Present Project Description: Implementation of Credit Fraud and integrating with 9+ source systems across geographical locations in identifying and configuring fraud rules scenarios in fraud module to safeguard customer from credit card-based fraud attacks, ensuring accuracy of card fraud detection and prevention across multiple products, channels and geography.    Responsibilities:  ? Participated in requirements gathering sessions to understand the customer challenges and detail requirements.  ? Participated in team meeting with project team on a frequent basis to provide the development status and continuously validated the requirements to ensure development is in alignment with business requirements.  ? Seeked helped from PM in facilitating and coordinating with other counter-parties to resolve blockers that prevented development progress.  ? Conducted data analysis to validate business rules and scenarios provided by the business.  ? Experience in monitoring and supporting the Actimize components like Actimize Intelligence Server (AIS) and Risk Case Manager (RCM).  ? Experience using Actimize AIS Visual Modeler to build new models/scenarios/ Configure Rules.  ? Configure Roles, Groups & Entitlements for user onboarding.  ? Configure Business Unit Hierarchies for an organization.  ? Configure work item/Alerts - workflows, alert type, workflows, alert views, alert displays and predefined notes.  ? Setting up RFI features and Work item/Alerts consolidation.  ? Configure Cases - predefined notes, case type, workflows, case views.  ? Setting up DART & On demand Reports and customized display.  ? Setting up platform lists in RCM.  ? Setting up policy manager - detection PM & Alerting PM for business detection rules and routing.  ? Build Operational/Channel system API integration with Actimize leveraging OOTB channel interfaces.  ? Performed unit testing and conducted peer review of the code.  ? Worked with internal teams and clients to be able to assist in release migrations.    Environment: Actimize IFM, Actimize Fraud, AIS Modeler, SQL database, Microsoft management studio, Putty. Actimize Analyst Actimize SAM July 2016 to November 2017 Project Description: Implementation of Actimize SAM and integrating with 16+ source systems across banks to monitor, detect and identify suspicious activities from bank transactions by configuring rules, what-if scenarios and above & below the line of thresholds within the Actimize SAM module.    Also streamline the end to end investigation process across AML operations to enable operational efficiency and reducing the compliance cost.    Responsibilities:  ? Involved in deploying, monitoring and supporting the Analytics Intelligence Services (AIS).  ? Worked closely with AML business units to understand the business requirements on AML and prioritized development efforts.  ? Conducted data mapping between source to Actimize staging layer (UDM).  ? Configured the below OOTB features of SAM & ECM modules.  ? Build & Configure new models/scenarios/ Configure Rules using AIS modeler.  ? Involved in data provisioning and analysis to Actimize SAM and identifying data gaps  ? Experience with RCM and UDM database.  ? Experience with Linux platform and SQL development.  ? Configuration of roles and entitlements, workflows, alert types, alert views and alert displays.  ? Setting up RFI, email notification and TIM features and Work item/Alerts consolidation.  ? Configure Cases - predefined notes, case type, workflows, case views.  ? Setting up DART & Operational dashboard for bank operations community.  ? Setting up platform lists feature in RCM.  ? Setting up policy manager with rule configuration and action.  ? Performed unit testing and conducted peer review of the code.  ? Participated in team meeting with project team on a frequent basis to provide the development status and continuously validated the requirements to ensure development is in alignment with business requirements.  ? Worked closely with PM in facilitating and coordinating with other counter-parties to resolve blockers that prevented development progress.  ? Created new automation batch jobs to trigger Actimize jobs.  ? Worked with internal teams and client resources to be able to assist in release migrations.    Environment: Actimize AIS, Actimize SAM, AIS Modeler, SQL database, Microsoft Management studio, Putty.exe Database Administrator Canon - Hyderabad, Telangana March 2014 to July 2016 Project Description: Canon is a retail company, as an operational MS SQL Server DBA at Canon working in a 24X7 support structure dealing with few clustered environments, high availability methodologies and Production DBA tasks such as trouble shooting connectivity issues, performance issues, with lots of spontaneous user issues and even more.    Responsibilities:  ? Providing 24*7, support for Production Environment.  ? Installation, Maintenance and Monitoring the Database software products and provided technical advice to the Application Team.  ? Implemented and Recommended High availability configurations.  ? Performed Database Backup strategy and overall other strategies as per Client requirements.  ? Managing the users including creation/alteration, granting DB roles and permissions on various Database objects.  ? Setup Database Maintenance Plans to reorganize indexes, re-indexing and update the index statistics on the production databases.  ? Monitoring of database size and disk space in Production environments.  ? Configured Transactional Replication, Log Shipping with SQL Server Management Studio as well as basic account management, troubleshooting with connectivity, security and firewall issues.  ? Worked on DMVs, Mirroring, and database snapshots.  ? Performed Production support and on Call duties and Executed change management scripts on weekly basis.    Environment: SQL Server 2008R2, Windows Server 2008, SQL Server 2012/2014/2016 Database Administrator Telstra, Victoria - AU February 2011 to February 2014 Project Description: Telstra is Australia's leading telecommunications and technology company, offering a full range of communications services and competing in all telecommunications markets in Australia we provide 18.0 million retail mobile services, 3.7 million retail fixed bundles and standalone data services and 1.7 million retail fixed standalone voice services. As an operational MS sql server DBA at canon i Performed Database Backup strategy and overall other strategies as per Client Requirements Managing the users including creation/alteration, granting DB roles and permissions on various Database Objects Setup Database Maintenance Plans to reorganize indexes, re-indexing and update the index statistics on the production databases Monitoring of database size and disk space in Production environments.    Responsibilities:  ? Day-to-day administration of live SQL Servers.  ? Managing SQL Server logins and users.  ? Managing database objects like tables, views, indexes etc.  ? Monitoring the Server for High Availability of the Servers.  ? Performed all aspect of database administration including backup recovery, Replication.  ? Implemented routine database maintenance activities, scheduled job for these activities.  ? Solving the requests raised by user support.  ? Used BCP utility to publish table output to text files.  ? Tuning slow running queries and procedures.  ? Troubleshoot performance problems and fine-tuning of databases.  ? Participate in Implementation of new releases into production.  ? Meet the SLA (Service Level Agreement) established.    Environment: SQL Server 2008R2, Windows Server 2008, SQL Server 2012 Business Analyst Telstra, Victoria - AU December 2009 to January 2011 Project Description: Telstra is Australia's leading telecommunications and technology company, offering a full range of communications services and competing in all telecommunications markets in Australia. As BA I Conducted GAP analysis to regulate the gaps &define and document business processes.    Responsibilities:  ? Created functional and non-functional requirement documents and technical specification documents and delivered within project timelines by conducting user interviews.  ? Created functional and non-functional requirement documents and technical specification documents and delivered within project timelines by conducting user interviews.  ? Conducted GAP analysis to regulate the gaps &define and document business processes.  ? Active member of Release management group in which my primary objective is to scope the requirements into various releases and baseline the requirements.  ? Met with client groups to determine User Requirements and Goals, thus converting User Requirements and Business Requirements into FRS.  ? Worked with UML to create activity diagrams and use case diagrams for better understanding of the user requirements.  ? Developed Mockup screens as per the functional requirement to turn ideas in to project code quickly.  ? Prepared & reviewed test cases based on specifications and use cases.  ? Performed Regression Testing & involved in execution of test cases as per the schedule.  ? Facilitated UAT (User Acceptance Testing) for all the converted internal systems with business users, management group and team members.    Environment: E Draw, Pencil, UML, MS Access, MS Word and MS PowerPoint. Education Bachelor's Skills DATA MIGRATION, SQL SERVER, SQL SERVER 2000, SQL, LINUX, AMAZON WEB SERVICES, HTML, XML, BCP, R2, WEB SERVICES, T-SQL, RDBMS, JAVA, IMPORT/EXPORT, LOADER
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1099.html#112:::Medical Lab Technician;Junior SQL Database Administrator;Technical Specialist;Sql server;Sql;Ios;Medisoft;Solarwinds:::Medical Lab Technician Medical Lab Technician Medical Lab Technician - Psychiatric Services of Carolina/Paradigm Work Experience Medical Lab Technician Psychiatric Services of Carolina/Paradigm April 2019 to Present Interact with patients that are seeking help with addictions or psychiatric needs -- specifically with patients on the Suboxone/Subutex program  ? Work with MD/NP/PA to determine whether a patient should continue being screened  ? Supervise patients when doing drug screen based on previous results  ? Run daily/monthly calibration and control tests on Indiko machine  ? Follow up with pill counts and discharging non-compliant patients  ? Getting patients weight and vitals  ? Ensure that patients are educated on the medications that they are taking and that their  chart is ready for the provider Junior SQL Database Administrator Remote Database Experts (RDX) May 2018 to November 2018 Database and Operating System troubleshooting and problem resolution  ? Excuted scripts using SQL and T-SQL  ? Ensure customer satisfaction by meeting requests submitted by phone/email  ? Maintain SLA for SQL database production support Technical Specialist Apple Inc March 2017 to March 2018 Reassured customers with diagnostics and potential solutions for their IOS device  ? Train customers on how to effectively use their devices  ? Worked with business owners to decide which devices would be best for their company Education Bachelor of Arts in Biology in Biology University of North Carolina at Charlotte - Charlotte, NC August 2018 Associates of Arts Johnston Community College May 2014 H.S. Diploma Johnston County Early College Academy May 2014 Skills Sql server, Sql, Ios, Medisoft, Solarwinds
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\11.html#113:::Database Administrator;DATABASE (3 years);ETL (3 years);EXTRACT, TRANSFORM, AND LOAD (3 years);MS SQL SERVER (3 years);SQL (3 years):::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator - Chesapeake Bay Program Office Columbia, MD Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Administrator Chesapeake Bay Program Office 2015 to Present Responsibilities    • Developing ETL tool to load large data for application development.    • Developing and implementing DBA maintenance plan.  • Developing scheduled task scripts.  • Migrating database from SQL 2008R2 to SQL 2014.  • Documenting MS SQL Server database design, implementation and configuration.  • Reviewing SSIS packages with large data sets.  • Deploying SSIS packages to production environment.  • Creating database design and development standards.  • Creating SSIS package which loads data from QAQC Excel files.  • Creating workflow diagram for business process.  • Creating multiple database Dictionary and Entity Relationship Diagram to Created multiple Database Dictionaries and Entity Relationship Diagrams using Navicat.  • Creating of MS SQL Server database devices, databases and database objects.  • Work with the customer, including product owners, subject matter experts and scientist, to provide them with data driven technical solutions.  • Preparing Data-tier application component package.  • Scripting database structure and users information for database migration.  • Monitoring jobs performance and impact.  • Scheduling and managing jobs on MS SQL Server.  • MS SQL Server performance monitoring and optimization.  • Administering NT Security for MS SQL Server.  • Managing database object permissions, user accounts and passwords.  • Configuring and auditing MS SQL Server security.  • Configuring MS SQL Server Clients.  • Daily monitoring of MS SQL Server activity, error logs, NT event logs, space usage and security.  • Setting up MS SQL Server and database configuration parameters.  • Setting up user rights integrated with Windows NT security and Active Directory.  • Updating existing appendixes.  • Implementing business rules in Database.  • Experience in both SCRUM and Kanban Agile methodologies.  • Participating in configuration management activities such as release planning and deployment management boards.  • Participating in system, load and stress testing web applications. System testing is conducted using Atlassian's Zephyr and Jira.  • Participating in database modeling as well as logical and physical designing sessions with Application and Database architects.  • Participating in the application development process and code reviews of database objects.  • Researched different methods to run stored procedures and tuned a variety of stored procedure with resulted in higher performance levels.  • Researching and comparing data reports.  • Writing stored procedures to provide customer support. This includes: writing stored procedure that runs daily to check numbers within a subset of tables and structures.  • Writing stored procedures with standard naming conventions.  • Conducting comparisons of table structures and stored procedures within development, test and production environment.    Summary -Currently working with scientific application to monitor the water quality of Chesapeake Bay Education Bachelor of Science in Applied Mathematics The George Washington University Skills DATABASE (3 years), ETL (3 years), EXTRACT, TRANSFORM, AND LOAD (3 years), MS SQL SERVER (3 years), SQL (3 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Database: SQL Server 2014/2012/2008/, MS Access 2003 & 2000  SQL Tools: Query Analyzer, Profiler, Database Mail, SQL Mail, SQL Agent  Programming: SQL, T-SQL, Store Procedures, Trigger  ETL Tools: SSIS/DTS, BCP  Reporting/Analysis Tool: SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services)  Data Modeling: SSDD (SQL Server Database Diagram), VISIO 2003/2007, Navicat  Operating System: Windows NT4.0, Windows Server 2008/2003/2000  Hardware/Storage: SAN, RAID
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\110.html#114:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;DATABASE (3 years);DATABASES (3 years);LINUX (3 years);LOADER (3 years);MAINTENANCE (3 years):::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - Icreon Hyattsville, MD I have over three years of hands-on experience in Oracle Database Administration Installation, Configuration, Patch Installation, Migration, Upgrades, Backup and Recovery, Cloning, Replication, Database Security, Memory Management, Data Modelling, Performance Monitoring and Tuning, RAC, Data Guard, Grid Control, Oracle Streams. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Icreon - New York, NY January 2016 to Present Responsibilities:  • Designed, developed and maintained UNIX shell scripts to collect and monitor database metrics and Statspack snapshots and reports.  • Utilized Grid Control to administer multi-node RAC database also managed redo and undo in the RAC environment. Load balancing of RAC instances.  • Monitoring space, wait events, locks and long operations running on the database  • Implemented RAC databases and ASM, Toad. Logical and physical data modeling using XXXrwin tool and Demonstrated experience translating logical models into physical models, Database design in a multi-terabyte Data Warehouse environment.  • Supporting day-to-day Database administration activities like creating databases, troubleshooting tablespace issue, mount point space issue, high CPU utilization, locking/blocking sessions.  • Perform Primary/Standby database switch over/fail over using Flashback option.  • Performance Tuning Experience - AWR, ADDM, ASH, SQL Tuning Advisors, STATSPACK, EXPLAIN PLAN, SQL Trace with TKPROF, Toad.  • Monitoring the session waits for the database performance and resolving the performance issues.  • Monitoring the database for growth and added space to the table spaces as per demand.  • Generating AWR/statspack reports on regular basis to identify the database performance at peak load.  • Tuning the SQL statement by analyzing the explain plan and ADDM reports  • Implemented scripts to monitor and get information on free space, alert log errors. Provided maintenance of user accounts, privileges, profiles and roles.  • Involved with OLTP relational databases system analysis, design, implementation and management.  • Upgrade/Migration of Databases from Oracle 9i to 10g, Cross platform migration from different platforms.  • Experienced in using 10g and 11g features Data pump, Flash-Back Recovery, AWR, ASM, ADDM, Grid Control Monitoring and Recycle Bin.  • Expert in SQL Loader, export/import and data pump to load data in to tables.  • Upgraded Oracle 10g/12C to the Oracle 11g R2 database version.  • Implement backup and recovery procedures using (RMAN) for Oracle databases and test regularly in conjunction with Operations.  • Implemented the Golden Gate Replication  • Oracle Database capacity planning, space management, storage allocation and different type of storage structure (SAN/NAS)  • Extensive experience Real application Clusters (RAC), ASM, RMAN, Data Guard and maintain Standby database.  • Data guard Broker configuration and Managing Physical Standby databases using Oracle Data guard Broker.  • GoldenGate replication implementation.  • GoldenGate Unidirectional and Bidirectional replication.  • Proficient knowledge in RMAN backup (Full, incremental and cumulative) and recovery, Incomplete recovery and disaster recovery.  • Experience on working with data guard physical/logical standby databases.  • Experience in implementation of enterprise databases on enterprise Storage Solutions using Storage area Networks (SAN) and Network attached storage (NAS).  • Documented the Standard Processes for peers to follow.  • Applying upgrade patch, maintenance and interim (opatch) patches on all the databases.  • Expert in Performance Tuning i.e. tuning applications, shared pool, I/O distribution, rollback segments, buffer cache, redo mechanisms.  • Expertise in performance-tuning, SQL tuning services with EXPLAINS PLAN, TKPROF, STATSPACK, SQL TRACE, AWR, ADDM to collect and maintain performance statistics and improve the database performance.  • Extensive knowledge of Oracle Architecture, SGA, PGA, Binary structure, Listener, TNS Names, SQL Net, V$ views, DBA views and Data Modeling, Logical and Physical databases design using tools like Erwin and Visio.  • Refreshing Dev and Test instances with data from Production on a regular basis.  • Developed PL/SQL packages, DML, DDL, Oracle tables, Stored Procedures, functions, cursors, triggers and UNIX shell scripts.  • Knowledge in Oracle Data warehouse DBA skills relating to administration and management of VLDB environments, Oracle OLTP.  • Used Data Pump for export and import. Wrote scripts for Backup of databases, maintenance of archive logs for databases. Streamlined backup procedures and implemented RMAN for backup and disaster recovery.  • Database Refreshing / Replication from production to testing using Exp/Imp.  • Created logical and physical design installed and upgraded databases.  • Experience in writing UNIX/SHELL scripts for providing the reports.  • Installed and configured Oracle 11g database on a test server using Oracle standard procedures and OFA, for performance testing and future 10g production implementation.    Environment: Oracle 10g/11g RAC/9i, VMS, Sun Solaris, Windows Server 2003, Red Hat Linux, TOAD, RMAN, SQL server, OEM. Oracle Database Administrator Cardinal Health Inc - Dublin, OH March 2014 to December 2015 Responsibilities:  • Successful in applying RDBMS patches, security patches for improving the security and functionality of the databases.  • Implemented proactive monitoring using Tuning Pack, Diagnostics Pack, and STATSPACK, SQL Trace & TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN.  • Database monitoring/maintenance, replication process and performance tuning are done using OEM (Oracle Enterprise Manager).  • Monitoring and maintaining 2/3 node RAC database on Red Hat Linux. Providing support to the development team and handling release schedules.  • Implemented ASM on RAC and stand-alone databases. Managing disks and disk groups with ASM.  • Installed and administered Real Application Cluster (10g, 11g, 12C RAC) environments; adding and removing nodes to the cluster and handled performance tuning using AWR.  • Utilized Grid Control, ASM and Flashback tools to administer multi-node RAC database; also managed redo and undo in the RAC environment.  • Applied patches (PSU and CPU patches) and worked closely with Oracle to make Application environment up to date.  • Involved in writing functional specifications, translating business requirements to technical specifications, created/maintained/modified data base design document with detailed description of logical entities and physical tables.  • Automated the processes like moving files, managing alert log, efficient backup by developing UNIX scripts.  • Plan and schedule RMAN backups (hot, cold and incremental backups)  • Setup 12c Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM)  • Implemented Transparent Data Encryption (TDE) for database security.  • Involved in the installation, configuration and extended support to Oracle 11g, 10g two Node RAC (Real Application Cluster) with ASM file system on AIX platform.  • Involved in converting a single instance database to Oracle 11g, 10g RAC databases.  • Evaluated Oracle 11gR2 Golden Gate for future purposes that is for reducing the complexity involved in Oracle Streams.  • Configured Oracle Streams on Oracle 11g, 10g databases for data replication and monitored them using Grid Control.  • Automated the Data Replication process using Materialized Views for reporting databases.  • Used Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) 11g Grid Control for monitoring multiple database and notification of database alerts, and configured EM agents on multiple database servers.  • Hands on experience in troubleshooting RAC environment, using srvctl, crs_stat and crs_profile.  • Responsible for setup and implementation of 2Node RAC on IBM-AIX in log and 11gR2 using Veritas clusterserver.  • Diagnosed Oracle bugs and coordinating with Oracle support to resolve them in timely manner.  • Performed various tasks like Administering RAC using SRVCTL, Adding nodes and instances, Administering Storage Components, Parameter Management, and Configuring High Availability Features for RAC.  • Efficiently performed installation, setup and creation of four node cluster RAC with Oracle 11.2.0.3 database using GRID infrastructure with ASM file systems on RHEL 5.5.  • Maintenance of Oracle 11gR2 Real Application Cluster (RAC) Database for High Availability, Scalability and Performance by determining the best Cluster architecture, choosing the best hardware configuration for Oracle RAC.  • Successful in installation/maintenance of Physical Standby database using Oracle Data Guard for Oracle 11.2.0.3 and Oracle 10.2.0.5 RAC databases.  • Implemented switchovers on primary and standby databases as a part of planned maintenance activities.  • Implementing Datapump, conventional export/import utility of Oracle 11g, 10g for re-organizing Databases/Schemas/Tables to improve the performance.  • Used import/export utilities for cloning/migration of small sized databases and Datapump import/export to move data between 9i and 10g/11g environments.  • Installed ASM environment and migrated databases from NON-ASM to ASM.  • Used TOAD for database management.  • Made optimal use of Oracle Support in resolving the SRs.  • 24 X 7 Production & Development database support and administration.    Environment: Oracle 11.1.0.7, 10.2.0.5, IBM AIX V6.1, RHEL 5.2, RAC, ASM, RMAN, AWR, ADDM, SQL Plus, SQL*Loader, OEM, TOAD 10.0. Education Bachelor's in Financial Accounting Osun state college of technology Skills DATABASE (3 years), DATABASES (3 years), LINUX (3 years), LOADER (3 years), MAINTENANCE (3 years) Additional Information Skills Summary    • Excellent experience in managing large-scale OLTP databases 5+TB size in HA and DR setup.  • Managed 11+ TB Oracle 10g & 11g databases in Data warehousing environment.  • Solid experience in oracle database migration, upgrades, applying patch sets, code reviews, database release and deployments and data center consolidation activities. Proficient with Database Cloning, Migration, and Patching of Oracle Databases.  • Upgrade/Migration of Databases from Oracle 9i to 10g, 10g to 11g and 11g to 12c.  • Expertise in Database Space Management, Memory Tuning and Application Tuning, Expertise in troubleshooting and performance tuning. Have experience in Oracle Golden Gate 10.x, 11.x installation, Configuration, up gradation and administration.  • Configured parameters for the unidirectional, Bi-directional replication.  • Implemented both unidirectional replication as well as bi-directional replicate using Golden Gate.  • Backup of Databases (Making Backup Schedules depending upon Business Strategy: Daily Backup, weekly Backup etc.) using RMAN and other backup techniques.  • Installed Oracle 11g with ASM and OCFS2 File systems.  • Extensive Experience with RMAN Backups, Hot Backups and Logical Backups.  • Knowledge in configuring ASM (Automatic Storage Management)  • Experience in doing upgrades including maintenance & monitoring implementation.  • Provide weekly metrics to team lead for documentation on the health of Oracle databases.  • Create user accounts, unlock accounts, grant roles and privileges to users.  • Administer and execute Change Requests(CR) for Oracle Database support  • Executed and implemented user helpdesk tickets of various issues via REMEDY database from creating user accounts, read-only accounts on a database & table down to assisting them with logging into the database. Experienced in using 10g features like 10g RMAN, Data pump Flash-Back Recovery and ASM.  • Extensive experience designing and implementing backup and recovery strategy for databases using Recovery Manager (RMAN), traditional Export/ Import, Export/Import Datapump as well as conventional Hot/Cold Backups.  • Implemented various backup strategies for Large / Medium sized databases using RMAN  • Worked extensively on Cloning /Duplicate of databases using RMAN.  • Experience with various database Backup and Recovery methods like PITR, TSPITR, Export/Import and Flashback Technologies.  • Expert in delivering Oracle Database performance-tuning services for customers with EXPLAIN PLAN, TKPROF, STATSPACK, SQL TRACE, ORADEBUG, 11g OEM Grid monitoring custom scripts troubleshooting oracle databases using SQL trace utilities.  • Experience with SQL coding including DDL, DML and fine tuning those sql's for better performance.  • Planned and implemented high availability solutions such as Real Application Cluster (RAC) in Oracle 11Gr2 Grid and 10g on ASM and OCSF2 file systems.  • Extensively implemented Datapump, conventional Export/Import (Oracle 11g, 10g) for migration and logical backup of database.  • Strong skills in applying security patches (Patch set, Critical Patch Updates (CPU) / Patch Set Updates (PSU), One-off Patch) using "runInstaller" and perl based utility "opatch".  • Highly experienced in implementing Oracle's Transportable Tablespace (TTS) feature using Datapump Export/Import (Oracle 11g, 10g) allowing users to quickly move a user Tablespace across Oracle databases.  • Expertise in implementing data refreshes (at database, schema & table level) using RMAN utility and Datapump, conventional Export/Import of Oracle 11g, 10g.  • Installed, configured and maintained Physical, Logical, Active standby databases supported by Data guard on Oracle 11g, 10g RAC servers for the purpose of disaster recovery procedures.  • Configured Manager, Replicate and Extract processes and implemented unidirectional, bidirectional replication using Oracle 11g Golden Gate on RHEL 5 platform.  • UNIX Systems Administration - Database and application integration efforts. Heavy UNIX shell scripting, CRON jobs.    Technical Skills    Tuning Tools: TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN, STATSPACK, AWR and ADDM    Tools and Utilities: RMAN, OEM, SQL*Loader, EXP, IMP, Data pump,, TOAD, Oracle SQL Developer.    RDBMS: Oracle 9i, 10g, 11g    Operating Systems: HP-UX 10.x, 11.x. Sun RHEL 2.1, 3.x, 4.x, 5.x. Linux Enterprise
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1100.html#115:::Lead Analyst/Product Owner;Database Administrator;Database Support Engineer - Internship;Jira;Scrum;Kanban:::Lead Analyst/Product Owner Lead Analyst/Product Owner Lead Analyst/Product Owner - Texas Instruments Dallas, TX Work Experience Lead Analyst/Product Owner Texas Instruments - Dallas, TX January 2019 to Present Automated Testing  - Lead team that converts over 500+ manual test cases to automated cases through the Selenium  Documentation  Framework  - Develop and design a standard process flow for automation testing to deploy to multiple teams Debugging & Troubleshooting  within organization  - Create, monitor, and refine product backlogs using Jira/Confluence and prioritize existing TECHNOLOGY SUMMARY  entries  - Conduct and document UAT with cross-functional business teams to ensure the code is in alignment with the vision of the business teams Programming: Java, Spring  - Interface and collaborate with clients, project managers, business analysts and additional team Framework, SQL, PL/SQL, Selenium  members on a daily basis  - Delegate responsibilities to summer interns and monitor their achievements through weekly Software: MS Office Suite (Word, meetings Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook), Oracle, Database Administrator Tableau, SAP, Spotfire, Confluence, Texas Instruments - Dallas, TX May 2017 to January 2019 Developed an onboarding process for new hires and contractors using Confluence, which Systems: Unix, Windows, Mac OS  reduced the amount of down time experienced from two months to two days  - Developed an Excel upload tool using Spring Framework and PL/SQL to reduce dependency on COMPETITIONS & AWARDS  manual inputs  - Conceptualized and executed the implementation of a GUI for international clients Texas Instruments Tech Mania  - Analyzed and developed PL/SQL code based off client requirements (Hackathon)  - Lead transfer of databases to support offshore team while simultaneously automating  password resets using NAPS Created a bidding tool using block  - Corrected and/or modified simple to complex issues on Oracle using PL/SQL chain technology  - Visualized and developed database performance tool by extracting native Oracle data and utilizing Spotfire Placed 3rd out of 20 teams    Deloitte SAP Co-Innovation Event Database Support Engineer - Internship Istation - Dallas, TX June 2016 to February 2017 Analyzed data sets and determined a  - Optimized education proposal process by 50% utilizing the tagging method, which in turn  forecast calculation that would  increased the proposal acceptance rate by 10%  improve forecast accuracy for  - Performed market basket analysis on over 50 million data sets  Walmart  - Provided technical support to over 30 clients/employees per day with software related  problems  Placed 4th out of 85 teams Education M.S. Information Technology in English University of Texas at Dallas - Dallas, TX August 2017 B.S. in Information Technology University of Texas at Dallas - Dallas, TX December 2016 Skills Jira, Scrum, Kanban
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1101.html#116:::Corporate Buying Data Assistant;Database Administrator Intern;Sales Intern;Host;Microsoft Office;SQL;VBA (3 years):::Corporate Buying Data Assistant Corporate Buying Data Assistant Corporate Buying Data Assistant - ALDI Geneva, IL Work Experience Corporate Buying Data Assistant ALDI - Batavia, IL July 2018 to Present • Compile weekly data from divisions into an overall company workbook with pricing trends and comparisons.  • Maintain a competitive price model for the dairy buyers. Run reports weekly to stay ahead of the competition,  • Complete ad-hoc requests for various buying departments. Database Administrator Intern United Cerebral Palsy Seguin of Greater Chicago - Cicero, IL August 2017 to December 2017 • Designed and implemented a new database in Microsoft Access for the Children's Foster Care Department.  • We met with employees to truly understanding their business processes. We then designed an Entity Relationship Diagram and created the related tables in Access.  • Surpassed expectations by presenting the client with a functional database that enabled them to go from a single individual entering data to a multi-user system that all qualified employees could utilize. Sales Intern SmartWitness - Schaumburg, IL June 2017 to August 2017 • Learned extensive information on security cameras for commercial vehicles, as well as the liabilities they can help eliminate.  • Contacted potential clients to educate them on the benefits of security camera installation. For interested clients I would then schedule a demonstration to target their individual needs. Host Lou Malnati's Pizzeria - Chicago, IL March 2016 to July 2016 • Hosted the busiest shifts on Friday and Saturday nights at State Street location.  • Dealt with frustrated customers during peak times and offered them exceptional and friendly service to ensure customer satisfaction. Education Bachelor of Science in Information & Decision Sciences in Information & Decision Sciences University of Illinois at Chicago - Chicago, IL December 2017 Skills Microsoft Office, SQL, VBA (3 years) Certifications/Licenses Driver's License
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1102.html#117:::Creator/Developer;Science Fiction Writer;Lead Technology Specialist;Manager Database Systems;Senior Database Administrator;Qualitative Research Methods (2 years);Semi-structured interviews (1 year);In-Situ Observations (Less than 1 year);Participant Observations (Less than 1 year);Heuristics (5 years);Focus Groups (2 years);Storyboarding (2 years);Research (5 years);Prototyping (2 years);Wireframing (Less than 1 year);System Administration (10+ years);Databases (10+ years);Enterprise Software (10+ years);Video Editing (4 years);Video Production (4 years);Audio Editing (4 years);3D Studio Max (2 years);Paint 3D (2 years);Management (3 years);Project Planning (5 years);Project Management (5 years);Project Development (5 years);Creative Writing (10+ years);Creative Direction (1 year);SQL;Linux;HTML;HCI;User Experience;User Research;UX;Usability:::Creator/Developer Creator/Developer UX Research and Design; User Experience Research; Human Factors Portland, OR As a hybrid thinker I combine methodology, analysis, creativity and compassion for assessing complex problems, and for researching, designing and evaluating solutions. My academic and technical backgrounds have fostered a curious, listening mindset with a knack for ideation and futuring backed by discovery, analysis and invention.    UX Case Studies  CutieBit Multiverse  - Performed comparative research of blockchain-based digible industry: digible products, users, user journeys, tokens.  - Surveyed our identified markets on appealability of our concept and features.  - Held focus groups on appealability of variations on caricatures and particle lab control center.  - Researched subatomic particle behaviours and characteristics for our particles. Developed fictionalized particles using the standard model.  - Develop User and Token Flow through game site    Coursera Discussion Forum User Needs Assessment.  Tasked to find violations of interface design by performing a reiterative heuristics evaluation.   • Evaluated forum interface with usability inspection methods.   • Assessed severity of violations with 0-4 rating scale  • Reported findings and recommendations with lo-fi prototypes    Netflix Content Shareability Study  Assessed if and how Netflix consumers may want to share content.  • Developed a protocol for a semi-structured observational interview.  • Using think-aloud protocol, encouraged users to comment on their actions and thoughts.  • Clustered qualitative data using affinity notes and walls based on themes and participant codes.  • Analyzed qualitative data  • Reported findings with recommendations and lo-fi prototypes Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Creator/Developer CutieBit Multiverse - https://cutiebit.io February 2018 to Present Capitalized on the opportunity to lead the conceptualization, development, and implementation of blockchain-based digital and plush collectibles. Developed dynamic features of the CutieBit Multiverse, including marketplaces, particle lab, and augmented reality options. Secured core team, partnerships, and legal. Established Cutie token for ICO and provided all content for the ICO webpage and whitepaper. Personally storyboarded, produced and edited the introductory video.    • Comparative research of blockchain-based digible industry: digible products, users, user journeys, tokens.  • Developed multiple customer personas based on comparative research of competitor blockchain-based startups.   • Developed CutieBit visual and behavioural characteristics based on research of subatomic particles.  • Created wireframes and prototypes for game features such as 3D characters, game interfaces, marketplaces, the particle lab, and augmented reality.  • Coded blockchain-based utility token (CUTIE on Ethereum).  • Researched and developed utility token use/journey through our platforms.  Science Fiction Writer Scifutures 2016 to 2017 Provided near-future scenarios featuring the product or service of Global and Fortune 100 companies in the form of narrative treatments. The process included researching and extrapolating current technologies and cultural trends into possible science-fiction-based scenarios. Clients  provided a brief with delimiters and products / services to feature.    • Researched cutting-edge technologies and social trends to determine possible directions for featured product or service.  • Wrote short stories in the science-fiction genre featuring the client’s product or service. Lead Technology Specialist City of Phoenix Expertly led high-visibility, mission-critical projects for SAP system, including leading, designing, testing, and managing the first fully successful Disaster Recovery project. Directed database, Unix, and Linux system administration, as well as SAP Basis administration. Served as project lead  on all system, database, and SAP Basis administration and changes, and coordinated changes with development, users, and management teams.    • Expertly assessed targeted needs for SAP system end users via semi-structured observational interviews.  • Researched, designed, implemented, and tested the first successful disaster recovery strategy for enterprise landscapes. Manager Database Systems Promark One/IDRC - Scottsdale, AZ Played a vital role in directing all facets of database system department projects while mentoring and managing a team of associates in exceeding daily system and data integrity objectives.  Managed multiple enterprise-wide software installs/ upgrades, including applications testing and rollout plans. Recruited DBAs. Continually upheld change control policies and Service Level Agreements (SLAs) while managing all SLA standards. Cost-effectively managed department budgets to meet goals. Trained new DBAs and helpdesk on database systemfirst response.    • Perform informal focus groups for database and data warehouse end users for query and reporting needs.  • Perform think aloud and observational interviews of end users for beta installations.   • Developed ongoing quantitative system and end-user assessment reports for needs, capacity, and performance tuning.      Senior Database Administrator Choice Hotels International - Phoenix, AZ Leveraged broad scope of industry knowledge toward providing database systems administration and project-related work for IBM Informix databases. Strategically steered all senior-level IBM / Informix database administrative initiatives, including seamlessly managing the design and implementation of datawarehouses, data marts and data extraction tools to align with companywide goals.    • Performed informal focus groups to assess stakeholder needs in terms of evolving use of databases.   • Performed observational interviews to assess various database interactions with beta sites.  • Write needs assessment reports.   • Redesigned, implemented, and tested disaster recovery procedures for production databases.  • Provided comprehensive knowledge sharing and critical manuals for disaster recovery procedures.  • Evaluated system performance and developed detailed monitoring reports. Education Certificate in UX Research and Design University of Michigan 2019 PhD in Transformative Inquiry & Consciousness Studies California Institute of Integral Studies - San Francisco, CA December 2018 Master of Liberal Arts in Science and Culture: : Ethnographic study of effectiveness of mind treatments for subjects participating in Science of Mind ideology. Arizona State University 2008 BS in Industrial Technology Interactive Computer Graphics 3D Arizona State University Skills Qualitative Research Methods (2 years), Semi-structured interviews (1 year), In-Situ Observations (Less than 1 year), Participant Observations (Less than 1 year), Heuristics (5 years), Focus Groups (2 years), Storyboarding (2 years), Research (5 years), Prototyping (2 years), Wireframing (Less than 1 year), System Administration (10+ years), Databases (10+ years), Enterprise Software (10+ years), Video Editing (4 years), Video Production (4 years), Audio Editing (4 years), 3D Studio Max (2 years), Paint 3D (2 years), Management (3 years), Project Planning (5 years), Project Management (5 years), Project Development (5 years), Creative Writing (10+ years), Creative Direction (1 year), SQL, Linux, HTML, HCI, User Experience, User Research, UX, Usability Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/cynthia-vale-phd-innovation https://cutiebit.io https://ciis.academia.edu/CynthiaVale
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1103.html#118:::Database Administrator III;Customer Service Representative;Database Administrator;MS Access Developer;Manager Agent Accounting;Database Administration (10+ years);Spreadsheets (10+ years);Financial Reporting (10+ years);Data Warehousing (10+ years);Business Management (10+ years);Program Management (10+ years);Business Analysis (10+ years):::Database Administrator III <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> III SharePoint/DBA/Analyst Norfolk, VA I am a relational innovator which contributes greatly towards my being able to analyze processes and figure how everything needs to relate under very limited or no supervision. Travel or relocate is definitely an option. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Administrator III Chipton Ross - Newport News, VA March 2016 to October 2016 Production planning control at a shipyard contract position as a Leased Programmer on site. SharePoint portal, MS Access Databases, MS Excel, data warehouse, SAP, MS Word, MS Outlook,. Customer Service Representative Alorica - Norfolk, VA May 2015 to May 2016 Provide outstanding customer service while assisting customers with billing questions, analyzing accounts to make recommendations, process device upgrades, troubleshoot tier 1 tech support. Database Administrator, Snelling Services, Virginia Beach, VA 2014 - 2014  Major project for Fortune 10 firm consolidating business processes handled differently by department into one repository where the data, reports, and monitoring could be shared real time. Database Administrator Snelling - Chesapeake, VA April 2014 to June 2014 Responsibilities  Major project for Fortune 10 firm consolidating business processes handled differently by department into one repository where the data, reports, and monitoring could be shared real time.    Accomplishments  Successfully consolidated data used across various platforms in different departments into one consolidated pool of data by integrating and syncing data based on common variables.    Interviewed and consulted with different departments in incorporating their processes into the workflow for new database design where departments could access information in real time. Consolidated information from different Excel sheet formats into one database.    Finished project in less than originally allotted.     Skills Used  MS Access, MS Excel, MS Outlook, VPN with having worked from home, Face-to-Face Meetings, Telecommute, Written Skills, Verbal Skills, Analytical Skills. MS Access Developer DOMA 2012 to 2013 Program manager/analyst contract assignment with financial systems for Comptroller's Office Norfolk Naval Station  • InfoPath form design, development, and deployment for reprogramming funds request, service requests, supply request, incoming reimbursable request  • Automate reporting processes for accounting, labor, budget, financial systems staff Manager Agent Accounting ZAISCO - Norfolk, VA 2004 to 2005 Work closely with Vice-President of Internal Audits reporting directly to the Vice-President Accounting  • Manage the reconciliation process of 23 Caribbean ports internationally operating as Sub-Agents.  • Reduced average number of days for revenue recognition and receipt for freight and demurrage collections from 253 days to 10 days. Education B. S. in Accounting Norfolk State University Skills Database Administration (10+ years), Spreadsheets (10+ years), Financial Reporting (10+ years), Data Warehousing (10+ years), Business Management (10+ years), Program Management (10+ years), Business Analysis (10+ years) Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information Highlights of Qualifications    ? Strong track record collaborating with executive management, project teams, and department heads to define functional requirements for projects to streamline operations and control costs in an effective and efficient manner  ? Government purchase card program technical liaison and help desk administrator utilizing  ? Automated Reprogramming and Commitment Funds by Developing Apps and Forms  ? Solid background in table/query design, report design, utilizing Visual Basic (VB) modules  ? Analyze, write specs, design, develop applications from infancy to deployment  ? Expert with data interchange (EDI) across different platforms and data sources  ? Excellent analytical skills, detail-oriented, innovative, energetic, and a major contributor  ? A valid driver's license and a valid passport, active secret clearance    Skills:  Web development, MS Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Publisher, Outlook, MS Access), mainframe systems, SharePoint, form development, written communication, verbal communication, sales, typing 90 wpm, reconciliations, advanced report, property management, technical writing.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1104.html#119:::Escondido - Volunteer Massage (Therapy);Database Administrator and Programmer;Therapy (3 years);Training (Less than 1 year);Marketing;Deep Tissue;Microsoft Office;Swedish Massage:::Escondido - Volunteer Massage (Therapy) Escondido - Volunteer Massage (Therapy) Escondido - Volunteer Massage (Therapy) - Elizabeth Hospice Vista, CA Work Experience Escondido - Volunteer Massage (Therapy) Elizabeth Hospice May 2018 to Present • Utilized different Massage techniques to address physical and emotional issues • Used various Holistic Health Practices to address assorted physical and emotional issues. Alex Jenks, Work December 2015 to Present from Home and Mobile - Yoga (Therapy) • Provided asana sequencing for physical stretching and relaxing muscles.  • Breathe and meditation exercises.  • Chakra balancing and and subtle energy work.  May 2018 - Present Alex Jenks, from Home and Mobile - Massage (Therapy) • Utilized different Massage techniques to address physical and emotional issues • Used various Holistic Health Practices to address assorted physical and emotional issues.  • Provided spa type treatments and experiences Database Administrator and Programmer Accumen - San Diego, CA December 2015 to March 2018 Managed AWS and SQL Server Systems Education Healing Hands Holistic Health School Skills Therapy (3 years), Training (Less than 1 year), Marketing, Deep Tissue, Microsoft Office, Swedish Massage Certifications/Licenses Licensed Massage Therapist Massage Therapist
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1105.html#120:::Database Administrator;IT Assistant;Database;Database design;Mysql;Postgresql;Sql;Python;Excel;Microsoft excel:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator - Roots Data Systems Silver Spring, MD Work Experience Database Administrator Roots Data Systems June 2017 to Present • Planned, installed, and configured MS SQL server 2014  • Migrated data from MS SQL server 2008r2 to MS SQL server 2014 using side by side mirroring  • Created and enhanced databases and schema objects such as tables, views, and procedures  • Maintained referential integrity of databases  • Monitored, performance tuned, backed up, and restored databases via point-in-time and point-in-failure solutions  • Controlled privileges and permissions to databases by way of principle of least privileges  • Conducted root cause analysis for database incidents and problems IT Assistant Morgan State University September 2015 to March 2017 • Oversaw technical integrity of computer lab's infrastructure to ensure optimal performance  • Analyzed, upgraded, and maintained computer software and hardware, copiers, and fax machines  • Supported students with questions and procedural instructions for use and operation of computers  • Communicated with colleagues, department heads, 2nd tier support, and network administrators Education Bachelor of Arts in Philosophy Pre-Law in Philosophy Pre-Law Morgan State University September 2012 to March 2017 Skills Database, Database design, Mysql, Postgresql, Sql, Python, Excel, Microsoft excel
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1106.html#121:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Jr. Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator Intern;DBA;Sql Server;Sql Database;Oracle Database;Oracle Dba;Sql Dba;MYSQL;Rman;RAC:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - Aramark Refreshment Gwynn Oak, MD Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Aramark Refreshment - Jessup, MD January 2019 to Present Role and Responsibilities  • Perform everything from creation of virtual machines, to installation of both Oracle database, and Microsoft SQL Server database software, to creation of schema/ database objects, to joining of servers to a domain, to export/importing of database files from an old database server into a newer server, to scheduling of task on task scheduler/cron tab, to performance tuning, etc.  • Great hands-on experience with Oracle and Microsoft SQL Server databases on Linux, RHEL, Solaris, and Windows databases.  • Has performed multiple import/export of virtual machines using VMWare vCenter, vSphere, and ESX virtual host during development of business applications  • Understands the basic architecture, and functionality of VMWare vCenter, vSphere, and ESX virtualization  • Recently installed, and deployed oracle database software on both RHEL7.3 and Windows server 2016 operating systems  • Create copies of virtual machines for the development of production applications on a VMWare vCenter host.  • Great hands-on experience with the installation, and configuration of Apache Tomcat application server, and the configuration of a tomcat server to communicate with both a database server, and a domain controller.  • Understands the basic functionalities of a domain controller. Knows how to add both Windows, and Linux virtual machines to a domain. Has troubleshoots multiple network connectivity issues between a database, and an application server with a domain controller.  • Understands the basic architecture, and functionality of an Active directory. Knows how to create both service accounts, and regular user accounts in a domain controller under LDAP. Knows how to grant/revoke permission to users in the LDAP, and perform password reset on user accounts.  • Performed multiple deployments of business applications into secured environments.  • Great documentation skills on all task perform during application development, testing, and deployment.  • Always available to relocate, and work even on non-working days  • Designed, developed, tested, deployed and maintained database security and audit solutions  • Great hands-on experience with RMAN backups, and management of archive logs within the Flash Recovery Area  • Performed database upgrade from Oracle 10g to Oracle 12cR2, and provided support for Oracle upgrade, application installation and operation, and database implementation onsite.  • Analyze database performance and performed database performance tuning  • Specialists on Oracle's memory architecture and spfile/init.ora parameter best practices  • Created multiple scripts for RMAN database backup, recovery, and monitoring on both Windows, and Linux platforms  • Performed system upgrades in support of business processing requirements  • Assisted developers with writing and tuning SQL queries  • Created scripts, and scheduled tasks using task scheduler/cron tab to copy database backup files into a secondary backup location on the NetApp  • Managed RMAN backups, conducted performance tuning analysis and modification, and developed standard operating procedures  • Prepared and implemented backup verification and recovery procedures  • Performed data loads using Data Pump and export/import utility.  • Diagnosed and troubleshot database problems such as errors and bugs, performance problems, runaway processes, connectivity problems, poor SQL statements, etc.  • Responsible for major Oracle database and Microsoft SQL server consolidation effort comprised of high-end Windows, and UNIX servers  • Proactively assisted developers in maintaining 40 + applications being accessed by employees and customers.  • Executed and provided ADDM, AWR and database health check reports to information owners and recommended solutions for improved performance.  • Took ownership of complex database incidents and problems and provided resolutions in a speedy and timely manner.  • Engaged subject matter experts and information owners to provide assistance to resolve more complex incidents as required for maximum availability of Oracle applications.  • Installed, configured, and maintained Oracle client software on client PC. Oracle Database Administrator Toyota Financial Services - Owings Mills, MD September 2018 to January 2019 Role and Responsibilities:  • Install, configure and deploy software, provide quality assurance.  • Developed web pages using Java, HTML, DHTML, CSS, JSP and JavaScript.  • Designed Database for the applications.  • Implemented all validations and clone testing.  • Experience with SQL query generation and data modeling experience  • Write and modify codes, maintain software documentation and specifications.  • Rebuild invalid indexes, recompiled invalid PL/SQL codes  • Involved in converting a single instance database to Oracle 11g, 10g RAC databases.  • Worked on installing the data guard on RAC databases for disaster recovery and setup the data guard broker.  • Providing all round DBA support to resolve Application and DB outages on production, development, test and staging Customer environments across the Globe.  • Supported up to 500 Databases.  • Installed and Managed 11g OEM  • Supported application and professional services to manage their data ranging from GB to TB in oracle database, solving of space problem, data loading problem.  • Executed Both DML and DDL SQL Queries on 11g Environments.  • Performing day-to-day database administration tasks like tablespace usage, checking alert log, trace files, monitoring disk usage, Table/index analyze jobs, database backup logs etc.  • Worked with database export & import scripts to backup database structures and automation procedures.  • Upgrade/Migration databases from Oracle 10 to Oracle 11g.  • Database Tuning by generating explain plans for long running queries, creating indexes on columns to improve performance Jr. Oracle Database Administrator Verizon LLC - Baltimore, MD September 2017 to August 2018 • Responsible for setting and managing USER MANAGEMENT, SPACE MANAGEMENT Granting required privileges to users.  • Performing monthly and annual performance reports for trend analysis and capacity planning.  • Assist in SQL tuning and providing consultation such as creating Materialized views, adding indexes, dropping unnecessary indexes, using hints wherever possible, amongst others.  • Worked on both Linux and UNIX environments.  • Troubleshooting of various database performances by proper diagnosis at all levels like SQL.  • Worked on refreshing the tables, schemas using exp & imp and also using expdp & impdp.  • Refreshed the databases from PROD to DEV using RMAN.  • Performed migration of databases from 9i and 10g to 11g on Linux.  • Upgraded the databases from 9i and 10g to 11g and resolving the issues during upgrade.  • Worked on RMAN backup and recovery. Recover databases (full recovery) during database upgrade and point in time recovery as per the user request using RMAN.  • Re-validated views and compiled the views which are invalid.  •. Successful in applying RDBMS patches, security patches for improving the security and functionality of the databases.  • Achieved optimized performance for databases by rebuilding indexes on tables.  • Automated processes like moving files, managing alert log, efficient backup by developing shell scripts.  • Involved in the installation, configuration and extended support to Oracle 11g, 10g two Node  • 24 X 7 Production & Development database support and administration. Oracle Database Administrator Intern NBC BANK - Bamenda Cameroon September 2015 to July 2017 • Supporting production and development databases,  • Taking export/import for schemas, databases as per the customer requirement,  • Managing database structure, storage allocation, table/index segments, rollback segments, constraints, database access, roles and privileges,  • Checking alert log, trace files, listener log and other database job logs,  • User creation and providing necessary roles, privileges and quota as per the requirement,  • Maintenance of database and listener security,  • Database and Schema REFRESH,  • Pro-active monitoring of database health,  • Database capacity planning.  • Backup's management.  • Database disaster recovery.  • Oracle 2 node RAC support.  Environment: HP server, RHEL 6 and Oracle 10.2.0.3 and Oracle RAC Education Master's Degree in Computer Science in Computer Science The University Skills DBA, Sql Server, Sql Database, Oracle Database, Oracle Dba, Sql Dba, MYSQL, Rman, RAC Additional Information Skills  • Database troubleshooting, RAC installation/configuration, disaster recovery with data guard, Computer hardware maintenance and repairs, MS word, MS Publisher, MS PowerPoint, MS Excel, Spreadsheets, RMAN, Linux OS, Quality Analyst /Tester, programming in "C," Java Scripts, HTML, CSS, AngularJS, Install, configure and deploy software, provide quality assurance.  • Experience on multi-threading, data structures, algorithms, object oriented design, and design patterns  • Troubleshoot various software issues using debugging process and coding techniques.  • Provide high-level customer support to remote clients using a support e-ticketing system. Operating system installations,
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1107.html#122:::Data Engineer;Internship, IIM Lucknow;Service Information Developer;Database Administrator;Decision trees;Linear regression;Logistic regression;Machine learning;Pca:::Data Engineer Data Engineer Graduate Student at University of Texas at Dallas Dallas, TX I am currently pursuing my Masters in Business Analytics with specialization in Data Science and Marketing from University of Texas at Dallas. Expected to graduate in December 2019.    I have 3 years of industry experience working with data and handling them to derive better business insights. I am a fast paced learner with an ability to deliver valuable insights via analytics and data-driven methods.     SKILLSET:  • Analytical Tools: Python, R, SQL, Tableau, PowerBI, Stata, PL/SQL, SAS, MS Excel, Hadoop, HIVE, Shell scripting  • Statistical and Machine Learning Techniques: Linear Regression, Logistic Regression, Clustering, Random Forest, SVM, Decision Trees, Ensemble Methods, Forecasting Techniques, Predictive Analytics, Unsupervised Learning (K Means, Hierarchical Clustering ), Time Series Forecasting, Dimensionality Reduction using Principal Component Analytics Work Experience Data Engineer Hewlett Packard Enterprise September 2016 to May 2018 Developed visualizations, interactive reports and dashboards using Tableau/ PowerBI to track company  performance, KPI metrics and contribution of individual units over time.  • Devised and implemented Business name swap model using Naive Bayes Algorithm to tackle problems where names were wrongly tagged as businesses and vice versa.  • Used Logistic regression and random forest to model the probability of attrition with an accuracy of 80%.  • Strategized insights to clients by mining customer data to increase the customer satisfaction score by 12%  • Applied k-means clustering on channel transactions, card transactions, product holdings and demographics to categorize customers into 16 segments. Analyzing the segments helped the team to conduct targeted online  campaigns to migrate 16% of the customers from low frequency buyers to repeated buyers. Internship, IIM Lucknow June 2017 to August 2017 • Applied statistical concepts to solve and analyze business cases published by Harvard Business School.  • Analyzed the pricing of premium economic tickets relative to regular ones using Linear regression and built a predictive model to predict the factors that affect this difference in pricing using RStudio  Database Management (UT Dallas) November 2018 - December 2018  • Performed data cleaning, normalization, designed data flow diagrams, schema mapping on Oracle database.  Applied Machine Learning (UT Dallas) February 2019 - March 2019  • Implemented linear regression using gradient descent and Machine learning classification algorithms (SVM, Decision tree, Boosting) using Python on UCI Facebook Comment Dataset and experimented with the performance  of various kernels and algorithms to decide on the best suitable algorithm. Service Information Developer February 2015 to August 2016 Created Oracle Stored procedures and performed unit testing on all stored procedures to ensure successful  deployment in production  • Developed the ETL Solutions to move data from the in-house custom-grown application to the reporting suite.  • Analyzed business needs, interviewed stakeholders, compiled functional system requirements and modeled  workflow processes for internal BI projects Database Administrator September 2014 to February 2015 • Performed database activities on SQL/ Oracle production databases such as enhancing database performance, performing restores, implementing recovery procedures and conducting regular system backups.  • Built efficient SSIS packages for processing fact and dimension tables with complex transforms and implementing  best practices to maintain optimal performance using SQL Server 2012.    ANALYTICAL PROJECTS Education M.S in Analytics The University of Texas at Dallas - Dallas, TX December 2019 B.E in Electronics and Communication Cambridge Institute of technology, Visvesvaraya Technological University June 2014 Skills Decision trees, Linear regression, Logistic regression, Machine learning, Pca Links http://linkedin.com/in/meghana1911
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1108.html#123:::Health Care Data Analyst;Oracle Database Administrator;Business Analyst;Database Management (1 year);Oracle (3 years);SQL (3 years);Disaster Recovery (1 year);UNIX Shell Scripting (2 years);Data Mining (3 years);Data Analysis (3 years);Data Visualization (3 years);Trend Recognition (3 years);Report Writing (3 years);Research (3 years);Problem Resolution (4 years);Tableau (1 year);ETL (3 years);Excel;Data Entry;VBA;MS ACCESS;Powerpoint;R (3 years);AWS;Cloud Computing;Python:::Health Care Data Analyst Health Care Data Analyst Data Analyst/ Database Adminstrator Chicago, IL Data Enthusiast certified in Oracle Database Administration with a background in Statistics/ Analytics.  Possesses 5 years’ work and academic experience in an assortment of technologies transforming data into actionable information and supporting mission-critical databases. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Health Care Data Analyst Living Spring Home Health Care Inc. - Homewood, IL May 2018 to Present • Manage and modify information systems as needed to serve new purposes and improve workflow.  • Design financial and administrative reports with concise data visualization of results.  • Analyze data to identify aberrant trends and issues that impact quality of service or result in improper payments.  • Make data-driven recommendations for corrective actions for more efficient claims processing.  • Proactively identify and recommend additional opportunities for data mining and analysis  • Support periodic financial and clinical quality audits to ensure compliance.  • Strong knowledge of healthcare industry(insurance, providers, members) and medical coding concepts (procedure codes, diagnosis codes, CPT codes and claims data)  • Successfully adhere to HIPPA policies & procedures for monitoring and managing health data. Oracle Database Administrator Ibaka Entertainment Inc - Brooklyn Center, MN August 2017 to Present • Install, setup & configure Oracle 11gR2/ 12c RAC and single instance databases.  • Manage Backup & Recovery for Oracle on Red Hat Linux using RMAN.  • Created backup plan design and implementation using cold/hot backups and RMAN backup technology.  • Go through day-to-day user requests and troubleshoot database related problems.  • Automate DBA tasks by utilizing SQL and UNIX shell scripting for monitoring Oracle database status, security and backups.  • Create, modify and maintain Oracle database objects and storage structures including tablespaces, tables, users, roles, profiles, directories, and indexes. Allocate appropriate tablespace quotas with necessary privileges and roles.  • Run complex queries to retrieve data and ad-hoc reports from multiple tables within Oracle databases.  • Diagnose and resolve performance issues associated with SQL tuning and resource contention including locks and deadlocks.  • Scheduled and managed jobs using CRONTAB and Windows Scheduler.  • Experienced in using database features such as RMAN, Data pump, SQL Loader, Flashback, AWR, ADDM, ASM, TTS, SQL Tuning/Access Advisor, TOAD, ASMCA, ASMCMD, DBCA, and DBUA.  • Participated in a team that successfully analyzed, recommended and implemented an Oracle Active Data Guard (Standby Database) to facilitate data protection, site redundancy, and disaster recovery. Business Analyst Ibaka Entertainment Inc - Brooklyn Center, MN May 2017 to August 2017 • Ran complex queries to retrieve data from multiple tables within Oracle and SQL Server databases.  • Manipulated, cleaned and analyzed data using R and SQL.  • Addressed data discrepancy issues to management.  • Worked with the analytics team to build, maintain, and populate data warehouses.  • Identified areas of opportunity to grow, increase profitability, and optimize effectiveness of service.  • Predicted customers preference based on order history to maximize sales efficiency using logistic regression  • Supported customer service department and increased customers' positive feedback rate from 88% to 94%.  • Championed elevated understanding of customer behavior, demographics and trend. Education Bachelor of Arts in Statistics University of Minnesota - Morris, MN June 2017 Skills Database Management (1 year), Oracle (3 years), SQL (3 years), Disaster Recovery (1 year), UNIX Shell Scripting (2 years), Data Mining (3 years), Data Analysis (3 years), Data Visualization (3 years), Trend Recognition (3 years), Report Writing (3 years), Research (3 years), Problem Resolution (4 years), Tableau (1 year), ETL (3 years), Excel, Data Entry, VBA, MS ACCESS, Powerpoint, R (3 years), AWS, Cloud Computing, Python Links http://linkedin.com/in/joy-adedeji Certifications/Licenses Oracle 11g Administrator Certified Associate December 2017 to Present Microsoft Excel 2016 - Power User July 2017 to Present Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  ? Oracle RAC Installation and Administration  ? Performance tuning  ? UNIX Shell scripting  ? Disaster recovery  ? Backup and Recovery  ? Data analysis  ? Data mining  ? Trend recognition  ? Data visualization  ? Report writing  ? Research    TOOLS: SQL, PL/SQL, JAVA, R (R Markdown, Shiny, dplyr, ggplot2), STATA, Python, Enterprise Manager(OEM), Grid Control, Relational databases, Advanced Microsoft Excel (VBA, Pivot tables, Macros).
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1109.html#124:::Oracle Database Administrator;Field Engineer;Network Engineer:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator Bowie, MD Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Chaveran Institute Technology 2016 to 2018 • Designing/architecture and developing new databases.  • Maintaining development, test and production databases.  • Protecting the databases –includes guarding the integrity and security of the data. Controlling access to the database, including creating logins for users and setting roles and privileges for each user.   • Installing, patching and upgrading the Oracle Database server and application tools  • Allocating system storage and planning future storage requirements for the database system  • Creating primary database storage structures (table-spaces) after application developers have designed an application  • Creating primary objects (tables, views, indexes) once application developers have designed an application  • Modifying the database structure, as necessary, from information given by application developers  • Enrolling users and maintaining system security  • Ensuring compliance with Oracle license agreements  • Controlling and monitoring user access to the database  • Monitoring and optimizing the performance of the database  • Planning for backup and recovery of database information  • Maintaining archived data on tape  • Backing up and restoring the database  • Monitored and tuned databases to provide optimal performance and recovery.  • Performed identity and access management functions such as setup users, roles, and privileges.  • Created architecture documents for accreditation, defined hardware, software and storage requirements, and provide input for project plans.  • Evaluated, configured DBMS products to match user requirements with system capabilities.   • Deployed database objects/changes to different environments.  • Installed and configured software for Oracle 11g, 12c on both Windows, ASM and UNIX platforms using Oracle OFA. Also Installed, Administered and Maintained SQL Server Instances 2008 and 2012  • Championed database migration from 11g and database upgrade from 11g to 12c using the Oracle Data pump and DBUA respectively.  •               • Rewrote and implemented a backup strategy following company SLA; execution of backup schedule Field Engineer IP Plus Consulting 2016 to 2017 • Support hardware, software, and networking troubleshooting and repair for Windows 7 & 10 servicing all Washington and Baltimore areas.  • Perform printer part replacement and maintenance: HP & Dell.  • Assist in building, maintaining and examining core network services including anti-virus and backup  • Perform routine network maintenance checks as well as configure another miscellaneous network equipment  • Assist in configuring and maintaining communications; internet connection, firewall, VPN, remote access  • Diagnosing and repairing Windows desktop and laptop.  • Taking computers apart and repairing them from the minutest component.  • PC peripherals repair and troubleshooting (printers, routers, repeaters).  • Testing systems to make sure that they are working properly  • Installing hardware and software systems and Upgrading existing hardware and software  • Assist Lead Network Engineer in areas of design, configuration, testing, and implementation of solutions  • Responsible for assisting implementation, troubleshooting and maintaining operations of network systems.  • Network equipment installations; Cisco Switches  • Provide desktop support including creating images specific to client requirements and deal with issues pertaining to hardware and applications  • Break\Fix according to SLA's  • Others miscellaneous task as assigned by Team Lead Network Engineer TWD Technology Solutions 2015 to 2016 • Configure and administering Windows Server 2008/2012 R2  • Set up accounts and passwords for specific users with authorization to access networks  • Responded to reports of network problems with guidance from team leads  • Cisco switches, router and load balancer administration and maintenance  • IP routing protocols BGP, OSPF and EIGRP  • Installed server hardware  • Ensured systems complied with applicable industry and company-based policy  • Perform Break\Fix according to SLA's on desktops and laptops. Education Computer Networking and Cybersecurity University of Maryland University College Assoc. of Applied Science in Email Prince Georges Community College - Largo, MD
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\111.html#125:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Technical Skills: Oracle 10g/11g, Red Hat Linux, UNIX System, Windows XP, Windows 2003 server, Oracle SQL*Plus, SQL, PL/SQL, OVM, OEM, Cloud computing, VMware Technologies, Microsoft Office Suite.:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - Holy Cross Hospital Bowie, MD Committed and dependable DBA with several years of experience in database management. Oracle certified, passionate about databases with an established reputation for ensuring database integrity, security, system reliability and availability.    DBA Proficiencies  ? 3+ years experience as an Oracle DBA, including significant experience with Oracle 10g & 11g.  ? Using RMAN for backup and recovery jobs (Hot & Cold backups)  ? Improving database performance (Performance Tuning)  ? User Management and Database security.  ? Implementing Fine grained Auditing.  ? Using Data Pump Export and Import. Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Holy Cross Hospital - Silver Spring, MD September 2011 to Present Administered and implemented performance tuning on the database system. Ensured assigned systems are engineered, configured and optimized for maximum functionality and availability.  * Implemented solutions that reduced single points of failure and improved system uptime to 99.9% availability (up from previous high of 97.5%).  * Advanced troubleshooting using trace files, alert log, and external links (Meta Link or Oracle Support)  * Effectively design and create databases manually and using DBCA as well as monitor and maintain these databases using OEM database and grid control.  * Create and deploy an efficient strategy to ensure timely backups using RMAN as well as effective management of archived and redo logs for recovery purposes.  * Regularly run AWR and ADDM reports to diagnose the health of the databases as well as utilize the numerous oracle advisors to tune and maintain optimal performance.  * Periodic patching of the oracle software to improve bugs and increase functionality with guidelines from the Oracle Technology Network.  * Clone databases using RMAN, OEM, and Data Pump for best in class high-availability solutions in a Data guard environment.  * Participate in issue resolution and troubleshooting to generate informative reports to enable management make proper business decisions.  * Maintain regular communication with application developers to ensure technical and functional designs meet client and business requirements. Oracle Database Administrator ProQuest - Bethesda, MD February 2010 to September 2011 Database administrator in a five member IT team responsible in configuring, troubleshooting and maintaining Linux and UNIX infrastructure for a mid-sized educational services company.  * Performed tuning using the AWR and ADDM to maintain high database availability and reliability.  * Configured and maintained data loads in huge Data warehousing systems using the Information Power Center ETL tool. Supported data warehousing and databases.  * Performed troubleshooting and fixed Oracle internal database errors with support from Oracle support. Did security update and patch/bug fixes as recommended by Oracle Support.  * Created database schema, tables, procedures, indexes, views, triggers, functions and wrote complex SQL queries.  * Involved in installation and configuration of database 10g and 11g on Window and Linux environments.  * Created, managed, and assigned roles and privileges to users.  * Inspected log file, monitored table spaces and partitions. Education Bachelors University of Dschang Associate Prince Georges Community College Skills Technical Skills: Oracle 10g/11g, Red Hat Linux, UNIX System, Windows XP, Windows 2003 server, Oracle SQL*Plus, SQL, PL/SQL, OVM, OEM, Cloud computing, VMware Technologies, Microsoft Office Suite.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1110.html#126:::Data & Ecommerce Analyst;Database Administrator - SQL SERVER;DATA MODELING;DBMS;MS ACCESS;MYSQL;SQL:::Data & Ecommerce Analyst Data &amp; Ecommerce Analyst Data & Ecommerce Analyst - Bison Production Company Cumming, GA Work Experience Data & Ecommerce Analyst Bison Production Company - Alpharetta, GA April 2017 to Present • Collect, analyze, and manage quantitative data to create meaningful reports and key metrics for the ecommerce team.  • Manage the various types of reporting process: sales outlook, volume/price/ mix reporting, flash and management meeting presentations.  • Acquire data from primary and secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems  • Managing Dashboard, master data, including creation, updates, and deletion.  • Managing users and user roles.  • Provide quality assurance of imported data, working with quality assurance analyst if necessary.  • Filter and "clean" data, and review trends of bad data to identify problems with data capture, design and architecture  • CRM super user who leads sales and technical teams in utilization of the CRM (Salesforce.com) to track customer, competitive and or market activities.  • Identify market trends relative to product and pricing and maintain a thorough understanding of profitability by segment.  • Summarize and report as to which products are being offered and at what price. Update competitive information to define competitive business strategies, strengths and weaknesses, product offerings, etc.  • Work closely with management to prioritize business and information needs  • Document and maintain documentation around data handling activities and customer reporting processes.  • Create, manage, and optimize listings on Amazon Seller Central & Vendor Central, Sams Club, eBay, Walmart, HomeDepotLink, Lowes, Shopify and other marketplaces.  • Research and identify new marketplaces, including logistical needs and pricing.  • Lead projects and objectives that improve operations within each marketplace.  • Perform inventory controls and keep quality standards high for audits  • Produce reports and statistics regularly (IN/OUT status report, dead stock report etc) Database Administrator - SQL SERVER Voogole IT Academy - Alpharetta, GA June 2015 to March 2017 • Responsible for taking and optimizing backup and recovery processes.  • Configuring and setting new users, database mail, alerts and notifications.  • Used Query Analyzer and Profiler to diagnose SQL SERVER databases performance issues.  • Strong database design/implementation skills and capacity planning  • Experience with monitoring and troubleshooting 24x7 operations  • Capable of working in Virtual and Physical server environment and establish best practice when configuring and installing SQL Server  • Extensive knowledge in using SQL Server 2005/2008/2012 and data conversion. Education Bachelor's in Degree in Computer Science in Computer Science National University Skills DATA MODELING, DBMS, MS ACCESS, MYSQL, SQL
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1111.html#127:::Technical Representative;R&D Manager, IPM Specialist, Database Administrator;Data analytics;Spss;Sap;Srm;Written and verbal;Tissue culture;Excel;Microsoft excel;Budgeting:::Technical Representative Technical Representative Portland, OR Work Experience Technical Representative September 2018 to Present • Manage 110 accounts across 14 western states to provide technical consulting, product applications and client training  • Facilitate client meetings, relations and devise plans for increased profitability  • Create demand via product marketing & positioning, market infiltration strategies, tradeshows & presentations and B2B sales  • Adapt to market fluctuations by generating new business with national distributors and manufacturers  • Provide industry knowledge and collaborate with R&D to shape new and improved product profiles R&D Manager, IPM Specialist, Database Administrator Terra Nova Nurseries January 2017 to September 2018 • Perpetuated new cultivar ideas & development to final patented products  • Tracked data, provided photography and wrote product descriptions  • Maintained plant health by developing fertilizer, lighting, pesticide and beneficial insect regiments  • Propagated plants via cuttings and pollination  Program Coordinator School Gardening for South Carolina Educators May 2015 to November 2016 May 2015---November 2016    • Created and managed online horticulture workshops and courses  • Conducted meta-analyses for preliminary environmental reports  • Devised follow-up research to measure program's impact  • Coordinated volunteer and internship programs    Objective  Driven, passionate horticulturalist seeking a career in research and consulting Education Bachelor of Science in Marie Biology in Marie Biology College of Charleston - Charleston, SC May 2015 Skills Data analytics, Spss, Sap, Srm, Written and verbal, Tissue culture, Excel, Microsoft excel, Budgeting
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1112.html#128:::HealthShare Developer;Database administrator;Software Developer;Junior Developer;CACHE;DATABASE;MYSQL;ORACLE;C++;HTML;MUMPS;WEB SERVICES;SFTP;HTTP;SMTP;SOAP;JAX;UNIX;REST;MAC;SQL;Javascript;XML;Linux:::HealthShare Developer HealthShare Developer HealthShare Developer - Favor TechConsulting LLC Melbourne, FL Expertise in database development for clinical, pharmaceutical, laboratory, hospital and financial systems Medical billing/collections and claim processing for the Patient Accounting Deep knowledge of the Enterprise Application Integration (EAI) concept Ability to provide interface support and bring resolutions to production issues Experience in embedded application development, software testing and test plan development, software validation. Experience translating client business requirements into appropriate business resilience solution, considering all aspects of availability, recoverability, scalability and security Experience designing embedded systems software for use in biomedical applications Proven ability to formulate and implement advanced technology and business solutions to meet a diversity of needs and maximize return of investment Expert in writing and optimizing complex SQL queries, stored procedures Working experience with MS Office, Mumps, C++, Access, SQL. Excellent understanding of medical device software, knowledge on networking concepts IT Audit Intensive experience in contact with clients in various disciplines Excellent understanding of Laboratory and Hospital principles, VISTA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience HealthShare Developer Favor TechConsulting LLC January 2018 to Present Description:  Favor TechConsulting, LLC (FTC) is a Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Woman-Owned Small Business (WOSB), and 8(a) Certified Disadvantaged Small Business. FTC is CMMI Maturity Level 3 appraised for both Services and Development and provides a wide range of management consulting and IT services to The United States Federal Government. FTC provides innovative technical and management solutions to support enterprises at every level, fostering continuous process improvement and reducing overall costs while enhancing outcomes. Our core competencies include: Agile Transformation Services, Supply Chain Management & Logistics, Data Science, Infrastructure & Telecommunications Support, Cloud Services and Cyber Security.    Responsibilities:  • Working with the team of software engineers and architects on development the VA VISTA  • Enrollment, Eligibility, CPRS, Scheduling, Registration, Pharmacy, and Claim processing applications.  • Analyzing systems requirements and developing the design specifications.  • Updating the VISTA Database Globals, user manuals.  • Preparing the unit test, coding and debugging routines based on tester inputs.  • Preparing the required documentation.  • Providing the technical direction to less experienced programmers.  • Conducting analysis development and maintenance of software and interfaces.  • Modifying the HL7 interface. VISTA, HL7, MUMPS/Cache, Json, Enterprise Architecture planning and modeling tools, EPIC. Database administrator Juniper Networks, California June 2017 to January 2018 Description:  juniper.net. Juniper Networks, Inc. is an American multinational corporation headquartered in Sunnyvale, California. The company develops and markets networking products, including routers, switches, network management software, network security products, and software-defined networking technology.  Responsibilities:  • Work with the development team to resolve bug-fixes and assist in relevant testing through various environments  • Perform coding migration, database change management & data management through the various stages of the development life cycle  • Provide technical support to databases, including system management, backup/recovery, account management, configuration management, and trouble calls  • Estimate effort to complete software development activities and provide input that adds value to the management of software development projects  • Work with application development staff to develop database architectures, coding standards, and quality assurance policies and procedures  • Has full authority for assigning, directing and evaluating work; conducting performance evaluations, progressive counseling and career development discussions  • Assist with Windows Server configuration and management as it relates to MS SQL Server installation and performance  • Perform and manage daily database maintenance, monitoring and performance tuning tasks/jobs Software Developer Forsys Inc August 2016 to May 2017 Description:  Forsys Inc is a Cloud and Analytics Software & IT Services company. Forsys Combine great employees and bold technologies to enable the next generation of leadership in business and government. With expertise in cutting-edge technologies and infrastructures, and the ability to integrate within existing IT environments, they maximize performance and enable business transformation.  Responsibilities:  • Developed the application following the Agile methodology.  • Develop, test and implement new software programs  • Clearly and regularly communicate with management and technical support colleagues  • Design and update software database. This includes, but is not limited to: Software Applications, Web Sites, Data Communication Processes and User Interfaces  • Test, maintain and recommend software improvements to ensure strong functionality and optimization  • Independently install, customize and integrate commercial software packages  • Facilitate root cause analysis of system issues  • Work with experienced team members to conduct root cause analysis of issues, review new and existing code and/or perform unit testing  • Provide comprehensive support to internal customers; achieve resolution to outstanding problems or issues  • Compile timely, comprehensive and accurate documentation and or reports as requested  • Possess up-to-date knowledge of technological developments in the industry  • Communicate effectively and professionally in all forms of communication with internal and external customers  • Possess strong problem solving and decision-making skills while using good judgment  • Multi-task and change from one task to another without loss of efficiency or composure Junior Developer Electronic Corporation of India(ECIL) - IN January 2014 to August 2015 Description:  ECIL is a multi-product, multi-disciplinary organization with focus on indigenous Nuclear energy, space and Defense sectors. ECIL also has a strong presence in indigenous Electronic Security, Communications, Networking and e-governance domains. ECIL has committed partnerships with nuclear energy establishments of India. ECIL is credited with producing the first indigenous digital computers, TDC 312 and TDC 316, solid state TV, control and instrumentation for nuclear power plants and first earth station antenna of India.  Responsibilities:  • Analyzed existing code to determine functionality  • Designed, created and implemented automated report subscription system for warehouses and distributors using crystal reports  • Created Microsoft Windows services for automatic data synchronization between client side and server applications  • Designed, created and implemented security system for different user access level  • Took an active part in product discussion meetings  • Provided project maintenance. Education Master's Skills CACHE, DATABASE, MYSQL, ORACLE, C++, HTML, MUMPS, WEB SERVICES, SFTP, HTTP, SMTP, SOAP, JAX, UNIX, REST, MAC, SQL, Javascript, XML, Linux Certifications/Licenses Driver's License
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1113.html#129:::Database Administrator;Database Administrator;Database Administrator;SQL;SQL Server;Linux;DBA;Oracle Database;Rman;Oracle Dba;Sql Dba;Sql Database;RAC;Sybase:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator - Verizon Wireless Riverview, FL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Administrator Verizon Wireless - Temple Terrace, FL March 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  • Worked in an environment comprising 200 databases with the largest databases each of size 5 TB.  • Performed frequent refreshing/cloning of production databases to development & testing databases using DataPump, RMAN Duplicate database.  • Database monitoring/maintenance, replication process and performance tuning are done using OEM (Oracle Enterprise Manager), Foglight.  • Automated the processes like moving files, managing alert log, efficient backup by developing UNIX scripts.  • On-Call 24x7 production DBA support, application/development DBA, system administrator.  • Completed data mining through GoldenGate integrated replication for application schemas  • Installed,Configured and maintain goldengate for data center migration  • Used GoldenGate to replicate data from source to target in order to eliminate overhead on the source database  • Replicating Data Definition Language(DDL) using GoldenGate for dynamic in-house, developed database applications. Hence eliminating need for import/export  • Achieved real-time/no -real-time data replication using GoldenGate installed on a downstream system  • Maintained ODS downstream database using goldengate intergrated replication methodology    • Schedule and tune backups, automate refreshes and STATS jobs using UC4 and crontab  • Capacity planning of tables, indexes, table spaces and databases to allow for growth potential.  • Reconcile functional and technical problems through interaction with the client by researching and identifying the defined issue and by fully testing and confirming possible solutions to the problem.  • Creating database objects Tablespaces, Application Users, Database schemas, profiles, granting privileges and roles, and creating database links.  • Extensively worked on complete & incomplete recoveries of the databases including Point in time recovery (PITR) and Tablespace point in time recovery (TSPITR) using RMAN utility.  • Involved in performingupgrades from Oracle 11g to Oracle 12cdatabases.  • Applied PSU Patches (10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4) as a part of maintenance activity.  • Extensively used Datapump, conventional export/import utilities for loading data to & from databases, logical backups and migration of databases.  • Fixed various database performance issues using Automated Workload Repository (AWR) and Automatic Database Diagnostics Monitor (ADDM) and Active Session History (ASH).  • Achieved optimal performance tuning by using explain plan, STATSPACK, SQL TRACE, TKPROF utilities.  • Installation, configuration and maintenance of Physical Standby using OracleData Guard for Disaster recovery process on Oracle 11g, 10g.  • Extensively used AWR, ADDM and explain plan for periodic performance tuning.  • Implemented proactive monitoring using Tuning Pack, Diagnostics Pack, and STATSPACK, SQL Trace & TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN.    Environment: Oracle 11.2.0.4, 12.1.0.2, RHEL 5.5, Sun Solaris 10.0, Exadata, ASM, Peoplesoft, SQL Developer, RMAN, OEM12c & 13c, Datapump, AWR, ADDM, ASH, TOAD, Foglight, Service Now, UC4, RAC, Windows 12r2, goldendate 12.3.0.1.4 Database Administrator Walgreens - Deerfield, IL January 2016 to March 2017 Responsibilities:  • Installation of oracle 11g databases in production, development and test environments depending on project requirements.  • Collaborated with the UNIX system Administrator to configure any software and hardware requirements that will function with the Oracle Database  • Refreshing development/test database from production using Export/Import & RMAN backups.  • Making structural changes to the databases. Sizing database objects for effective space management and optimal performance.  • Managing database security.  • Creating and assigning appropriate roles and privileges to users depending on the user activity.  • Defragmentation of tables and indexes for improved performance and effective space management.  • Have touch-point calls with offshore team and make sure all issues happen in off business hours are addressed with sense of urgency.  • Define database design and infrastructure standards in conjunction with the server configurations,  • Monitoring and troubleshooting the gaps between source and target databases configured with goldengate.  • Successfully upgraded the databases from 11g to non CDB 12c.  • Created Oracle Wallets and implemented Tablespace level TDE security.  • Managed Database MaintenanceActivities to achieve optimum database uptime.  • Configuration of Listener and Tnsnames.  • Created database link between two databases to access the table data from one local database to remote database using distributed database feature.  • Planned database backups (operating system, full/partial backups, and export/import) using various types of backups on UC4 clients and designed the backup methodology for the organization..  • Performed other Oracle DBA responsibilities performance tuning, monitoring tablespaces, monitoring users, etc. as well as much problem solving.  • Designed Logical and physical database for business transaction functionality.  • Provide production support for the deployed project till it is stabilized.  • Create and maintain data model  • Written SQL scripts to create database objects like tables, views and sequences.  • Created procedures and functions using PL/SQL.  • Preparation of High Level & Low Level Design documents.    Environment: Oracle 11g/10g/9i, Linux, Solaris, SQL Developer, PL/SQL, Shell scripting (Bourne), OEM, Statspack, RMAN, AWR, ADDM, DataPump. Database Administrator United Parcel Service - Chicago, IL October 2014 to December 2015 Responsibilities:  • Worked in an environment comprising 200 databases with the largest databases each of size 5 TB.  • Performed periodic refreshing/cloning of production databases to development & testing databases using RMAN Duplicate database.  • Extensively worked on complete & incomplete recoveries of the databases including Point in time recovery (PITR) and Tablespace point in time recovery (TSPITR) using RMAN utility.  • Involved in performing upgradation from Oracle 9i, 10g to Oracle 11.2.0.3 RAC database.  • Applied PSU Patches (10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4) as a part of maintenance activity.  • Extensively used Datapump, conventional export/import utilities for loading data to & from databases, logical backups and migration of databases.  • Fixed various database performance issues using Automated Workload Repository (AWR) and Automatic Database Diagnostics Monitor (ADDM) and Active Session History (ASH).  • Achieved optimal performance tuning by using explain plan, STATSPACK, SQL TRACE, TKPROF utilities.  • Schedule Performance jobs, Backups in all environments, STATS jobs, refreshes, and alerts on UC4 clients  • Ensure sound database definitions, structures and documentation.  • Creating and cloning database from PROD to DEV, UAT and QA.  • Presenting and analyzing database performance reports and improvement recommendations to client company's senior executives.  • Installation, configuration and maintenance of Physical Standby using OracleData Guard for Disaster recovery process on Oracle 11g, 10g.  • Extensively used AWR, ADDM and explain plan for periodic performance tuning.  • Implemented proactive monitoring using Tuning Pack, Diagnostics Pack, and STATSPACK, SQL Trace & TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN.  • Database monitoring/maintenance, replication process and performance tuning are done using OEM (Oracle Enterprise Manager).  • Automated the processes like moving files, managing alert log, efficient backup by developing UNIX scripts.  • Capacity planning of tables, indexes, table spaces and databases to allow for growth potential.  • Worked with application developers to address and clarify data requirements to resolve technical and functional issues.  • Enforced corporate business rules through adequate user/resource/object management.  • Reconcile functional and technical problems through interaction with the client by researching and identifying the defined issue and by fully testing and confirming possible solutions to the problem.  • Creating database objects Tablespaces, Application Users, Database schemas, profiles, granting privileges and roles, and creating database links.    Environment: Oracle 11.2.0.3, 10.2.0.5, RHEL 5.5, Sun Solaris 10.0, DataGaurd, RAC, RMAN, OEM, Datapump, AWR, ADDM, ASH, TOAD 11.0. Education Associate in B.Sc. Political Science and Public Administration University of Buea Skills SQL, SQL Server, Linux, DBA, Oracle Database, Rman, Oracle Dba, Sql Dba, Sql Database, RAC, Sybase Certifications/Licenses OCA Present Additional Information Skill Summary    • Over 4 years of strong experience in Oracle database administration in heterogeneous system environment including Solaris, UNIX, and Windows, supporting a variety of mission critical applications with Oracle 10g, 11g and 12c.  • Performing complete and incomplete recovery during disasters, failures and user errors.  • Configuring user creation, their roles and privileges profiles to control access over database objects.  • Strong skills in applying security patches (Patch set, Critical Patch Updates (CPU) / Patch Set Updates (PSU), One-off Patch) using "runInstaller" and perl based utility "opatch as well as database upgrades  • Working closely with the developing team for Data modeling and datababase design  • Installed and maintained Real Application Clusters (RAC)  • Extensive experience in database production support.  • Database backup concepts and options such as user-managed backup, RMAN-managed backup with or without catalog, operating system backup, cold and hot backup, full backup, incremental and cumulative backup. Implementing backup and recovery strategies.  • Deployed Standby databases using Data Guard 11G (Maximum Performance).  • Experience as On-Call 24x7 production DBA support, application/development DBA, system administrator.  • Monitored physical I/O and Proper sizing of rollback segments.  • Optimized SQL using explain plan, Auto trace feature and TKPROF to analyze the execution plan and tune the statements.  • Tuning of database using Utlstat scripts Statspack and dynamic performance views to monitor system statistics and wait events, AWR, ADDM and Tuning of SGA.  • Proven technical knowledge of infrastructure management (network, systems), combined with outstanding leadership ability and creative problem solving skills in both strategic and tactical areas as well as excellent communication /documentation skills and strong aptitude to analyze and resolve problems.  • Responsible for RMAN backups, and improvement to backup with incremental back by adding block change tracking feature of Oracle 11gR2.  • Created Users, Roles and Profiles, Privilege management with role-based security.  • Performed database tuning using Explain Plan, TKPROF, Statspack, Automatic Workload Repository (AWR), Active Session History (ASH), and Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor (ADDM) and SQL Trace.  • Maintaining and scheduling Cold Backups, Hot Backups, and Export Dumps. Maintaining backups of Archive logs and automating cleaning of archive logs. Deploying RMAN to automate backup and maintaining scripts in recovery catalog.  • Data transferring with export/import utilities and Data Pump and SQL* Loader.    Technical Summary    Databases Oracle 10G/11G/12C    Operating Systems HP-UX 10.x, 11.x. Sun Solaris 2.5, 2.6, 8, 9, 10. AIX 5.1, 5.2, 5.3, 6.1 RHEL 2.1, 3.x, 4.x, 5.x.Linux Enterprise Server 9, 10. Windows 95/98/NT/2000.  Tuning Tools: TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN, STATSPACK, AWR, and ADDM.  Languages SQL, PL/SQL, UNIX Shell Scripting, PERL.  Utilities  RMAN, OEM, SQL*Loader, EXP, IMP, Data pump,, TOAD, Oracle SQL Developer, Spotlight, SONAR G, GUARDIUM, UC4, Winscp, JIRA, Goldengate 12.3.0.1.4, OEM 12c, OEM13c
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1114.html#130:::SQL SERVER DBA;SQL Server DBA II;DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR;DATABASE (4 years);maintenance (4 years);MS SQL Server (4 years);SQL (4 years);SQL SERVER (4 years);Sql Dba;DBA;Ssis;MYSQL;ETL;Oracle Dba:::SQL SERVER DBA SQL SERVER DBA M&T BANK SQL SERVER DBA Buffalo, NY • Over 5 years' of experience in MS SQL Server database design, development & administration in enterprise production environment including server installation, configuration, upgrade, maintenance, performance tuning, optimization, backup/restore, recovery, migration, monitoring, security planning and trouble-shooting.  • Experience in Data Modeling, Relational Database Architecture and Implementation, System Architecture and development and Database Administration.  • Experience to deliver data management vision goals, priorities, design principles, and operating policies in support of the business goals of the Organization.  • Experienced to develop database solution by designing proposed system, defining database physical structure and functional capabilities, security, back-up, and recovery modes.  • Proficient with SQL Management Studio, Enterprise Manager, Query Analyzer, rescheduling jobs with SQL Server Agent, SQL Profiler, restoring database using full, differential, and log backups.  • Supporting production environment in 24/7 by acting as an on-call in rotational basis.  • Experience in Tuning SQL queries & improving the performance of the Database and performed database Consistency Checks Using DBCC Utilities.  • Hands on experience about SQL Server 2014/2012/2008/2005 installation/configuration /migration crossing different editions.  • Experience in Tuning SQL queries & improving the performance of the Database and performed database Consistency Checks Using DBCC Utilities.  • Experience in implementing disaster recovery & HA concepts like Log Shipping, Mirroring and Clustering.  • Experience in implementing and managing transactional, merge and snapshot Replication models  • Extensive experience in using SQL Server Profiler to monitor the SQL server for deadlocks, long running queries and tune the same to improve performance.  • Experience in regular maintenance activities like index rebuild, query tuning, statistics update, log file monitoring, temp DB monitoring, deadlock resolutions, and blocking contention issues.  • Expert in working with Third party backup tool like Red Gate SQL Lite Speed, Idera SQL Safe to improve Performance of backup and recovery.  • Experienced in creating and managing schema objects such as tables, views, constraints, indexes, functions, procedures, and triggers and maintained Referential Integrity.  • Experienced in Setup weekly and monthly maintenance plan to optimize the database server.  • Experienced in in installing and configuring Active/Passive and Active-Active Cluster on SQL 2012.  • Experience in designing and scheduling complex SSIS Packages for transferring data manually from multiple data sources to SQL server.  • Experienced in Huge data migrations, transfers using utilities like SSIS, Bulk Copy Program (BCP) and Bulk Insert.  • Experience in solving Real Time issues with Index fragmentation, DBCC checks, Query Tuning, Error and Event Handling.  • Experienced in supporting of Application deployment efforts which include database components. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience SQL SERVER DBA Wells Fargo - Richmond, VA February 2017 to June 2018 Experienced in database consolidation project where we migrated 50+ standalone databases into SQLALWAYSON infrastructure.  ? Responsible for maintaining database inventory, creating database capability planning, security compliance planning and implement servers and Databases in Strong Security Environment.  ? Responsible to design security model by Creating Users, Schemas, Roles and Permissions for SQL Server.  ? Performed SQL Server configuration for the business functions including Index & data management to determine defragmentation level whether to update statistics or rebuild and reorganize indexes.  ? Worked in a SQL server operating in a very large database environment and also resolving issues related to database and tables.  ? Designed database maintenance plans for database backups.  ? Responsible for configuring, testing, monitoring, and supporting multiple heterogeneous database instances, maintaining the databases at current release and maintenance levels.  ? Created SQL objects like Tables, Stored Procedures, Views, Indexes, user defined data type's functions.  ? Responsible for developing high quality extraction/transformation/load (ETL) programs from heterogeneous sources (Excel, CSV, Oracle, flat file, ODBC, Text Format Data), and building business intelligence reports using SQL Server, SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), Report Services (SSRS) and Analysis Services (SSAS)  ? Worked as part of a team and provide 7×24 supports when required.    ? Performed daily tasks including backup and restore by using SQL Server 2008 tools like SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Server Profiler, SQL Server Agent, and Database Engine Tuning Advisor.  ? Involved with High Level Design of ETL SSIS Package for integrating data from heterogeneous sources (Excel, CSV, Oracle, flat file, ODBC, Text Format Data).  ? Involved in creating complex Stored Procedures, Triggers, Functions, Indexes, and Tables etc.  ? Monitored Scheduled jobs and alerts.    Environment: SQL Server 2012, Windows server 2012/2008, MS Office, ALM, UFT, Java, XML, HTML, MS SQL Server , MS SQL Server Integration Services , MS SQL Server Reporting Services , T-SQL, Team Foundation Server , ASP.NET. SQL Server DBA II KINETIK.Care December 2016 to January 2017 Installed and configured SQL Server 2012, 2014 in production and development environment.  ? Involved in installing and managing multiple 2 node failover cluster set up in active/passive environment as a High Availability mechanism.  ? Analyzed and Upgrade SQL Server 2005 and 2008 to 2012/2014 Migrated Database from 2012 to 2014.  ? Applied SQL Server service packs and hot-fixes as they become for updates.  ? Successfully implemented database mirroring with high availability mode in SQL Server 2012.  ? Implemented log shipping in SQL Server 2012 from primary server to standby server to support DR solution.  ? Involved in resolving all problems with production, test and development SQL Server, Troubleshooting the problem and providing the root cause analysis.  ? Checked Database Health by using DBCC commands and DMVS.  ? Experience in writing technical reports for the management and for other of Production support.  ? Promote/migrate SQL-Server objects from development to QA and QA to production instances  ? Scheduled DBCC and Update statistics on database to ensure data consistency and better performance.  ? Assisted developers with code enhancements, tuning of queries and indexing and tables.  ? Ensured utmost quality process in both design & development of the entire system & guide the client in achieving their business goals.  ? Responsible for creating & maintaining Database files, Transaction log files, Procedures, Daily Maintenance Jobs.  ? Troubleshoot database performance issues and tune database objects. Set up traces and profiler to troubleshoot performance issues.  ? Monitored memory, CPU utilization, disk utilization, locks, deadlocks and run-time of queries.  ? Created and maintained various databases for Production, Development and Testing using SQL Server 2012.Planning the location of data, index, and Transaction log files on the disk. Solved issues related to server performance and disk space.    Environment: MS SQL Server 2016/20142012/2008 r2, Red Gate, T-SQL, Windows Server 2008/2012. UNIX, Web Logic, HTML, XML, TOAD. DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR Karnaphuli Fertilizer Company November 2013 to October 2016 Installed Configured and Managed MS SQL Server 2012, 2008 ,2008 r2 ,2005 in development, test, and production environment  ? Upgraded SQL databases 2005 to SQL Server 2008R2.  ? Closely work with business analyst to deploy databases and manage availability.  ? Involved in monitoring and troubleshooting performance issues and optimized TSQL queries, stored procedures, functions etc.  ? Executed Data migrations from one database structure to another Using SSIS Review and Migrated Stored Procedure.  ? Involved in Scheduling Tasks, Setting Alerts, Managing Task Scheduling, setting up SQL Mail, Managing Alerts, Monitoring and Tuning SQL Server, and also suggested better Scheduling Strategy for jobs to overcome Blocking and Dead Locks.  ? Worked with developers to tune-up performance of SQL and T-SQL query.  ? Analyzed the existing application programs and tuned SQL queries using Execution plan, Query Analyzer, SQL Profiler and database Engine tuning Advisor.  ? Performance tuning & optimization of servers in production, test environment  ? Configured Database maintenance plan as per the capacity planning and priority/severity of the Database and defining the required retention period for the backup storage.  ? Monitored and tuned all aspects of SQL Server infrastructure like Disk, CPU, Memory, SQL Code etc., by using PerfMon, Profiler, Dynamic management views.  ? Implemented Disaster Recovery for SQL Server DBA Production Database as Fail-Over or Standby Servers.  ? Used Log Shipping Technique for warm backup solution for MS SQL Server databases.  ? Continuously monitored and updated Backup and Recovery strategy to recover data based on requirements  ? Involved in Day-to-day activities such as Agent Jobs, Services, Index, Database growth, health and consistency check.    Environment: MS SQL Server 2012, 2008, 2008R2, T-SQL, SSIS, SSRS, BCP,SQL Profiler,Log shipping, Mirroring, VMware , Windows XP/2000 and Windows Server 2008/2012. Education Bachelors in Science in Computer Science and Engineering International Islamic University of Chittagong (IIUC) Skills DATABASE (4 years), maintenance (4 years), MS SQL Server (4 years), SQL (4 years), SQL SERVER (4 years), Sql Dba, DBA, Ssis, MYSQL, ETL, Oracle Dba Additional Information Technical Skills:    Database Products:  • MS Sql Server 2005/ 2008/ 2008R2/2012/2014/2016/2017    Oracle 11g    • MySQL  • MS Access    Programming Languages:  • T-SQL/SQL  • MySQL    • PowerShell Script  • PHP/VB6/VB.Net    • C/C++  • CSS/HTML    SQL Tools:  • Data Tools/ DMA  • SQL Profiler/ Perfmon  • MS Baseline Security Analyzer  • Hyper-V    • SP_Blitz/ DBATools  • Maintenance Solutions  • Red Gate's SQL Monitor    • Crystal Report  • Idera SQL Diagnostic Manager  • Visual Studios    ETL/Reporting Tools • SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) • SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) SQL Server Analysis Service  Environment/OS: • Windows Server 2003/2008/2012 UNIX/Linux • VMWare 10  Other Tools • SharePoint Atlassian JIRA HIPAA and BMC Remedy System.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1115.html#131:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;ORACLE;SQL;LINUX;RED HAT;RMAN;HTML;XML;RDBMS;OEM;WINDOWS XP:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator Houston, TX Database Administrator with over 6 years' experience. Over the years, I have successfully configured and managed Oracle databases 10g. 11gR1/R2 and 12C multitenant databases. My experience includes but not limited to Replication, Database Security, Memory Management, Patch Installation, Migration, Upgrades, Backup and Recovery, Cloning, and performance tuning. Managed Database on AIX, Linux and Windows environments. Experienced in configuring and managing Oracle Real Application Cluster (RAC) 11g/12c, Data Guard and Golden Gate for Oracle High Availability. I have supported multiple environments spanning Finance, IT, Insurance and Tech sectors. I have the ability to work both as an individual contributor and as a member of a team. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Marathon Oil - Houston, TX May 2017 to July 2019 Experience as On-Call 24x7 production DBA support, application/development DBA, system administrator.  ? Provide administrative support and maintenance on oracle 11g and 12c installations, database creation, database security, database optimization and tuning and HADR  ? Experience in VLD (75T) database on multiple standalone instance / RAC clustered running on different OS.  ? Extensive experience with Database/Schema using RMAN backups and data pump utilities  ? Excellent experience in installation, setup and configuration of Oracle 10g, 11g and 12c running on HP-UX, Sun Solaris, IBM AIX, Windows and UNIX/Linux environment, RAC, Golden Gate.  ? Experience in designing and configuring high-availability systems using physical standby (Active Data Guard)  ? Expertise in setting up Data Guard Failover, Switchover, Read-Only, snapshot standby scenarios as part of disaster recovery management during planned and unplanned maintenance  ? Experience in patching and upgrading mission critical PROD oracle database with Datagaurd setup (Rolling upgrades) to minimize down time on Prod systems  ? Implementation of Oracle Backup and Recovery strategies in Data guard and RAC environment using cronjob shell scripts as well as from OEM backups strategies included once a week Incremental level 0 full backups , daily incremental level 1 backups. Also implemented Change block tracking to speed backups  ? Implemented FLASHBACK features to handle efficient database point in time recovery in case of database corruption by adequately size up the value for DB_FLASHBACK_RETENTION_TARGET  ? Having hands on experience in Hot/Cold and logical Backup, Recovery, RMAN backup and recovery, Data Guard Broker, Disaster Recovery environment.  ? Experience in troubleshooting standby datagaurd lags and using incremental backups / achieve log registrations to catchup the standby database with achieve logs that have not been shipped and applied from PROD  ? Set up database cron jobs and use the Datagaurd broker to Monitor the Datagaurd set and eventually send out email alerts in case of any failures.  ? Performed tuning of Oracle Wait Events/Latches-Enqueues/Memory structures using Automatic shared memory management (ASMM), ASH and Buffer Cache Advisors Also, monitored and tuned using Stats pack, Automated Workload Repository (AWR) and Automatic Database Diagnostics Monitor (ADDM), SQL TUNING ADVISORS & SQL ACCESS ADVISOR etc.  ? Experience in monitoring troubleshooting database for locking, blocking, application connectivity issues reported by end users in tickets created from Jira Service now ticketing systems  ? In-depth understanding of Logical and Physical Design of Databases.  ? Experience implementing and administering database security by creating database users, schemas, roles, synonyms and managing privileges. Also involving in auditing database user activities, database table and column encryption (TDE) to keep the database compliance with SOX, PCI etc.  ? Involve ITops change review CAB meetings to discuss changes that needs to be implemented on database servers after approvals by the change advisory board.  ? Managing and creating Database objects, Storage Allocation, Table/Index segments, Rollback segments, Constraints, Database Access, Roles and Privileges.  ? Extensive knowledge of Oracle Architecture, SGA, PGA, Binary structure, Listener, TNS Names, SQL Net, V$ views, DBA views and Data modeling, Logical and Physical databases design using tools like SQL Developer, Erwin and Visio.  ? Proficient in managing Oracle Instance, database storage structure, schema objects.  ? Good experience in applying Patches (Patching), Critical Patch Update (CPU)/Patch Set Update (PSU) and One-off Patches using O-Patch and run installer, Quarterly patch on need and as per oracle recommendations.  ? Also experience in Upgrading and Migration of an PROD/DEV/TEST Oracle database server to higher ( oracle 11.2.0.4 to 12.2.0.1) using in place and side by side upgrades methods  ? Experience in troubleshooting errors reported by the application team post database upgrades  ? Experience in Real Application Clusters (RAC) setup, configuration and cluster interconnection with Automatic Storage Management (ASM), configured user log on load balancing and failover on RAC database for high availability.  ? Strong experience in migrating database from Non-ASM to ASM and Non-RAC to RAC.  ? Administered Oracle ASM disk groups (mirroring, compatibility) with Oracle ASM Configuration Assistant (ASMCA).  ? Performed Upgrade and Migration of Oracle databases from oracle 10g to 11g & 12c.  ? Support on day-to-day DBA activities.  ? Upgrading grid infrastructure from 10g to 11g/12c versions along with database upgrades.  ? Extensively implemented Data pump, conventional Export/Import (Oracle 11g, 10g) for migration and logical backup of database.  ? Working experience on Enterprise Manager Cloud Control 12c to monitor database performance and availability of various targets in database servers.  ? Used Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) 11g and 12C Grid Control for monitoring multiple database and notification of database alerts, and configured EM agents on multiple database servers.  ? Managing users and resources, controlling user privileges, roles and auditing.  ? Working closely with application teams and supporting on various performance and configuration issues on day-to-day basis.  ? Work as part of team in a 24/7 on call rotation to support Mission critical databases  ? Extensive knowledge in maintain Oracle Cluster ware using Srvctl, Crsctl, has, ocrconfig, cluvfy, Private IP, public IP, SCAN IP and Virtual IPs along with NAS and SAN for ASM storage.  ? Worked extensively in Performance Tuning at various levels including instance tuning, Query tuning, Database performance tuning. Experienced in performing Database related activities using GRID, Multitenant Architecture, OEM, Data Pump, SRVCTL, RMAN, SQL*Loader, datapump, Export, Import, PL/SQL, SQL*Plus, SVRMGR, SQL*Net/Net8, Listener, AGENT Tuning using explain plan, SQL Trace, AWR, ADDM, SGA tuning, Stats pack and tuning of initialization parameters.  ? Also willing to learn new Technology and be part of Team  ? Good experience in documentation and writing SOP Oracle Database Administrator FedEX - Baltimore, MD December 2014 to April 2017 Worked as part of a team DBA in a Project to upgrade/migrate over 70+ oracle database servers (VMs) running on oracle 10.2.0.5 and 11.2.0.3 database and Grid Infrastructure to Oracle 12c (Multitenant architecture) on Oracle Enterprise Linux 6 as part of a database consolidation effort.  ? Installation and Configuration of new Database from oracle 11g, 12c on different OS (Linux, Windows) both on Standalone servers and on RAC cluster.  ? Supporting multiple oracle database instances with many databases for production, development, test and staging purposes on Linux and Windows environments.  ? Handled daily PROD/DEV/UAT problems/change requests with Oracle such adding data files to existing tablespaces, creating new tablespaces, schema management, user creations, permission allocations and alert log monitoring  ? Thorough experience in database user security, administration and auditing this database users for database compliance (SOC, ISO2900, HIPPA, PCI etc)  ? Automate routine database support tasks  ? Performed hot and cold backup and recovery using RMAN and Unix/Linux Scripts and also used RMAN to back to third party Media Management layers ( Trivoli TSM/TDPO, Commvault  etc.)  ? Proficiency in backup and recovery procedures including RMAN techniques for database cloning using both active database duplication and RMAN backed up bases cloning  ? Applying oracle quarterly oracle PSU/CPU patches during scheduled downtime maintenance windows for all oracle databases servers.  ? Refreshing Dev and Test instances with data from Production on a regular basis using RMAN backups or Data pump export & import for database schema/tables refreshes  ? Manage and maintain oracle database instances running on AWS and AZURE clouds  ? Developed PL/SQL packages, DML, DDL, Oracle tables, Stored Procedures, functions, cursors, triggers and UNIX shell scripts.  ? Performed Zero Downtime Database Data Center Migration using Golden Gate and Data Guard.  ? Installed and configured OEM cloud control 12c for monitoring oracle database prod and preprod environments  ? Implemented Oracle ASM 12c software installation and configuration (Grid Infrastructure) and partitioning Disks in Linux using Oracle ASMLib Utility for managing ASM disk storage & Oracle 12c ASMCA.  ? Worked on ASM redundancy, Managing ASM disk failures & replace failed ASM disk with a new disk  ? Installed and configured Oracle 11g database on a test server using Oracle standard procedures and OFA, for performance testing and future 10g production implementation.  ? Implemented and managed optimum physical database design (table spaces, data files, extents, redo logs, archive logs) and assessed database capacity by monitoring online storage, growth and file system space, in adherence to the Optimal Flex Architecture  ? Provided instance level performance monitoring and tuning for Wait Events, Sessions, Physical and Logical IO, Memory &CPU Usage.  ? Extensive experience quarterly Backup and restore testing as well as DR testing as part of the Companies SLA's for RTO & RPO.  ? Recovered huge PROD Database (3 Terabyte) due to datafiles corruption caused by the OS.  ? Configuration database and making changes to databases init.ora or spfile parameters base on change request approvals for critical PROD databases  ? Troubleshoot database memory issues by making sure the SGA and PGA etc. are adequately sized up using the recommended parameter settings.  ? Configured Golden Gate components for unidirectional replications and maintain data synchronization.  ? Resolving latency gaps issues in uni-directional Golden Gate replication  ? Performed Zero Downtime Database Data Center Migration using Golden Gate and Data Guard.  ? Migrated oracle databases from on premise to MS Azure Cloud  ? Experience in setting up Oracle ASM storage for Oracle RAC databases.  ? Implemented Data Guard with high availability and performance configurations and participated in Data Guard Fail over tests.  ? Thorough knowledge in setting up infrastructure for databases in huge datacenters.  ? RMAN point in time recovery and Instance recovery done on 11g.  ? Performed oracle database migration from 11g to 12c from on premises to AWS cloud  ? Developed compliance reports and performed auditing at higher levels.  ? Scheduling repetitive activities like gathering schema statistics, exports, table space usage report using crontab.  ? Implemented Oracle ASM 12c software installation and configuration (Grid Infrastructure) and partitioning Disks in Linux.  ? Implemented Oracle 12c Multi-tenant RAC database with two node cluster and instances using ASM storage.  ? Worked on to take backup and restore cluster ware storage (Voting Disk, OCR Disk).  ? Troubleshooting of various database performances by proper diagnosis at all levels like SQL, PL/SQL, database design, database tables, indexes, Instance, memory, operating system and java calls.  ? Creation, Configuration and Setting up of RMAN Catalog databases and registering target Databases with the Catalog.  ? Worked closely with developers to provide solution and recommendation in optimizing their queries and also troubleshooting application related issues using different tools like AWR/ ASH/ HINTS/ OEM/ ADDM/ SQLPLUS/ TRACES/ EXPLAIN PLANS etc.  ? Experience in rebuilding and reorganizing tables indexes for database performance improvements.  ? Experience in managing database capacity planning, database monitoring using different tools like SOLARWINDS, NAGIOS, OEM and using scripts.  Environment: Oracle 11g &12c 64 bit, Windows server 2008/20012 64 bit, RHEL 6.5, 6.9, TOAD, , Commvault backup , Idera diagnostic manager, Jira Service Desk, OEM, RAC , DATAGAURD, Explain Plans, AWR, ASH, TRACES, GOLDEN GATE, Development Studio- SSIS, SSRS, Performance Monitor, Extended events, SQL profilers, Activity Monitor, Perfmon, Azure, Solar winds Skills ORACLE, SQL, LINUX, RED HAT, RMAN, HTML, XML, RDBMS, OEM, WINDOWS XP
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1116.html#132:::Systems Engineer/ Database Administrator;Software Engineer Intern;.net;C#;Docker;Git;Hadoop;1 Computer Skills: • Languages and Software: Python, C#, .NET, Java, MySQL, T-SQL, PL/SQL, HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, NodeJS, AWK, Angular JS, React JS, NoSQL, MongoDB, MarkLogic, XML, Shell Scripting, Hadoop, MapReduce, XQuery • Web Technologies: ASP.NET 4.5/4.0/3.5/3.0/2.0, ASP.NET MVC 5.0/4.0/3.0, ASP.NET Web Forms, Silverlight, 4.0/3.0, singlepageapplications(SPA), Ajax, .NetEntityFramework, Bootstrap, LINQ, Webservices, WebAPI, JQuery, JSON, AngularJS, HTML5, CSS, VBScript, XAML, XML, XDOCUMENT, XSLT, SAML, TPL, DLLs, PL- SQL, Mongo DB, Node JS, Azure, PCF, SSO services, XPATH, XSL. • Applications and Tools: Toad, Citrix, Git, GitHub, Selenium, Docker, Mainframe, Unix tools, Tableau, Hadoop, Informatica, ITIL platform tools, AWS, Data Studio, Cloud ML, SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS 2008/2005), Crystal Reports (2010/9/8.5/8), UML, Rational Rose, MS Visio;MVC;WCF;WPF;Angular;ASP:::Systems Engineer/ Database Administrator Systems Engineer/<span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Systems Engineer/ Database Administrator Chicago, IL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Systems Engineer/ Database Administrator Infosys - Pune, Maharashtra June 2015 to May 2017 Worked on Banking project of Union Bank of Switzerland (https://www.ubs.com/ ) to coordinate and perform mass data changes by developing queries to solve data related discrepancies and assist the business  to perform mass changes quickly using SQL. Also experienced in design, development, coding and testing  of business/commercial applications mostly in C#, VB.Net, ASP.Net, Visual Basic, ASP, ADO.Net, SOAP, Web Services, WCF Services, UML, SQL Server2000/2005/2008, .NET Framework 2.0/3.5/4.0/4.5.  ? Proficient in a wide range of Internet/Intranet, Web, Ecommerce, Client/Server technologies like XML/XSLT, .Net Framework, CLR, using XML in .Net, C#, VB .Net, ASP .Net, .Net Security, WCF  Services, WWF, ADO.Net, COM/DCOM, MTS/COM+, SOAP and scripting using VB Script, JavaScript and JQuery, JSON, MS Visio, Word, Excel.  ? Extensive Experience in Working with ADO.NET, LINQ, LINQ TO SQL, LINQ to Entities, Entity  Framework.  ? Having of experience in AngularJS and used features like Services, Filters, Directives, and Routing.  ? Experience in working with HTML 4/5, CSS 2/3, JQuery, Bootstrap, Responsive Web Design, JavaScript, AJAX and JSON.  ? Experience in building and consuming ASP.NET Web APIs and WCF Services.  ? Developed distributed applications using Web Services, WCF services, RESTful Services.  ? Expertise in using Data Binding Controls (Dataset, Data Reader, Data Adapter, Grid View) Software Engineer Intern Reliance Industries Limited June 2014 to July 2014 • Designed a 'Library Management Portal' which recorded the inventory, issue and return of books of a university library utilizing HTML, JavaScript and SQL.  • Developed stored procedures using SQL Server 2000.  • Involved in Coding web forms using ASP.NET, C#, Java Script.  • Created Business Layer/Data Access Layer using C#, SQL Server 2000, ADO.NET.  • Environment: Visual Studio 2012, ASP.NET, jQuery, C#, SQL Server 2012, HTML, JavaScript, ADO.NET, IIS Education Master of Science in Computer Science University of Illinois at Chicago - Chicago, IL August 2017 to May 2019 Bachelor of Technology in Computer Engineering Sardar Vallabhbhai National Institute of Technology August 2011 to June 2015 Skills .net, C#, Docker, Git, Hadoop, 1 Computer Skills: • Languages and Software: Python, C#, .NET, Java, MySQL, T-SQL, PL/SQL, HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, NodeJS, AWK, Angular JS, React JS, NoSQL, MongoDB, MarkLogic, XML, Shell Scripting, Hadoop, MapReduce, XQuery • Web Technologies: ASP.NET 4.5/4.0/3.5/3.0/2.0, ASP.NET MVC 5.0/4.0/3.0, ASP.NET Web Forms, Silverlight, 4.0/3.0, singlepageapplications(SPA), Ajax, .NetEntityFramework, Bootstrap, LINQ, Webservices, WebAPI, JQuery, JSON, AngularJS, HTML5, CSS, VBScript, XAML, XML, XDOCUMENT, XSLT, SAML, TPL, DLLs, PL- SQL, Mongo DB, Node JS, Azure, PCF, SSO services, XPATH, XSL. • Applications and Tools: Toad, Citrix, Git, GitHub, Selenium, Docker, Mainframe, Unix tools, Tableau, Hadoop, Informatica, ITIL platform tools, AWS, Data Studio, Cloud ML, SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS 2008/2005), Crystal Reports (2010/9/8.5/8), UML, Rational Rose, MS Visio, MVC, WCF, WPF, Angular, ASP Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/kruneet-patel-6bba40133 https://github.com/Kruneet
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1117.html#133:::Oracle Database Administrator;Systems Engineer;Oracle Database Administrator:::Job Seeker • Having 2+ years of experience in Oracle Golden Gate    • Strong communication, collaboration & team building skills with proficiency at grasping new technical concepts quickly and utilize the same in a productive manner. Work Experience TCS November 2017 to Present Oracle Database Administrator TCS November 2017 to Present Position Oracle Database Administrator (Golden Gate - L3)    Responsibilities  • Providing L1/L2 and L3 production support for oracle golden gate replications  • Creating basic Perl scripts as part of automations.  • Managing and administering oracle golden gate process, CR implementation for the production changes, working with Oracle on SRs for critical issues  • Setup and Installation of Oracle Golden Gate for multiple databases.  • Support GG Replications End to End for Prod and Non-Prod Databases.  • Supporting refresh/cloning activity from prod to non-prod environment.  • Troubleshooting and performance tuning golden gate replications.  • Configure error handling for restart, logging, production support and status reporting in GG.  • Investigate Replication failures using Log dump utility.  • Working with project management team to plan release activities.  • Working closely with multiple teams and providing golden gate solutions as and when needed.  • Supporting for Cisco continuous delivery across multiple environments.  • Supporting clients for automation activities.  • Supporting for cisco quarterly and monthly Project releases.  • Supporting migrations of batch/near real-time-to-real-time replication. Systems Engineer TCS - Bangalore, KARNATAKA, IN October 2015 to Present TCS July 2016 to November 2017 Oracle Database Administrator TCS July 2016 to November 2017 Golden Gate - L1/L2) Education B.tech. in Electrical and Electronics Engineering G. Pulla Reddy Engineering College - Kurnool, ANDHRA PRADESH, IN Additional Information Technical Skills:    Operating System: Windows XP/8/10, UNIX  Programing Languages: Oracle, SQL, PL/SQL, Perl and Python basics  Tools Used: Remedy Ticketing Tool
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1118.html#134:::Project Leader, Erbil, Iraq;IBM Maximo 7.6 - Database Administrator:::Project Leader, Erbil, Iraq Project Leader, Erbil, Iraq Project Leader, Erbil, Iraq - KELLOGG, BROWN & ROOT Peoria PROJECT MANAGEMENT  Leadership in the planning and management of complex projects  Summary: Experienced and exceptional Project Leader who excels at project team motivation and leadership. Brings seven years  of successful experience meeting project objectives and goals. Has a Bachelor's Degree in Project Management and the skills to bring  project goals into reality by facilitating and supporting cross-functional activities. Ability to achieve forecasts based on bottom-up  analysis and historical trends by facilitating the assurance of contractual and regulatory compliance, organizational policies and  project scope that achieved the project objectives by ensuring the optimization of the stakeholder's demands were met.    PROFESSIONAL PROFILE  • Efficiently synthesized project information by accurately establishing the project scope, setting project costs, achieving  productivity benchmarks, and successfully managed budgets up to $30 million dollars.  • Developed good working relationships with stakeholders at all levels to build consensus by effectively leading and  coordinating project teams by integrating cross-functional project management concepts, methods, and practices.  • Solved critical issues in a time-sensitive environment by leveraging proven quality assurance, risk, change, and project  management skills, including forward-thinking, leadership, accountability, flexibility, ability to focus under pressure and  respect for diverse perspectives.  • Project Management - experienced in leading multi-disciplined teams that are client-focused, impactful and decisive.  • Strong Communication Skills - combines an approachable style and in-depth knowledge of methods that instill confidence  in others to get the job done on schedule and safely.  • Effective Team Leadership - employs patience and perseverance, adapting to cultural differences and maximizing team  contributions.    CORE PROFICIENCIES  Continuous Process Improvement Monitors and tracks progress  Terrific interpersonal skills Able to make tough decisions  Able to see the project vision Excellent problem-solving abilities  Motivates project members toward project objectives Team Leadership & Motivation  Consults regularly with Senior Leadership Asset Management Work Experience Project Leader, Erbil, Iraq KELLOGG, BROWN & ROOT - Houston, TX June 2018 to Present HOUSTON, TX • JUNE 2018 - Global construction, engineering, and Services Company that supports clientele within energy, petrochemicals,  government services, and civil infrastructure sectors.  Project Leader, Erbil, Iraq    • Assembled project teams, assigned individual responsibilities, developed project schedules and maintained  responsibility for determining and acquiring needed resources. Ensured quality contributions and milestones  were achieved, monitored progress, tracked task-completion through critical and analytical thinking and conducting trend analysis. Developed technical reports, made recommendations while fostering a partnership with the US Government and corporate stakeholders to implement recommended solutions.    • Held regular team meetings, solved complex problems and ensured project objectives and deliverables were  met. Incorporated the project big picture by obtaining the buy-in utilizing the tools of developing a partnership through growth and development, procurement, policy corroboration, customer satisfaction, mentorship,  coaching, conflict resolution, leadership, effective communication, and team collaboration.    • Demonstrated strong capabilities to provide expertise in the entire scope of multiple projects while serving as a liaison between team members and functional area management teams. Ability to align needed subject matter  experts to identified requirements across multiple project functions, perform gap analysis, develop project  teams that ensured high levels of motivation, group collaboration that met the targeted goals.  Personal and Confidential    • Made tough decisions when necessary that assured contractual and regulatory compliance. Protected the company's bottom-line at all times.    - Contributed to managing the quality management program through joint collaboration leading the improvement efforts of the customer journey by developing and employing quality oversight techniques, quality  training, statistical methods, assessments, and other quality tools. Contributed to the implementation of performance evaluations and prediction methods to improve the safety, reliability, and maintainability of  product systems and services.    - Ensured work condition requirements were met by leading audit/inspection reports and making  recommendations/presentations to management for corrective/preventive and continuous improvement  actions.    - Aligned quality management functions with product/service performance needs to ensure that product/service  lines deliver value to the customer. Facilitated, analyzed and solved complex problems requiring detailed  knowledge of field and value-added practices. IBM Maximo 7.6 - Database Administrator Michael Baker International August 2015 to November 2016 is a leading provider of engineering, global services, intelligence, and technology solutions.  IBM Maximo 7.6 - Database Administrator- Balad, Iraq  - Obtained specific/accurate material line item details through Maximo verification measuring and researching  buying specifications to accurately identify product details. Utilization of current materials inventory list to segregate and group material line items into categories according to their assumed functions and apply suitable  commodity groups and codes to material line items.    - Applied new multi-functional unique material reference numbers to each material line item according to a predefined process. Standardized all material item descriptions in a logical sequence using a noun, modifier, and  attributes ensuring relevant technical information is accurate. Responsible for ensuring that all identified  material line items are thoroughly reviewed with existing materials to avoid duplicate entries.    - Familiarized in barcoding software and assist materials inventory team with making new bin location labels.  Prepared catalog spreadsheets in excel format with images in a standardized format. Loaded completed catalog  data and images in Maximo 7.6 for use with materials and asset management inventory. Education Doctorate of Behavioral Health in Behavioral Health Arizona State University Bachelor of Science in Business Administration in Project Management Purdue University Awards Honor Graduate 2018-01 Summa Cum Laude  Purdue University Certifications/Licenses Lean Six Sigma Black Belt July 2013 to Present PMP March 2013 to Present
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1119.html#135:::Business Intelligence Analyst Intern;Techno - Functional Consultant;Database Administrator Intern;DATABASE (2 years);SAP ERP (2 years);ORACLE ERP (2 years);SQL (4 years);PL/SQL (4 years);R (1 year);Tableau (1 year);Micro Strategy (1 year);Scrum (2 years);Excel (4 years);MySQL (4 years);BI (2 years);OBIEE (2 years);Hadoop (1 year);Microsoft Access (6 years):::Business Intelligence Analyst Intern Business Intelligence Analyst Intern Business Intelligence/ Business Analyst/ Data Analyst/ Data Engineer Dallas, TX Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Business Intelligence Analyst Intern 3M HIS - Troy, NY May 2017 to Present • Collaborate with business users and IT teams, analyze requirements and communicate business rules.  • Work on the data issues to enhance the performance of reports and dashboards.  • Design dashboards using Micro Strategy to utilize data to get insights into Healthcare Industry to reduce healthcare costs to clients.  • Modify base dashboards and reports for Self Service Module in Informed Analytics as per the requirements of the healthcare clients. Techno - Functional Consultant Hitachi Consulting - Hyderabad, ANDHRA PRADESH, IN September 2014 to July 2016 • Received Sparkle Award for reengineering Oracle ERP Standard Processes which helped client to reduce the manual work by 50%  • Spearheaded the documentation of Client Business Process by coordinating with client for gathering detailed functional and technical requirements which resulted in improved status reporting and tracking  • Increased customer satisfaction by 30% by providing effective problem resolution training for new college graduates in a 6-month period. Also, created training manuals that were used by Hitachi for Audit Purposes  • Assisted Client in tracking business performance and making significant business decisions by creating monthly and quarterly reports and dashboards for budget databases Database Administrator Intern IBM - Chandigarh, Chandigarh May 2013 to August 2015 Ensured database protection and recovery during disasters by implementing Dataguard and creating stand alone database.    • Designed tables, views and stored procedures for efficient data storage and management of Airtel Database. Education M.S. in Business Analytics University of Texas at Dallas - Dallas, TX August 2016 to Present Bachelors of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering Kurukshetra University - Kurukshetra, HARYANA, IN June 2014 Skills DATABASE (2 years), SAP ERP (2 years), ORACLE ERP (2 years), SQL (4 years), PL/SQL (4 years), R (1 year), Tableau (1 year), Micro Strategy (1 year), Scrum (2 years), Excel (4 years), MySQL (4 years), BI (2 years), OBIEE (2 years), Hadoop (1 year), Microsoft Access (6 years) Links https://linkedin.com/in/kamalpreet09 Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Languages: SQL, PL/SQL, VBA, R, SAS, Python, Hive, Sqoop  Tools: Tableau, Rattle, SAS Data Miner, JIRA, Oracle ERP, OBIEE, BI Publisher, Micro strategy, Visio, MS Office Suite  Database: Oracle, DB2, SQL Server, MySQL, SQL *Plus, SQL lite, NoSQL
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\112.html#136:::DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR;SQL- DBA;JUNIOR DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR;DATABASE (5 years);DATABASES (5 years);SQL (5 years);MS SQL SERVER (4 years);SQL SERVER (4 years);SECURITY (3 years);DISASTER RECOVERY (2 years);REPLICATION (2 years);DATABASE ADMINISTRATION (2 years);PERFORMANCE TUNING (2 years);PROBLEM SOLVING (2 years);BACKUP/RECOVERY (Less than 1 year);CAPACITY PLANNING (Less than 1 year);CLUSTERING (Less than 1 year);MAINTENANCE (Less than 1 year);SWITCH CAPACITY (Less than 1 year);WINDOWS SERVER 2008 (Less than 1 year):::DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR <span class="hl">DATABASE</span> <span class="hl">ADMINISTRATOR</span> DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR - Nalley Atlanta, GA Detail oriented and result driven Database Administration professional with 5 years of hands on MS SQL knowledge. Work Experience DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR Nalley - Union City, GA 2017 to Present • Worked on migration from SQL Server 2008 to SQL Server 2014.  • Proficient with SQL Enterprise Manager, SQL Query Analyzer, scheduling jobs with SQL Server Agent, and SQL Profiler.  • Communicated problems and issues to business owners and management.  • Verify backups and error logs on the servers and troubleshoot any failures or alerts, open trouble tickets if necessary to work with technicians from other departments.  • Work with end users to define, implement, and maintain their reporting requirements.  • Disaster Recovery, stored procedures and triggers.  • Designed the backups and recovery strategies for SQL Server databases to meet our clients' requirements. potential clients on the internet and get traffic for the dealership.  • Managed and Implemented high availability on the various servers using Replication.  • Monitored the complete environment for resource utilizations and to avoid any bottlenecks.  • Configured data transformation services and Bulk Loads with SSIS and BULK INSERT ETL operations  • Responsible for fine tuning of the database, troubleshooting, user administration, memory management, and running DBCC (Rebuilding Indexes and fine tuning Stored Procedures).  • Tuned various SQL Server databases for better performance.  • Configured and setup table compression in multiply production environments to improve performance.  • Setup and configured automated deployment via TeamCity and Octopus.  • Upgraded SSIS packages from 2008/2008R2 to 2012 and 2012 to 2014.  • Previewed SQL Server 2016 High Availability features such as AlwaysON.  • Created and maintained various logins and managed security based on the required access.  • 24 X 7 Production Database on Call Support SQL- DBA AutoNation - Atlanta, GA 2015 to 2017 • Performance Tuning and Optimization.  • Troubleshooting and Problem Solving Microsoft SQL Server Issues.  • Designed and maintained project databases using SQL Server 2008 & 2012; ensured accuracy of information and automated numerous functions.  • Managed 20+ SQL Servers, from 200GB servers to a 2 terabyte.  • Configuring, administering and maintaining Database Mirroring.  • Performance monitoring and tuning by implementing efficient schemas, Optimizing queries, Tuning indexes and Database Consistency Checks using DBCC Utilities.  • Experience in database backups/restoration and recovery of NT server/SQL Servers and Upgrades.  • Estimated disk storage requirements for database software, database files & database administration needs.  • Participated in meetings impacting databases physical design.  • Database recoveries as per requirements.  • Escalated database issues to appropriate approvers (if applicable).  • Proven ability to handle Database of more than 1TB in Size.  • Successful data center migration of multiple production databases SQL 2008/2012.  • Extensively used tools like SQL Profiler, Index Tuning Wizard, and Database Engine tuning wizard.  • Third party tools - RedGate-monitoring, Iderabackuptool-LiteSpeed.  • Very good communication skills, good interpersonal skills & desire to excel, fast learner, hardworking and a versatile team player. JUNIOR DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR Pacific System, INC - McDonough, GA 2014 to 2015 • Worked with other DBAs to manage, monitor, and tune database servers.  • Performed upgrades and installations after hours.  • Provided support for team, nightly ETL process.  • Reported failures during scheduled runs.  • Secure MS SQL databases.  • Assist in OS security. Education Business Management & Information Technology CAPELLA UNIVERSITY 2014 to Present MBA in Human Resource Management AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL UNIVERSITY 2005 BA in Political Science INDIANA UNIVERSITY 2002 Skills DATABASE (5 years), DATABASES (5 years), SQL (5 years), MS SQL SERVER (4 years), SQL SERVER (4 years), SECURITY (3 years), DISASTER RECOVERY (2 years), REPLICATION (2 years), DATABASE ADMINISTRATION (2 years), PERFORMANCE TUNING (2 years), PROBLEM SOLVING (2 years), BACKUP/RECOVERY (Less than 1 year), CAPACITY PLANNING (Less than 1 year), CLUSTERING (Less than 1 year), MAINTENANCE (Less than 1 year), SWITCH CAPACITY (Less than 1 year), WINDOWS SERVER 2008 (Less than 1 year) Additional Information SKILLS/HIGHLIGHTS    ? Backup and Recovery ? Failover Cluster Manager  ? Transactional Replication ? Support Work  ? High Availability ? Always On  • Database Tuning Advisor ? Disaster Recovery    • Performance Tuning.  • On demand support.  • Maintain failover clustering.  • Knowledge of Scaled Agile Framework (SAFE).  • SQL server in a clustered environment.  • Maintenance and tuning of small to very large databases.  • Troubleshooting and Problem solving SQL server database issues.  • Administration of SQL Server Database Security environments using Profiles, database.  • Ensuring the technical integrity of corporate databases by protecting against the loss or misuse of information, and designating backup/recovery strategies.  • Database administration including installation, configuration, upgrades, capacity planning, performance tuning, backup and recovery in managing clusters of SQL servers.    TECHNICAL SKILLS;    • Windows Server 2008/2008R2/2012  • SQL Server: 2008, 2008R2, 2012, 2014, 2016  • Tools: Redgate SQL Monitor and SQL Compare, Idera, etc.  *Technical skills can be expanded as necessary.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1120.html#137:::Data Analyst;Research Assistant;Database Administrator, DBA, Internship;MICROSOFT PROJECT (Less than 1 year);MS Project (Less than 1 year);SAS (3 years);SPSS (1 year);Python (2 years):::Data Analyst Data Analyst Research Assistant - Stevens Institute of Technology Honolulu, HI Hands on experience and academically trained for both financial analysis and data analysis. Work Experience Data Analyst Hawai'i Pacific University - Honolulu, HI July 2019 to Present Research Assistant Stevens Institute of Technology - Hoboken, NJ February 2017 to Present ? Responsibilities include: Developing SAS programs that automatically generated a weekly student census report. This effort resulted in a weekly report that allowed management to better and more efficient to know institutional information.   ? Using SAS Visual Analytics & Tableau in designing annual reports that detailed critical vital statistics for the school senior management staff. This also allowed the senior management staff to focus their marketing strategy for the greatest alumni donation and relationship management.   ? Performing data process to manipulate the data, preparing the data warehouse by designing the workflow by the ETL tools (SAS Enterprise Guide and SSIS) including filtering noisy information, reformatting value, validating data.   ? Collecting information from both Static and Dynamic website by using Python, preparing the valued data for the methodology testing and data mapping.        Database Administrator, DBA, Internship Lexian Software Development LLC - Shanghai, CN July 2016 to September 2016 Responsibilities include:  • Created and developed a SQL program in to organize, statically verify and identify user accounts that are distressed or exhibited unusual behavior into a summarized report. This allowed management to take immediate action against those accounts potentially saving money by limiting losses or liabilities by shutting down those accounts and performing recovery efforts.  • Designed the workflow diagram for use by the individual departments to upload their respective data to be analyzed. Efficiency was created by streamlining the compiling efforts. Education Master of Science in Information System GABELLI SCHOOL OF BUSINESS at FORDHAM UNIVERSITY - New York, NY December 2016 Bachelor of Science in Financial Management SCHOOL OF MANAGEMENT at SHANGHAI UNIVERSITY OF ENGINEERING SCIENCE Shanghai June 2015 Skills MICROSOFT PROJECT (Less than 1 year), MS Project (Less than 1 year), SAS (3 years), SPSS (1 year), Python (2 years) Certifications/Licenses SAS Certified Base Programmer for SAS 9 October 2016 to Present SAS Certified Advanced Programmer for SAS 9 October 2016 to Present SAS Certified Statistical Business Analyst Using SAS 9: Regression and Modeling October 2017 to Present Sports Industry Essentials January 2018 to Present CAREERS IN SPORTS MANAGEMENT | GLOBAL EXPANSION OF SPORTS | SPORTS ANALYTICS AND BIG DATA SPORTS AND DIGITAL MEDIA | SPORTS EVENT MANAGEMENT | THE FUTURE OF SPORTS Additional Information SQL Query, SAS 9.4, SAS Enterprise guide, SAS Visual Analytics, Tableau,Python
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1121.html#138:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Product Specialist /Junior DBA;SERVER;DBA;Oracle Dba;Oracle;Linux;Windows;RMAN;GoldenGate;Oracle Support;OEM;Oracle Streams;Oracle DataGuard;Oracle Active DataGuard;Datapump Export/Import;Oracle ODA;ServiceNow;BMC Remedy;Xabbix;SolarWinds;BigBrother;Postgresql;MYSQL;Sql Server;RAC:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - Remote Database Experts (RDX) White Oak, PA Actively seeking advancement in my IT professional career in hopes of future management roles. Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Remote Database Experts (RDX) August 2018 to Present Manage Oracle Database tickets for RDX's supported clients. Perform database recovery, restores, refreshes, migrations, maintenance, data reorganizations, performance tuning, setup database backup strategies, setup disaster recovery options, RDBMS/GI RAC installations, and various other Oracle Database administration activities and implementations. Ensure individual clients' database systems meet expectations for security and functional design requirements. Oracle Product Specialist /Junior DBA Remote Database Experts (RDX) March 2016 to August 2018 Monitored client database environments, reacted to alerts spawned from Big Brother, Solarwinds, Remedy, ServiceNow, OEM monitoring setups, troubleshooted and diagnosed issues seen in client environments which included Oracle, MSSQL, PostgresSQL, MySQL, DB2, and Oracle APPS database software. Highest Tier Position in the Database Operations Center which included duties in overseeing all lower Tiers in Database Operations Center and being the escalation point for complicated issues regarding Oracle Databases. Preformed Junior Oracle DBA Tasks in client environments and completed Oracle DBA training in order to be promoted as Oracle DBA. SERVER THE GRAND CONCOURSE July 2015 to March 2016 High end waiter. Duties included waiting and serving on guests, providing them with five star service as well as attending to their every need. Education BACHELOR OF SCIENCE in Molecular Biology WEST VIRGINIA WESLEYAN COLLEGE May 2015 Skills DBA, Oracle Dba, Oracle, Linux, Windows, RMAN, GoldenGate, Oracle Support, OEM, Oracle Streams, Oracle DataGuard, Oracle Active DataGuard, Datapump Export/Import, Oracle ODA, ServiceNow, BMC Remedy, Xabbix, SolarWinds, BigBrother, Postgresql, MYSQL, Sql Server, RAC
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1122.html#139:::Scrum Master;MD;Oracle Database Administrator:::Scrum Master Scrum Master Scrum Master - Dell Inc A lean Agile change agent and experience Scrum Master with over 4 years plus of hands-on experience working with teams and leading organizations in lean Agile transformation. Expert in facilitating, mentoring, coaching and ability to motivate, lead, and organize Scrum teams in delivering high quality valuable software in the shortest sustainable lead time. Ability to work in a fast-paced, and other robust environments, with outstanding communication skills.    • Excellent facilitator, Servant leader and team player  • Expert in leading and demonstrating the values of Agile principles.  • Outstanding written and oral communication skills with experience interacting with and coordinating multiple development teams.  • Management skills, including problem solving, critical thinking, and decision making  • Ability to react to change productively and positively in a fast-paced, fluid environment.  • Highly analytical and detail oriented.  • Ability to work independently and in a team-oriented environment. Work Experience Scrum Master Dell Inc August 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Work closely with multiple Scrum Masters, teams, and Product Owners to ensure execution of scaled Agile consistent with the Enterprise Business Delivery Model  • Guiding teams on how to get the most out of self organization  • Building a trusting and safe environment where problems can be raised without fear of blame, retribution, or judgment, with an emphasis on learning and problem solving  • Guide teams to focus on value driven development  • Supports team building and team development by utilizing the abilities and skills of individuals, and fostering a feedback culture  • Facilitates Agile team for scope grooming, estimation and planning activities to ensure teams approach will deliver desired business value  • Removing impediments to sprint work, and shielding teams from outside distractions and resource demands  • Fosters normalized estimating within the team  • Helps teams operate under architectural and portfolio governance, system level integration, and system Demos  • Assist RTE in PI readiness and PI planning  • Help teams write smart Team PI and Stretch objectives  • Challenge the team to exceed their previous accomplishments  • Assisting with internal and external communication and improving transparency  • Create a transparent team environment by providing visibility on team metrics, successes, improvements, challenges, and opportunities to the stakeholders and management  • Supporting and educating the Product owner, especially with respect to grooming, prioritization and maintaining healthy product backlogs  • Facilitating scrum activities including sprint planning, retrospectives, and daily stand-ups  • Enacting change & continuous improvement to increase the productivity of the team and quality of deliverables  • Protect the Sprint Backlog from scope creep  Tools: Jira, confluence, SharePoint, MD Wells Fargo May 2017 to July 2018 Scrum Master  Responsibilities:  • Participate in the planning and coordination of our Scrum of Scrums  • Ensure the teams are internalizing the core Agile values/principles and other best practices maturing in self-organization, collaboration, business prioritization, team accountability, and transparency, toward the consistent delivery of working product  • Expose teams to innovative thinking and bring ideas from the Agile community to increase agility, leveraging other Agile thinking  • Assist the Product Owner in maintaining a healthy backlog by consistently grooming and prioritizing the backlog  • Facilitating sprint planning and ensuring team have all information needed to size user Story writing with good Acceptance Criteria  • Assist the team with making appropriate commitments through relative backlog sizing, sprint story selection, task definition  • Facilitate the removal of impediments.  • Facilitate discussion and conflict resolution  • Shield and improve team dynamics  • Facilitate all Scrum events, including Sprint Planning, daily Scrum Meetings, Sprint Reviews, and Sprint Retrospectives  • Manage team schedule to ensure all team member vacation days and company holidays are factored in capacity allocation  • Collaborating with other teams in the Agile Release train to manage cross dependencies  • Foster adoption of Safe values and principles  • Assist PO in preparing and refining the backlog for PI and iteration planning  • Coordinate with other scrum masters, the system Team and shared services in the ART PI planning events  • Coordinate with other Scrum Masters and Release Train and Engineer in the scrum of scrums  • Help Product Owner with prioritization, risk management, and scope Lead working session meetings to discuss scope, schedule and requirements with product owners  • Improve team performance by coaching them on various agile techniques such as Automated Testing, Continuous Integration, Continuous Delivery, and Manage product quality  • Work with stakeholders to accurately report progress, risks, successes, and failures  • Maintain a close working relationship with the product owner, scrum team and other stake holders  • Foster collaboration and communication between team members on technical issues, on process improvements, and in addressing and escalating project  Tools: Jira, confluence, SharePoint, Oracle Database Administrator Sprint - Overland Park, KS January 2015 to April 2016 Responsibilities:  • Install oracle database software 9.2.0.1, 10.2.0.1 and 11.1.0.6.0 using oracle universal installer on development, test and production server for their claim, policy and online applications in IBM AIX 5.3 environment.  • Install OEM grid control that includes oracle agent, management repository and management service on VMware Red Hat Linux virtual machine. Install agents on various AIX database servers.  • Upgrade software and databases from 9.2.0.1 to 9.2.0.6, 10.2.0.1 to 10.2.0.3, 9.2.0.6 to 10.2.0.3 and 10.2.0.3 to 11.1.0.6.0 on development; test and production databases on AIX database servers. Apply patch set to upgrade software and use database upgrade assistant, export/ import and manual scripts to upgrade databases.  • Migration of full 9.2.0.6 databases, schemas those are on Linux environment into AIX, 10.2.0.3 database environment using export/import and data pump utility.  • Create development, test and production databases using database configuration assistant- DBCA, manual scripts and sqlplus using Automatic storage management- ASM.  • Database performance tuning using AWR, ADDM, ASH, sql tuning advisor, explain plan, statistics, blocking sessions, STATSPACK, TKPROF, sql query restructure and sql trace.  • Schedule cronjob for daily night hot/online backup of production databases on tape using RMAN scripts.  • Refresh or restore development, test and reporting databases from production database backup using RMAN scripts or export/ Import and data pump utility.  • Schedule a cronjob and create lots of shell script in Unix environment like backup and restore of databases, update statistics, export and import of tables, log file maintenance, cleanup archive logs, startup and shutdown databases, email logs and alert to users, mount point space check, tablespace size check and business related activity like automatic bill payment, check generation, bill generation and many more.  • Created physical standby database on remote server to provide high availability.    Environment: RMAN, OEM, SQL*Loader, EXP, IMP, Data pump, Oracle 9i/10g, AIX 5.1, 5.2, 5.3 Additional Information Technical Skills  Operating Systems HP-UX 10.x, 11.x. Sun Solaris 2.5, 2.6, 8, 9, 10.AIX 5.1, 5.2, 5.3, 6.1RHEL 2.1, 3.x, 4.x, 5.x.Linux Enterprise Server 9, 10.Windows 95/98/NT/2000.  RDBMS Oracle 9i/10g&11g  Tools & Utilities RMAN, OEM, SQL*Loader, EXP, IMP, Data pump, TOAD, Oracle SQL Develop, Jira, confluence, SharePoint, zephyr  Tuning Tools TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN, STATSPACK, AWR, and ADDM.  Languages SQL, PL/SQL, C, C++, UNIX Shell Scripting, PERL.  Others Remedy, ConnectWise.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1123.html#140:::Security Operation Center (SOC) Analyst;Operational Support Database Administrator;FIREWALLS;NETWORKING;REMEDY;TCP/IP;DLP;IDS;IPS;NESSUS;SPLUNK;WIRESHARK;SECURITY;TCP;LINUX;SOLARIS;UNIX;OPEN SOURCE;JIRA;MS OFFICE;SYMANTEC;EXCEL:::Security Operation Center (SOC) Analyst Security Operation Center (SOC) Analyst Security Operation Center (SOC) Analyst - Datalogic Solutions Inc New Carrollton, MD Work Experience Security Operation Center (SOC) Analyst Datalogic Solutions Inc March 2017 to Present Duties included:  • Perform Incident response to investigate & resolve network and system security incidents.  • Monitor & analyze network traffic from Intrusion detections (IDS) tools, such Splunk Express and Cisco Sourcefire.  • Analyze a variety of network and host-based security appliance logs (Firewalls, NIDS, HIDS, Sys Logs, etc.) to determine the correct remediation actions and escalation paths for each incident.  • Review and process Accidental Disclosure requests following Standard Operating Procedures.  • Create SOPs for new SIEM Tools and event monitoring.  • Compose security alert notification and other communications.  • Prioritize and differentiate between potential intrusion attempts & false alarm.  • Develop follow up action plans to resolve reportable issues and communicate with the other analyst to address security threats and Incidents.  • Create incident tickets, log incidents and requests.  • Contribute to security strategy and security posture by identifying security gaps, evaluate and implement enhancements.  • Assist with the development of processes and procedures to improve incident response times, analysis of incident, and overall SOC functions.  • Provide Incident Response (IR) support when analysis confirms actionable incident.  • Strong working knowledge of network security monitoring and incident response, as well as superior written and technical communications skills  • Process, vet and block IOCs as needed using Cygwin 64 tool Operational Support Database Administrator Think Tech Consulting March 2015 to March 2018 Duties included:  • Provided physical and logical database support as needed for all the Applications specified by Client.  • Identified and evaluated design considerations, propose design best practices, perform database code reviews and propose performance changes.  • Led database issues until resolution. Serve as a liaison between the applicable third party vendor technical support team and Client if a problem case is submitted to the third party vendor.  • Coordinated with Application teams or other teams to resolve database issues even though the issues are not directly related to the databases.  • Performed database housekeeping designed to ensure that the databases are functioning optimally and securely.  • Maintained compliance with Client Standards and Client Rules, including those related to the databases (e.g. access management, direct grant, db links, etc.).  • Performed performance tuning and/or stress testing in the non-production environment for application releases as necessary to ensure database infrastructure is configured optimally.  • Provided after business hours and weekend support in Client's production and contingency environments in accordance with the applicable Application release schedules. In addition, provided on-demand support for the lower environments as requested by Client  • Maintained the databases to meet performance standards, maximize efficiency, and minimize outages  • Monitored database usage, transaction volumes, response times, and concurrency levels, and measure and report its performance against the applicable Service Levels.  • Generated reports based on the data in the databases and reports related to the performance and integrity of the databases.  • Developed/maintained/enhanced database monitoring scripts designed to ensure the stability, security, and performance of the database queries.  • Participated in production issues as requested by other support teams or the Enterprise Command Center. Provide periodic updates on production outages and slow response issues as each incident occurs.  • Performed database shutdowns and restarts, troubleshooting, and database recovery.  • Generated performance reports (e.g., Oracle AWR report, etc.) as required for database troubleshooting.  • Performed system/parameter changes, reorganizations and update/gather statistics to optimize performance when required.  • Documented all of the required artifacts in the tickets to comply with the Client-approved change/incident/problem management policies.  • Monitored Database refresh processes to ensure databases refresh with the latest backups  • Supported all application deployments, verify deployment artifacts from the Application Maintainers, verify the service code and execute scripts.  • Monitored day-to-day alerts and search for solutions promptly.  • Created, modified and deactivated user accounts; assigned and monitored user access rights Education Bachelor's Degree University Of Yaoundé Skills FIREWALLS, NETWORKING, REMEDY, TCP/IP, DLP, IDS, IPS, NESSUS, SPLUNK, WIRESHARK, SECURITY, TCP, LINUX, SOLARIS, UNIX, OPEN SOURCE, JIRA, MS OFFICE, SYMANTEC, EXCEL Certifications/Licenses Oracle Certified Associate 2015 Mongodb 2015 Scrum Master 2019
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1124.html#141:::Database Administrator (Current);Data Entry;Kitchen Helper;ACCESS (2 years);DATABASE (2 years);EXCEL (3 years);MICROSOFT WORD (8 years);POWERPOINT (8 years):::Database Administrator (Current) <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> (Current) Database Administrator Los Angeles, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Administrator (Current) The Midnight Mission - Los Angeles, CA April 2017 to Present Manage client data, coordinate multiple systems ensuring accuracy between them, reviewing entered information for accuracy, generation of daily status reports, review and correct compliance reports for government contracts, creation of dashboards for submission to our board, coordinate communications between departments, writing policies and procedures for data processes, assist with clerical tasks (filing, printing, form distribution) Data Entry The Midnight Mission - Los Angeles, CA November 2016 to April 2017 Entered data into Raiser's Edge Kitchen Helper Midnight Mission - Los Angeles, CA July 2016 to November 2016 601 S. San Pedro St, Los Angeles) Education Diploma Los Alamitos High School - Los Alamitos, CA 2009 Skills ACCESS (2 years), DATABASE (2 years), EXCEL (3 years), MICROSOFT WORD (8 years), POWERPOINT (8 years) Additional Information Skills    Great Verbal and Communication skills. Punctual, Friendly, Reliable, Flexible, Hardworking  Attention to detail, Problem Solver, Quick to adapt.    70wpm, Microsoft Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint. 10 key, Database Entry, Raiser's Edge, Clarity/hmis
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1125.html#142:::Office Administrator, Human Reasources;Research Assistant;Database Processor;Office 365;Front Office;Office Admin;Quickbooks;Bookkeeping;Front Desk:::Office Administrator, Human Reasources Office <span class="hl">Administrator</span>, Human Reasources Office Administrator, Human Reasources - Mitchell International Alpine, UT Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Office Administrator, Human Reasources Mitchell International August 2018 to Present Headed security measures for the office: created and vetted the annual security survey for over  3,000 employees, created badge reports, and reviewed security footage.  • Supervised and executed a week long educational conference for employees.  • Managed office functionality: implemented cost containment measures; created P.O.'s and contracts with vendors.  • Assisted with talent acquisition: Cordinated interviews with candidates, temporary agencies, and hiring managers.  Interviewed jumpstart candidates, onboarded new employees, and assisted with the employee exit process.  • Conducted Anti-Harassment training and tracking for over 600 people leaders.  • Researched and presented information regarding sick time policies.  • Planned and executed multiple events for over 100 employees. Research Assistant Human Performance Technologies April 2018 to August 2018 • Used Quickbooks to reconcile finances from build sites.  • Employed Excel and Powerpoint to organize data regarding research in the field.  • Researched and analyzed information pertaining to competitors and their curriculum.  • Part time basis. Utah State University July 2017 to August 2017 • Onsite examination and analysis of historical buildings and records.  • Scheduled housing, transportation, and events for 9 people in multiple foreign countries.    ACADEMIC AND COMMUNITY PROJECTS  • Assisted Special Olympics athletes with various sports and social skills (2015-17).  • Suprivised Mitchell Interntaional's Salt Lake City (m)Community Charity and arranged  multpile fundraising efforts and events (2018-Present).  • Chaired (m)Body, which hones in on employee wellness. Implemented wellness incentives  and introduced fitness opportunities and activities. (2018- Present). Database Processor Partners In Leadership - Logan, UT 2012 to 2015 Prestenter May 2016  • Presented research on Zegota to over a 100 peers and research professionals.    Collegiate WMD Conference Logan, UT  Prestenter May 2017  • Presented case study analysis to a member of the United State Committee of Weapons  of Mass Destruction. Education Bachelors of Arts in History Utah State University - Logan, UT 2017 Bachelors of Arts in International Studies Utah State University - Logan, UT 2017 Skills Office 365, Front Office, Office Admin, Quickbooks, Bookkeeping, Front Desk Certifications/Licenses Driver's License
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1126.html#143:::I.T. Support Technician;Software Eng Intern;IT Support Specialist;Database Administrator;Database;Mysql;Sql;Html;Javascript;Php;Python;Scripting;Bash;Css;Pdf;Database management;User experience;Help Desk;Desktop Support:::I.T. Support Technician I.T. Support Technician I.T. Support Technician - Ivy Tech Community College Kokomo, IN Work Experience I.T. Support Technician Ivy Tech Community College - Kokomo, IN July 2019 to Present Provide excellent customer service to both faculty and students in an effort to provide the best experience with computer technology. Troubleshoot and diagnose Network issues as well as applying updates and security patches in a timely manner. Software Eng Intern VR Systems - Tallahassee, FL January 2019 to June 2019 Frequently converted legacy software from an insecure, outdated method of accessing database through PHP and SQL to a best practices method using PHP and PDO Parameterization. IT Support Specialist Elections - Tallahassee, FL July 2018 to December 2018 Worked proficiently and proactively in a fast based environment where issues needed to be resolved immediately to expedite voting and provide a clean, comfortable environment for voters. Set up and designed networks on the fly with little to no notice and frequently fabricated network cables. Set up over 300 individual Evids (clerk voting stations) with network configurations for mobile hotspots and created scripts to expedite this to remove human error. Created custom, on demand software as needed to free up time and manpower for other, less tedious tasks of equal importance. Database Administrator United States Army - Fort Drum, NY 2013 to 2016 Monitored and maintained Aviation Battalion's maintenance server to include backing up, restoring, repairing errors and inputting and exporting information on request by superiors. In addition, was accountable for all of Aviation battalion's logbooks and laptops and frequently had to repair user error and hardware malfunctions. Education University of Maryland University College - Adelphi, MD 2017 to Present Web Design Course Lively Technical Center - Tallahassee, FL 2009 Skills Database, Mysql, Sql, Html, Javascript, Php, Python, Scripting, Bash, Css, Pdf, Database management, User experience, Help Desk, Desktop Support Military Service Branch: United States Army Rank: E4 Additional Information SKILLS  PHP: Adept and knowledgeable in PHP scripting for webpages. Frequently worked with, modified, and edited code created by others to improve functionality and security. In addition, assisted in created and developing multiple PHP Libraries to expedite the creation of new web applications and systems. Created Libraries and code for filling out acroform PDF documents with database supplied information to increase user experience on web sites.  HTML/CSS/JS: Skilled in HTML, CSS, and Javascript for adjusting the appearance of web applications and increasing ease of access to users as well as increasing their overall experience while using the applications.  Batch/Bash/Python Scripting: Passionate about creating and developing scripts to expedite and improve website feature creation and functionality as well as server management and optimizations.  Database Management: Knowledgeable in SQL as used on MySQL servers and Windows SQL Servers to be used on webpages in a secure fashion.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1127.html#144:::ServiceNow Trainee Analyst;Bookstore Associate;Lead Member of Group;Application Developer Intern;Oracle Database Administrator;Eclipse;Java;jquery;Android;Bootstrap;Html5;Xcode;Mysql;Oracle;Mongodb;.net;Visual studio;Api;C++;Javascript;Angular.js;Swift;Rest;Linux;Uml:::ServiceNow Trainee Analyst ServiceNow Trainee Analyst ServiceNow Trainee Analyst Work Experience ServiceNow Trainee Analyst Jade Global Inc March 2019 to March 2019 Certified on ITSM Pre-sales and Sales Specialization on ServiceNow Platform  • Certified System Administration on ServiceNow Platform  • Certified on Pre-sale module of ServiceNow Platform on Security Operations and HR Service Delivery.  • Certified on Sales module of ServiceNow Platform with HR Service Delivery.  • Experience working on Business rules, Server-side scripting, Client-side Scripting, UI Actions, UI Policy, SLAs, Notifications  Workflows, Surveys.  • Experience working on Service Portal Pages and Widgets  • Certified Implementation Specialist ITSM -Ongoing training  • Certified Implementation Specialist CSM -Ongoing training Bookstore Associate Barnes & Noble Inc - Houston, TX July 2017 to December 2018 • Specialized in Customer Service  • Excellent Interpersonal Communication  • Strong Product Knowledge and Understanding of Target Customers Lead Member of Group Google Vision API for Receipt OCR September 2018 to November 2018 Receipt Free Android Application Fall 2018  • Developing Android Mobile Application for business travelers to keep track of expenses using Google Vision API for Receipt OCR.  • Lead Member of Group Application Developer Intern ServiceNow Santa Clara CA - Santa Clara, CA June 2018 to August 2018 • Developed a widget on ServiceNow portal page  • Created and a Design a UI  • Enhanced Functionality on the Chatbot  • Developed Requirements and created workflows Oracle Database Administrator Focus Data Tech System Private Limited - Pune, Maharashtra January 2016 to June 2016 • Responsible for database administration, design, development, maintenance and production support of relational database  • Designed and developed database objects such as tables, views and indexes  • Responsible for database security  • Performed Oracle RMAN backups and Monitored alert log files of oracle database  • Marked TNS entries and checking Oracle Listener Status and Connectivity Education Bachelor of Engineering in Engineering Computer Science Kolhapur Institute of Technology - Kolhapur, Maharashtra May 2015 Skills Eclipse, Java, jquery, Android, Bootstrap, Html5, Xcode, Mysql, Oracle, Mongodb, .net, Visual studio, Api, C++, Javascript, Angular.js, Swift, Rest, Linux, Uml Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Languages: C, C++, Java, .NET, Android, Swift  Databases: MySQL, Oracle, MongoDB  Web Technologies: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, Angular.js, jQuery, REST API  OS: Linux, Windows, Mac  Versioning Control: GitHub, Bitbucket  Cloud Technologies: AWS, Google Vision API  Tools: Eclipse, Sublime Text, XCode, Visual Studio, UML Ubuntu
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1128.html#145:::Sourcing Specialist, Power;Database Administrator II, Telecom;Database Administrator I, Telecom;Database Administrator I, Telecom;Sales Coordinator;Administrative Assistant;Oracle (2 years);Power BI (1 year);Microsoft Office Suite/365 (10+ years):::Sourcing Specialist, Power Sourcing Specialist, Power Business Management Professional Kansas City, MO Business Management Professional who possesses experience reporting to CEOs, Presidents, and C-Level Senior Management while also assisting various levels of Mid-Level Management. Recognized for proven ability to successfully lead, train, and develop multi-generational employees at all levels. Able to effectively manage multiple ongoing projects to ensure successful prioritization of tasks to meet deadlines. Trusted in handling confidential matters by utilizing careful document control and employing professional discretion. Currently seeking a full-time position with a progressive company. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sourcing Specialist, Power Black & Veatch - Overland Park, KS September 2018 to Present • Manage Global Supplier Database  • Analyze and update vendor qualifications at bid stage and upon request  • Analyze vendor financial statements and work with finance team to mitigate risks  • Update and Record new policies in the Sourcing Power Procurement Manual  • Present and communicate changes in procedure to Procurement professionals  • Power BI development for departmental reporting needs  • Regular volunteer work with United Way of Greater Kansas City  • Volunteer work with Black & Veatch Explorer Post Database Administrator II, Telecom Black & Veatch - Overland Park, KS March 2018 to September 2018 • Created and implemented process to document and control PO requests from vendors  • Received PO requests and issued POs to vendors through client system  • Assisted Project Controls with Cost Control activities, including monitoring multiple projects through EcoSys  • Assisted Site Acquisition and Construction teams with progress/milestone tracking  • Assisted Finance with PO Booking, issuing POs to client, and tracking billable milestones  • Power BI development for various project reporting needs Database Administrator I, Telecom Black & Veatch - Overland Park, KS May 2017 to March 2018 • Analyzed job scope for LTE, UMTS, ETTCS, C-RAN/Small Cell, and NSB projects before entry into the NORAD/SwiftTrac client database system  • Reviewed final job scope to ensure all client required deliverables were provided with the correct project information for final site closeout   • Review and approval of general contractor deliverables and invoices  • Continuous process improvement through tool development and implementation Database Administrator I, Telecom Adams Gabbert - Contracted for Black & Veatch - Overland Park, KS November 2016 to May 2017 • Analyzed job scope for LTE, UMTS, ETTCS, C-RAN/Small Cell, and NSB projects before entry into the NORAD/SwiftTrac client database system  • Reviewed final job scope to ensure all client required deliverables were provided with the correct project information for final site closeout  • Review and approval of general contractor deliverables and invoices  • Continuous process improvement through tool development and implementation Sales Coordinator SEVO Systems - Lenexa, KS June 2016 to August 2016 • Supported Managing Director and Regional Sales Manager with scheduling, project management, travel, and correspondence  • Administered and customized Salesforce.com CRM as main Systems Administrator  • Created and distributed a daily Salesforce user learning guide for ongoing training  • Organized weekly project and operations meetings to work towards elevating customer satisfaction Administrative Assistant Knit-Rite, Inc - Kansas City, KS June 2015 to June 2016 • Supported Executive staff with scheduling, travel, correspondence, and document management  • Created, displayed, and distributed weekly company communication power point and newsletter  • Lead and implemented Lean Initiatives  • Broke down siloed department barriers to increase overall company efficiency  • Decreased past due accounts receivable and collection accounts by 75%  • Created review process to maintain client records for yearly financial audit readiness  • Regular volunteer work with Crosslines Community Outreach Education BS in Accounting Western Governor's University January 2020 AA in Business Administration Metropolitan Community College of Kansas City June 2018 Skills Oracle (2 years), Power BI (1 year), Microsoft Office Suite/365 (10+ years)
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1129.html#146:::Database Administrator/Maintenance Manager;Constituent Affairs Intern;Child Care Staff;Lead Galley Steward;Cmms;Excel;Outlook;Microsoft word;Word;Cpr:::Database Administrator/Maintenance Manager <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span>/Maintenance Manager Database Administrator/Maintenance Manager - SYNAGRO Technologies Providence, RI Work Experience Database Administrator/Maintenance Manager SYNAGRO Technologies - Woonsocket, RI August 2018 to Present * Managed maintenance system for distributing and assigning work orders for 3 power plants in New England  * Improved and maintained database resulting in the overall improvement of the process of operations and extended the life line of aging assets saving the company hundreds of thousands of dollars  * Built massive spread sheets in excel of 800+ assets and parts attributed to each piece of equipment for 3 plants regarding the specific maintenance, parts and cost required to upkeep proper operations  * Communicated with 100+ vendors to gather operation and maintenance manuals, parts lists, and spec. sheets to fully populate the database and app with resources for the operators and mechanics to use in the field  * Conduct research projects to gather data and analyze trends over extended periods of time to ensure maximum efficiency of equipment Constituent Affairs Intern Office of Governor Gina Raimondo - Providence, RI January 2018 to August 2018 * Answer 300+ calls a week to direct, answer questions for, and provide constituents with services from state agencies resulting in 700+ hours of phone time  * Created 2000+ citations from a blank slate for various state-wide celebrations  * Handle sensitive and confidential information of clients and state legislation Child Care Staff City of Central Falls - Central Falls, RI May 2017 to September 2017 * Directed, planned, and executed activities for state-wide events  * Praised for outstanding interpersonal abilities with the children and other staff members  * Maintained quality safety standards and alertness to provide a safe environment for the children Lead Galley Steward American Cruise Lines - Seattle, WA March 2015 to August 2015 * Improved system and managed employees, increasing the efficiency and maintaining above average standards earning the company wide employee of the month award.  * Maintained the highest-ranking dish crew company wide decreasing the completion time of tasks  * Chosen to transfer from Seattle, WA to Portland, OR to manage and maintain the failing dish crew Education Political Science & Business Rhode Island College - Providence, RI September 2017 to Present Skills Cmms, Excel, Outlook, Microsoft word, Word, Cpr Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/logan-paulhus Additional Information Skills  * Software: Microsoft Word, Excel, Power Point, Outlook, Fiix  * Certification(s): HDI Support Center Analyst, CPR, CMMS
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\113.html#147:::SQL Server Database Administrator;Junior Database Administrator:::SQL Server Database Administrator SQL Server <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> SQL Server Database Administrator - Next Media Inc Lawrenceville, GA 4 years of experience as a Microsoft SQL database administrator (DBA) responsible for the configuration, administration, monitoring and maintenance of SQL Server databases. I am also responsible for Data Migration, database Mirroring, Disaster Recovery, Integration Services, Performance Tuning, Reporting Services, troubleshooting performance issues, Database Upgrades, patching, Backup and restore, Disaster Recovery, Database Security and High Availability Solutions, I have experience with third party tools like Lite Speed, spotlight and Idera.    TECHNICAL CONCEPTS:  • Databases: Sql server 2005, 2008, 2008R2,2012 and Access Database  • Networking/Communications: LAN, WAN, routers/switches, voice, data, TCP/IP, VPN Work Experience SQL Server Database Administrator Next Media Inc - Atlanta, GA 2014 to Present Performs database administration activities including; installation, configuration and space management  • Troubleshooting slow running queries  • Proactive and active performance monitoring and tuning of production databases resolving concurrency issues (blocking, locking and deadlocks)  • Making copies of databases for development and production testing  • Developing Backup strategies and recovery solutions  • Developing reports using SQL server reporting services  • Database maintenance tasks (rebuilding and reorganizing indexes, updating statistics, running integrity checks  • Data migration and database Upgrading  • Developing packages and backup database using integrated services(SSIS)  • Setting up and administering Security(creating Sql server logins, assigning appropriate server, database and schema roles and permissions  • Working with developers, support and QA team to maintain all database environment  • Creating and automating maintenance jobs and backup  • Creation of stored procedures, triggers, tables, functions and indexes  • High availability solutions  • Setting up and monitoring Replication(transactional, snapshot and merge)  • Setting up and monitoring Database Mirroring and log shipping  • Administering Sql server on windows cluster(active/passive)  • Perform technical analysis and troubleshooting on complex database problems  • Hands on technology and knowledge using various type of SQL servers 2005, 2008, 2008R2 and 20012  • Administers, maintains, develops and implements policies and procedures for ensuring the security and integrity of the company database. Junior Database Administrator GENCO INC - Braselton, GA 2012 to 2014 • Developing backup strategies and recovery solutions  • Perform database administration tasks including; Installation, Configuration, Upgrades, Capacity Planning, Performance Tuning, Backup and Recovery.  • Data Analysis - importing/exporting via (frontend/backend) processes, extracting large amounts of data, creating tables and databases, cleansing and analyzing data.  • Retrieving data from the database using excel spreadsheet  • Creating and formatting reports using access, excel (pivot tables, v-lookup, etc.) and PowerPoint  • Data validation and consistency check  • Handling ETL processes using Sql server integration service(SSIS)  • Troubleshooting maintenance job failures  • Developing reports using SSRS  • Exporting data from production to our reporting data warehouse  • Using Event Viewer, Perfmon and Task manager to troubleshoot windows issues as it relates to Sql server  • Schedule Maintenance Jobs and Backups  • Monitoring transactional replication Resolved SQL Server query issues and perform SQL Server query tuning  • Developing tabular, matrix and parameterized reports with SSRS Education Bachelor of Management Information System in Suite Florida International University - Miami, FL Additional Information • Operating Systems: Windows Server 2008/2012, Active Directory  • DBA Workshops: T-SQL, SQL Server 2005 & 2008 R2 and 2012 High Availability Solutions
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1130.html#148:::Junior Database Administrator;Team Coordinator/Editor;Senior Sandwich Artist;Computer Technician;Microsoft Office (4 years);SQL (2 years):::Junior Database Administrator Junior <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Junior Database Administrator Elma, NY Work Experience Junior Database Administrator Trumbull Industries - Warren, OH October 2017 to August 2019 • Utilized Excel to clean, organize, and prepare product data  • Reviewed and uploaded product spreadsheets to consumer and commercial websites  • Researched and located unknown product specifications  • Responsible for updating and maintaining product information in MySQL database  • Constructed a central database housing product and pricing data for business intelligence purposes  • Managed Amazon Advertising portfolio Team Coordinator/Editor X-Culture - Youngstown, OH September 2017 to December 2018 • Lead team of 3 to meet weekly assignment deadlines  • Assisted in development, review, editing, and upload of weekly team assignments  • Relayed pertinent information for weekly tasks to the team Senior Sandwich Artist Subway - Elma, NY March 2015 to August 2017 • Directed up to 3 co-workers per shift to keep operations efficient  • Reconciled and recorded inventory and cash sales through company POS system  • Utilized communication and problem-solving skills to resolve customer complaints Computer Technician Business Technology, LLC - East Aurora, NY June 2016 to August 2016 • Installed small scale wiring infrastructure in client's home  • Utilized problem-solving skills to execute various levels of computer cleanup and virus removal  • Communicated computer problems and resolutions to customers Education Bachelor of Science in Business Administration in Information and Supply Chain Management Youngstown State University - Youngstown, OH December 2018 Associate of Applied Science in Networking Erie Community College - Williamsville, NY May 2016 Skills Microsoft Office (4 years), SQL (2 years) Certifications/Licenses Network Support Technology May 2016 to Present Certificate from local community college shows I have a foundation in networking concepts. This certification is focused on preparing students to take further certifications such as A+, CCNA, or the CCENT exam. MTA Database Fundamentals April 2018 to April 2023 This is a certification from Microsoft. It shows I have an understanding of key concepts of databases. It focuses primarily on relational databases such as SQL. Assessments Problem Solving — Highly Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to analyze relevant information when solving problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/ca2ppt63-id-jqei Critical Thinking — Highly Proficient August 2019 Using logic to solve problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/nxjolwxlkznqp8wk Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1131.html#149:::Database Administrator/Legal Secretary;Litigation Assistant;Legal Secretary;Outlook;Filing (4 years);Billing;Microsoft Outlook;Microsoft Office (4 years);Data Entry (4 years);Adobe (4 years):::Database Administrator/Legal Secretary <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span>/Legal Secretary Database Administrator Houston, TX Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Administrator/Legal Secretary Daniel & Associates - Houston, TX June 2019 to Present • Working with database software to find ways to store, organize and manage data.  • Keeping databases up to date.  • Helping with database design and development.  • Managing database access.  • Designing maintenance procedures and putting them into operation.  • Ensuring that databases meet user requirements.  •Troubleshooting issues with database.   • Liaising with programmers, applications/operational staff, IT project managers and other technical staff.  • Managing database security/integrity and backup procedures.  • Implementing security measures.  • Defining objectives through consultation with staff at all levels.  • Writing reports, documentation and operating manuals.  • Testing and modifying databases to ensure that they operate reliably.  • Providing user training, support and feedback.  • Writing disaster recovery plans  • Archiving data. Litigation Assistant Zwicker & Associates, P.C. - Sugar Land, TX August 2017 to July 2019 • Analyzed and processed reports, as assigned, to ensure that proper work flow is being adhered to pursuant to the expectations of both clients and Zwicker & Associates.  • Utilized Collection Software to properly update and document the status of each account in the assigned inventory.  • Drafted Pleadings and forms, such as, Notices of Trial, Trial Preparations, Witness Requests, and Discovery.  • Filed Pleadings with various courts.  •Communicated effectively and appropriately with team members, opposing counsels, pro se parties, and courts.  • Performed other duties as assigned. Legal Secretary The Foley Law Firm - Houston, TX February 2016 to August 2017 • Updated and maintained office policies and procedures.  • Maintained office work flow and staff to meet deadlines.  • Deposited checks for all cases, as well as, distribute payroll checks to staff.  • Trained new staff on office procedures, equipment functions, and individual job duties.  • Prepared basic pleading and forms related to Personal Injury, Premises Liability, and Overtime Wage Claim cases.  • Preparing Discrimination documents, such as, EEOC Charged of Discrimination.  • Filed Pleadings in Civil and Federal court.  • Drafted discovery.  • Notarized Affidavits.  • Intake for new client cases, and set up files on server database.  • Took telephone calls and responded to inquiries accordingly.  • Cleaned, organized, and stocked all office supplies as needed. Education High School Diploma Lamar High School - Houston, TX August 2010 to May 2014 Skills Outlook, Filing (4 years), Billing, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Office (4 years), Data Entry (4 years), Adobe (4 years) Certifications/Licenses Certified Notary Public March 2016 to March 2020
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1132.html#150:::Technical Support Representative;Database Administrator;LINUX;CUSTOMER SERVICE;MICROSOFT OFFICE;PHOTOSHOP;WORDPRESS;Help Desk;Tech Support;Apple;Call Center;Troubleshooting:::Technical Support Representative Technical Support Representative Technical Support Representative - ALTICE USA, INC Newark, NJ Career-minded and certified IT professional with strong communication and analytical skills. Fast learner with strong organizational skills and ability to adapt quickly to different environments. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Technical Support Representative ALTICE USA, INC - Newark, NJ 2017 to Present Troubleshoot calls for all residential Optimum products  ? Documented troubleshooting steps using the Remedy ticketing system  ? Educated customers through established troubleshooting procedures  ? Rapidly learned and mastered various systems to provide outstanding technical support Database Administrator GREATER NEWARK CONSERVANCY, INC - Newark, NJ 2016 to 2018 Prepared reports for quarterly budget meetings  ? Authored professional correspondence to customers and vendors  ? Researched latest tech in order to improve the proficiency of service departments  ? Rapidly learned and mastered various computer programs  ? Developed and implemented strategic marketing plan for business Education Intranetworking engineering PCage - Jersey City, NJ January 2017 to February 2018 High school Skills LINUX, CUSTOMER SERVICE, MICROSOFT OFFICE, PHOTOSHOP, WORDPRESS, Help Desk, Tech Support, Apple, Call Center, Troubleshooting Certifications/Licenses A+ Certification April 2017 to June 2020 Networking security  Mobile devices   Hardware troubleshooting and repair  Windows OS, Mac OS, and Linux OS Security+ June 2017 to June 2020 Hands on network security  Risk management   Threats  Data hosts security  Identity management   Cryptography and PKI Additional Information SKILLS SUMMARY    ? Hardware & Software Support ? First Level PC Support ? System Upgrades  ? Server 2012, Linux, Win 7 & 10 ? Proficient in Photoshop CS6 ? Computer Literate  ? Proficient in Microsoft Office ? Customer Service ? WordPress
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1133.html#151:::Background Verification Specialist;Recruiter;Human Resources Assistant/Receptionist;General Cleaner;LIMS Database Administrator;Inside Sales Support;Customer Service (1 year);Database (2 years);database management. (1 year);receptionist (2 years);telephone (1 year);Front Desk;Reception;Front Office;Human Resource;Interview;Talent Acquisition;ADP;Human Resources;Scheduling;Recruiting;Filing;Data Entry;Payroll;Administrative Assistant;Outlook;Excel;MS Office;Sales;Microsoft Office;Word;Insurance Verification;EMR;Collections:::Background Verification Specialist Background Verification Specialist Seeking a full-time position that offers a safe working environment and opportunities for advancement. Indianapolis, IN Detail-Oriented Worker with Years of experience Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Background Verification Specialist Indiana State Personnel Department - Indianapolis, IN December 2018 to May 2019 *Handle applicant files and begin the pre-Employment process  *Verify previous employment and education for applicants dating back 5 years  *Reach out and speak with applicant Professional References  *Initiate Background investigations using Barada.  *Utilize Peoplesoft take access applications for potential applicants.  *Work with various state agencies to help in the hiring process. Recruiter Express Employment Professionals - Bloomington, IN August 2018 to October 2018 * Develop great partnerships with our clients and employees by providing excellent communication, prompt, efficient, and cordial service.  * Identify recruiting sources, network and develop contacts with cultural organizations and other groups.  * Post ads, search and review resumes, and pre-screen applicants over the phone.  * Reach or exceed client and applicant expectations for branch through personal efforts and managing a "results-oriented" team  * Interviewing, screening, and assigning employees to meet client needs.  * Treat all applicants with respect, integrity, and professionalism  * Develop a positive attitude and a "loyalty to company" attitude for self and in communication with fellow staff, clients, and temporary employees.  * Answer hundreds of telephone calls in a positive, professional manner  * Organize, help with administration duties.  * Set up assessments test for applicants.  * Perform drug screening and background checks  * Front coverage of front desk at all available times and greet all walk-ins  * Process Weekly Payroll.  * Various duties will be assigned as necessary Human Resources Assistant/Receptionist Data Recognition Corporation (DRC) - Indianapolis, IN April 2018 to July 2018 *Maintain employee records (soft and hard copies)  *Participate in recruiting events and prepare paperwork for events.  *Update HR databases (e.g. new hires, separations, vacation and sick leaves)  *Assist in payroll preparation by providing relevant data, like absences, bonus and leaves  *Prepare paperwork for HR policies and procedures  *Assist with new hire paperwork and training  *Process employees’ requests and provide relevant information  *Coordinate HR projects, meetings and training seminars  *Manage the department’s telephone center and address queries accordingly  *Prepare reports and presentations for internal communications  *Provide orientations for new employees by sharing on-boarding packages and explaining company policies General Cleaner Kimco Facility Services - Indianapolis, IN July 2017 to March 2018 * Maintained facilities by cleaning all areas of the building.  * Utilized cleaning materials for dusting and heavy cleaning to requested areas.  * Removed and discarded environmental waste  * Managed and utilized cleaning and hazardous chemicals and supplies. LIMS Database Administrator Sure-tech Laboratories - Indianapolis, IN May 2016 to May 2017 * Inspected incoming soil and plant tissue samples for information accuracy  * Identified areas of missing sample information and work with Quality and Customer Service to obtain complete sample information.  * Entered data to online database system.  * Scanned incoming samples into online database system.  * Reviewed database to ensure all information is complete.  * Ensured complete and accurate reports were sent to sales person. Inside Sales Support Fastenal Company - Bloomington, IN September 2014 to May 2016 * Assisted with the administrative duties of the facility such as customer database management.  * Delivered customer orders and refilled company vending machines.  * Took orders and processed POs for various companies.  * Managed company vehicles during maintenance needs.  * Manage store location. Prepared orders totaling in over 3000 dollars in merchandise Answered telephone and completed front-desk receptionist duties within a high-volume environment.  * Certified to operate company vehicle and forklift to complete daily deliveries and prepare deliveries for outside sales associates Education Bachelor of Liberal Studies in Healthcare Administration Indiana University - Bloomington, IN December 2021 Skills Customer Service (1 year), Database (2 years), database management. (1 year), receptionist (2 years), telephone (1 year), Front Desk, Reception, Front Office, Human Resource, Interview, Talent Acquisition, ADP, Human Resources, Scheduling, Recruiting, Filing, Data Entry, Payroll, Administrative Assistant, Outlook, Excel, MS Office, Sales, Microsoft Office, Word, Insurance Verification, EMR, Collections Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information Skills: Computer: Microsoft Office (Access, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Word)  Office: Telephone / Front Desk Reception; Customer Service; Filing; Database Management
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1134.html#152:::Lab Support;Developer;DevOps Engineer;Package Handler;Web Development and Database Administrator, (Freelance):::Lab Support Lab Support IT Professional Cary, NC A CompTIA A+ certified IT professional with experience in the finance, storage and network industry. Skilled with Oracle databases, Puppet, Windows, Unix/Linux, Javascript, Git, installing and maintaining hardware and providing Lab Support. Experienced with Remedy Ticketing System and ServiceNow. Work Experience Lab Support NetApp - Durham, NC August 2018 to December 2018 • Serve as first point of contact for customers needing assistance via ticketing system  • Record events and problems and their resolution in documentation  • Follow-up and update customer status and information  • Maintaining, managing, and monitoring all installed systems and infrastructure  • Direct unresolved issues to the next level of support personnel  • Installing, managing and monitoring servers, routers, network switches and connections  • Repair, test, image and clean PC’s, laptop, monitors, printers, and other related hardware Developer SoftTech Solutions - Jersey City, NJ February 2018 to August 2018 • Designed and developed mobile games and apps for Android devices  • Collaborated with artists and game designers to successfully incorporate game ideas, various artworks, animation, audio and necessary assets  • Provided continuous support and updates using real player feedback to ultimately improve the player experience  • Implemented and managed in-app advertising with multiple ad networks  • Maintained codebase to industry level standard of clean, concise, organized, modular and sustainable code  • Responsible for managing and deploying builds to app store DevOps Engineer TD Ameritrade - Jersey City, NJ March 2017 to March 2018 • Responsible for managing users, roles and permissions for Oracle Databases  • Conducting database refreshes to dev and test instances on a regular basis  • Used ASM for creating and managing diskgroups and troubleshooting ASM issues  • Configuration of Oracle Listener and TNS names  • Monitor databases status, performance and storage through OEM  • Creating and modifying SQL scripts while working with Java developers using Spring Boot and JDBC to connect to Oracle  • Managing users and groups allowed to access Linux servers as well as file system permissions for those users and groups  • Maintaining software packages, storage and file space on Linux servers  • Mounting and managing NFS shared drives  • Creating and managing user's home directory  • Manage and configure Crontabs to help automate repetitive workload  • Adding raw or virtual device  • Participated in Storage Migration efforts  • Change requests performed via Git and Puppet for middleware application deployments  • Used Splunk to monitor server and application performance  • Performed metrics and trending analysis for infrastructure operations groups in categorizing backlog and determining how to better service clients  • Used React, Node.js and D3.js to create zoomable/static charts that utilized an API to Remedy database that highlighted incidents, work orders and service requests beyond SLA Package Handler UPS - Secaucus, NJ September 2016 to February 2017 • Lifting packages up to 150 lbs. from head sorter and assembly line.  • Sort totes from large packages, small packages and envelopes while making sure assembly  • Following packing label to ensure parcels are on the correct trucks  • Always following safety guide lines for lifting.  • Monthly quizzes about safety, lifting, loading and breaking jams. Web Development and Database Administrator, (Freelance) Forest Water - North Bergen, NJ August 2016 to August 2016 • Designed and developed company website using HTML, Bootstrap and Javascript: https://forestwaternj.github.io/  • Constructed and maintained database using MySQL, as well as trained employees on the technology  • Designed database to track sales, clients, purchases, and trends in order to manage inventory, pricing, and additional growth opportunities Education Associate in Computer Science Borough of Manhattan CC - Manhattan, NY September 2013 to June 2015 Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1135.html#153:::BI Developer;Database Administrator;Assistant Systems Engineer;BI;Cognos;SSA;Ssis;Tableau;SSRS;ETL;Business Intelligence:::BI Developer BI Developer San Francisco (Bay area)  San Francisco, CA • SQLBIDeveloperwith4+YearsofexperienceindevelopingDatabaseObjects, Reporting, ETLProcessandDataModelling.  • Expertiseinadvance&dynamicSQLquerying, procedures, cursors, triggers, functions, views, performancetuningandqueryoptimization.  •, PowerBIandTableau.  • Expertisein Data Visualization development using Tableau to create intuitive, innovative and highly interactive Dashboards using features such as Data Blending, Calculations, Filters, Actions, Parameters, Maps, Extracts, Context Filters, Sets, Aggregate measures etc.  • ExperienceinBackup/Recovery, Client/ServerConnectivity, DatabaseReplication, differential, logbackupfiles.  • Excellentinproblemsolving, debugging, analyzingrun-timeerrorsandvalidatingdata. Work Experience BI Developer In2IT Technologies - Johannesburg, Gauteng September 2016 to November 2017 Responsibilities:  • WorkedwithDatabaseconfiguration, DataModeling, IdentificationoftrustedDataSources, DatabaseCreation, ETLprocessand Reporting.  • applying data cleansingrules.  •, aggregate, fuzzylookup, conditionalsplit, rowcount, derivedcolumnsetc.  • Configuredcheckpoints, packagelogging, .  • Optimized theperformanceofslowexecutingSSIS Packages bymakingchangesasControlFlow  and Data Flow like avoidngblockingflowtransformations, increasingbuffersize.  • CreatedDrillDown, Drillthrough, SubandLinkedReportsusingSSRSaswell asmanagedthesubscriptionandauthentication of thesereports.  • theirperformanceusingtechniqueslike Cascading parameters andfilters.  •, generate all daily, weekly, monthly and quarterlyreports.  •, variouskindsofuserdefined functions, views, synonyms, Sub-queriesetc.  • and ETL designspecifications.  • Prioritizedandhandledmultipletasksinhigh-pressureenvironment.    Environment:  SQL Server 2012 / 2008 R2, SQL Server Integration Services(SSIS), SQL Server Reporting Services(SSRS), Tableau, ER Win, VB Script, MS Access, Excel, SQL Profiler, Visual Studio 2008, Windows Server 2008 Database Administrator IPSOS - Johannesburg, Gauteng January 2013 to October 2014 Responsibilities:  • WorkedforMarketResearchCompany, (Toyota, VWSA, Audi and Standard Bank) and converted into Usable data by creating complex SQL scripts, stored procedures and functions.  • DesignedPackagesfordatatransformation, .  • Performedunittestingonallscriptsandpackages.  • attention.  • Createdvarioustypesoffull, differential, logbackupfilesforthelisteddatabases.    Environment:  SQL Server 2008 R2/2005, SQL Server Integration Services(SSIS), SQL Server Reporting Services(SSRS), DTS Packages, ER Win, MS Access, Excel, SQL Profiler, Visual Studio 2008, Windows Server 2008 Assistant Systems Engineer TATA Consultancy Services - Bengaluru, Karnataka October 2011 to July 2012 Responsibilities:  • DesignedanddevelopedanLICApplication, usingTeamFoundationServer.  • Extensivelyused Grid views, sorting and paging.  • WorkedonexportingreportstoexcelfromtheGridView.  • Adopted and implemented agile and deliveredsuccessfully.  • Excellentanalytical, problemsolvingandinterpersonalskills, withabilitytointeractwithindividualsatalllevels.  Environment:    SQL Server 2008 R2, C#, ADO.Net, ASP.Net, XML, VB Script, MS Access, Excel, Share point, Team Foundation Server. Education Bachelor's Degree in Information Technology in Information Technology Bapatla Engineering College Skills BI, Cognos, SSA, Ssis, Tableau, SSRS, ETL, Business Intelligence Additional Information Technical Skills:    SQL Scripting  BI Development(SSIS, SSRS)  React JS  Physical and Logical Data Modeling  Tools:    SQL Server 2012, 2008R2  Oracle 11g/10g  Toad  Business Intelligence Studio  Tableau  Visual Studio 2010  Power BI
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1136.html#154:::Business Analyst;Database Administrator;Computer Coach;Project Leader;Chemical Engineering Lab Assistant;Acrobat (Less than 1 year);Adobe acrobat (Less than 1 year);C+ (Less than 1 year);Data science (Less than 1 year);Dreamweaver (Less than 1 year);Html (Less than 1 year);Matlab (Less than 1 year);Microsoft office (Less than 1 year);Ms office (Less than 1 year);Photoshop (Less than 1 year);Python (Less than 1 year);Sql (Less than 1 year);Excel;Business Intelligence;testing;Powerpoint;Visio;access:::Business Analyst Business Analyst Monterey Park, CA A business analyst who directs day-to-day operations and organize and conduct activities to assure a safe, cost-effective, and on-time operating performance. Academically trained engineer self-taught in Data Science, Machine Learning, and  Programming to transition into Big Data. Skilled in C++, MATLAB, Python, SQL, Mathematica and familiar with matplotlib and Pylab. Seeking to join a team in a collaborative and intellectually challenging environment. Work Experience Business Analyst MVN 2 - Los Angeles, CA October 2018 to Present • Clean, organize, and create technical reports of 10,000+ data to management, government, and business partners  • Lead efforts in getting certification and maintain an up-to-date registry  • Conduct, interpret, and evaluate financial, operational, and related research data and developed integrated business  analyses and projections for incorporation into strategic decision-making, reducing company inefficiencies by 20%  • Test newly built in house website interface and apps to identify bugs and give detailed suggestions for improvement  • Provide user feedback on web interface and apps for developers to help create a better experience for users Database Administrator Paragon One April 2018 to August 2018 Led efforts in creating a video library database, compiling, organizing, categorizing 100+ out of 500+ videos of career  advising sessions, and interviews of industry professionals, and making it available to users  • Cleaned and organized advisor-related data to prepare Product Manager test video search algorithm  • Tested newly built in house website interface to identify bugs and made suggestions for improved site functionality Computer Coach Santa Barbara Public Library - Santa Barbara, CA April 2016 to July 2016 Taught 10+ subjects, such as Intro to Cloud to a wide range of students, from college students to senior citizens Project Leader University of Santa Barbara - Santa Barbara, CA January 2016 to June 2016 • Worked in a group of 3 in a student project to generate an optimal design of ethylene glycol and formaldehyde plants  • Identified and assessed business implications and wider factors affecting plant design, operation, and production  • Drafted 80-pages reports and presented a PowerPoint presentation to 50+ attendees including professors, company  representatives, and students to provide a design solution to optimize the targeted products Chemical Engineering Lab Assistant University of Santa Barbara - Santa Barbara, CA January 2015 to March 2016 • Collaborated with a team of 3 to plan and perform precise lab work, compared the result of the experiment with theory and published journals, elaborated with scale-up issues and cost considerations  • Cleaned the collected experimental data performed in laboratory, performed data analysis and its errors and uncertainties, then analyzed and interpreted the experimental data  • Composed 8 laboratory reports and created 2 visual presentations for an academic audience Education Bachelor's in Chemical Engineering University of California - Santa Barbara, CA September 2018 Skills Acrobat (Less than 1 year), Adobe acrobat (Less than 1 year), C+ (Less than 1 year), Data science (Less than 1 year), Dreamweaver (Less than 1 year), Html (Less than 1 year), Matlab (Less than 1 year), Microsoft office (Less than 1 year), Ms office (Less than 1 year), Photoshop (Less than 1 year), Python (Less than 1 year), Sql (Less than 1 year), Excel, Business Intelligence, testing, Powerpoint, Visio, access Additional Information SKILLS    Data Science C++, MATLAB, Mathematica, Python, SQL; matplotlib, Pylab  Technical Microsoft Office, HTML, Dreamweaver, Adobe Acrobat Pro, Photoshop, HYSYS, Simulink, ASPEN Plus
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1137.html#155:::SQL Server Database Administrator;Computer System Analyst;QA Testing/ Business Analyst;Assistant Engineer Bio Medical Equipment;Db2;Sql server;Oracle;Pl/sql;Postgresql;Sql;Sybase;Mongodb;Active directory;Networking;Scom;Microsoft visual studio;Visual studio;C#;Html;Vbscript;Xml;Microstrategy;Qlikview;Tableau:::SQL Server Database Administrator SQL Server <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> SQL Server Database Administrator - Universal Herbs Inc Hayward, CA • Detail oriented IT professional with 4+ years of proven expertise in supporting and optimizing performance of SQL Server 2017/2016/2014/2012/2008R2/2008/2005 as Database Administrator and Developer.  • Installed and configured SQL 2017 for POC on RHLE 7.3.  • Experience in Upgrade/migration of several instances and databases from SQL Server 2000 to SQL Server 2005/2008, SQL Server 2005 to SQL Server 2008/2008 R2, from SQL Server 2008/2008R2 to SQL Server 2012/2014  • Created, managed SQL Server AZURE Databases.  • Knowledge in working with Amazon RDS, Microsoft Azure and Google Cloud.  • Experience in documenting and implementing Disaster Recovery Plans using Database Mirroring, Log shipping and Replication with different topologies for production databases.  • Experience in Server administration in various environments - Window 2000 & 2003 with Active Directory Services (AD, DNS, DHCP).  • Experience in handling very large databases in OLTP and data warehouse environments, which are in Terabytes size.  • Experience in implementation of SQL Server new features like Always On Availability Groups, Contained Databases, Change data capture (CDC), online index rebuilds, Central management server, Transparent Data Encryption (TDE), User-Defined server roles.  • Strong in monitoring and optimizing the performance of Applications, databases, Stored Procedures, Queries and Indexes using Extended Events, SQL Profiler, server side trace, Activity Monitor, Dynamic Management Views and Functions, Execution Plans, Performance Monitor, DBCC commands, Database Engine Tuning Advisor and other third party tools like Red Gate SQL Monitor, idera SQL Diagnostic Manager, Quest Spotlight.  • Worked on SQL Server tools Like Enterprise Manager and SQL Query Analyzer.  Strong in PowerShell scripting and automating day to day maintenance tasks using PowerShell scripts, converting existing TSQL batch scripts to PowerShell scripts and improving SQL Server maintenance jobs performance.  • Experience in data modeling for OLTP and date warehouse using MS Visio and Erwin.  • Experience in BI Development and Deployment of SSIS packages and loading data in to SQL Server from MS-Access, Excel, Oracle, and Teradata.  • Experience in providing Logging, Error handling by using Event Handler, and Custom Logging for SSIS Packages.  • Extensive experience in end-to-end life cycle of SSRS using Scale-Out, Scale-Up and Local topologies.  • Experience in designing and deployment of Reports for the End-User requests using Web Interface and SSRS (Ad-hoc Reporting).  • Experience in programming tasks like developing Stored Procedures, Functions, and Triggers, ad-hoc queries for reports, TSQL batches, PL/SQL packages and procedures, PowerShell scripts.  • Good working knowledge in .Net Framework 2.0/3.0/3.5,VB.Net, C#, ASP.Net, ADO.Net, XML and Web Services.  • 24 X 7 Production Database on Call Support. Work Experience SQL Server Database Administrator Universal Herbs Inc - Hayward, CA July 2017 to Present • Application support SQL DBA involved in managing database servers, applications servers and terminals related to Pheonix Commander Application.  • Managed a project teams of developers, QA analysts, and Jr. Business analysts for website redesign.  • Involved is setting up maintenance jobs related to SQL server health checks and Application health checks.  • Experienced in setting up HSM encryption.  • Involved in building a new two node active-active windows cluster from end-to-end in Production and Pre-Production environment.  • Performed Side-by-side migration of SQL 2008R2 to SQL 2014 in Cluster environment.  • Configured SSIS 2014 and moved the packages and tested them.  • Created new application dependent SSIS\DTSX packages.  • Worked as a developer in creating complex Stored Procedures, SSIS packages, triggers, cursors, tables, and views and other SQL joins for building various applications.  • Created stored procedures to be used as datasets for the Report Design  • Created SSIS Reusable Packages to extract data from Multi formatted Flat files, Excel, XML files into UL Database and DB2 Billing Systems.  • Created Parameterized reports, Cross-Tab reports, Drill down reports & Summary reports by Using SSRS.  • Provided 2nd level support on-call duty in non-business hours and during weekends.  • Documentation upgrades.  • Assesses malfunctions of hardware and/or software applications for the purpose of determining appropriate actions to maintain computer, network, and database operations.    Environment: Windows Server 2012 R2 and 2008 R2, SQL Server 2012/2008 R2, BI Data Tools (SSRS, SSIS, SSAS), SCOM, Pheonix Commander, HSM, SharePoint 2013 Computer System Analyst Lanco Global System Inc - Irving, TX July 2016 to July 2017 LGS is a software development company involved in designing, programming, documenting, testing, and bug fixing involved in creating and maintaining applications, frameworks, or other software components.    • Created and maintained system using case and UML diagrams, design use cases, software requirements, and test cases in Contour based off of customer needs and changing security requirements.  • Ensured systems compliance to latest DOD DIACAP and other Certification and Accreditation requirements.  • Managed ERP/EDI/E-Com implementation, vendors, partners and project team of 5 persons.  • Customized and personalized RTC Role Centre for various functional roles of a business.  • Reduced overall risk by maintaining scripts, log infrastructure, and compliance plans. Furnished group policy and antivirus policies to secure networks.  • Initiated and performed capacity and stress testing on hosted applications using JMeter ensuring hosted applications and hardware meet the demand generated by an increase in users.  • Performed troubleshooting on and assisted with network connectivity issues, email accounts, network printing, and application issues.  • Installed network drops and ran cabling from drops to routers, switches and VOIP.  • Managed the spare computer components, peripherals, and physical and online repository of software used by all the companies.  • Logged and monitored tickets and projects using Spice Works.  • Troubleshot all in-office equipment, fax machines, and copiers.  • We provide 24/7 System support to PwC, PwC Data Centers meet Service Level Agreement (SLA) Obligations.  • Performed weekly Development and Alpha Server builds, along with required Pre-Production and Production builds.    Environment: Windows Server 2012 R2, 2012, 2008 R2, 2008 and 2003, SQL Server 2017/2016/2014/2012/2008 R2/2008/2005, MongoDb 3.0, 3.2 and 3.4, Azure, SQL Query Analyzer, BI Data Tools (SSRS, SSIS, SSAS), SCOM, Avamar Backup utility, Vormetric Encryption, Imperva secure sphere QA Testing/ Business Analyst ResourzNet Solutions Inc - Hayward, CA January 2016 to July 2016 • Defining roles and responsibilities, and providing oversight on the overall programs and projects.  • Certified Scrum Master.  • Conducted presentations to the executive team in order to attain budget and purchasing approval for the technological strategy efforts.  • Responsible for Installation of SSL certificates  • Worked in Active/Passive and Active/Active cluster environment.  • Participated in project team activities prior to release and contributed to documentation requirements consistent with methodology.  • Support data management activities & assist in data governance process, recommend solutions to ensure best practices are implemented and documented  • Assist in initial setup, testing, and monitoring of Informatics data  • Develop automated solutions for dashboards, key data presentations and report generation  • Perform data exploration on source data using Business Intelligence and Statistical analysis tools  • Provision of technical expertise in the area of data development, including data cleansing, extraction and loading as well as performance monitoring and tuning for data migration procedures  • Work independently without constant supervision  • Manage and build Informatics 'objects' (Analysis cubes, Graphs, and reports)  • Provide Quality Assurance and Testing Templates  • Identify project delivery milestones and communicate to team  • Regularly interact and communicate with clients  • Serve as the primary point of contact for questions and issues resolution  • Produce Design specifications  • Contribute to the assessments of current client business and operations processes, identify opportunities for improvement and peer review documented potential gaps  • Lead project status and progress meetings  • Participated in Agile sprint planning and coordinated individual and team testing throughout to ensure quality deliverables by the end of the sprint.  • Maintained Linux, Unix and Windows servers, setting up environmental variables and databases for testing purposes.  • Wrote, adapted and used both existing and new Perl scripts extensively    Environment: Waterfall, Agile, Rational Unified Process (RUP), UML, Rational Rose, MS Visio, UML, mind map, RSM, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, SEO Assistant Engineer Bio Medical Equipment Ozone Hospital - Hyderabad, Telangana September 2013 to February 2014 • Monitored contract services viz. A.M.C. and C.M.C.  • Programed all equipment and fixed emergency breakdowns and repairs.  • Design develop test and modify products equipment and devices.  • Plan all financial aspects and engineering responsibilities related to medical equipment.  • Engineer safety alerts for medical devices.  • Spearheaded equipment management program  • Maintained logs compiled statistics and conducted research.  • Created and implemented designs.  • Created test protocol.  • Acted as go-between for medical engineering and scientific staff.  • Kept abreast of the latest research  • Input data into computer programs.  • Coordinated activities.  • Presented programs to superiors.  • Tested equipment Education Master's in computer science in computer science North Western Polytechnic University - Fremont, CA Bachelor of Technology in Bio Medical Engineering in Bio Medical Engineering J.B Institute of Engineering and Technology - Hyderabad, Telangana Skills Db2, Sql server, Oracle, Pl/sql, Postgresql, Sql, Sybase, Mongodb, Active directory, Networking, Scom, Microsoft visual studio, Visual studio, C#, Html, Vbscript, Xml, Microstrategy, Qlikview, Tableau Additional Information Technical Skills  Databases: SQL SERVER 2017/2016/2014/2012/2008R2/2008/2005, MongoDb, PostgreSQL  Operating System: Windows Server 2003 / Server 2008 / Server 2008R2/ Server 2012 & Server 2012R2, RHLE 7.3  Programming Languages: TSQL, PL/SQL, PowerShell, C, C#, VBScript, HTML, XML.  Tools: SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Navigator, Microsoft Visual Studio 2008/2010/2012/2015, SQL Server Enterprise Manager, BIDS, Sybase Data Tools, SQL Profiler, SQL Networking, Activity Monitor, DTA, PerformancePoint, PLSQL Developer, Oracle SQL Developer, DB2, Toad, Excel Macro 2007/2010,PerfMon, Active Directory, Spotlight for SQL Server, red-gate SQL monitor, Quest LiteSpeed, Azure, Amazon RDS, Google cloud, SCOM Monitoring, Site Recovery Manager (SRM), Qlikview, Tableau, Microstrategy.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1138.html#156:::Programmer/CNC;Network and Database Administrator;Java Tutor;Customer Service;Software Development;It Service Management;Office Administration;MySQL;Python:::Programmer/CNC Programmer/CNC IT Specialist and Engineer Blue Springs, MO Passionate individual with 3+ years of work and tutoring in programming, networking, engineering, and IT support. Effective at communicating and solving complex problems. Capable of rapidly learning new technologies and becoming a subject matter expert quickly. Motivated to perform in multiple roles while producing high quality work in a fast-paced and diverse environment.    TECHNICAL PROFICIENCY AND SKILLS    • Fast Learner  • Analytical and Critical thinker  • Skilled multi-tasker  • IP Port Forwarding  • SQL Database Admin/maintenance  • Network Support  • Admin/maintenance  • Proficient in Python  • Proficient in C++    • Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access  • Help Desk Owner  • Desktop Support/troubleshooting  • JIRA site Admin  • Proficient in HTML  • Proficient in JavaScript  • In depth knowledge on computer hardware Work Experience Programmer/CNC Brogdon Machine - Blue Springs, MO December 2018 to Present • CNC Programming - GCODE, Python, and VB  • Create Part Models (Siemens NX, Catia v5, Enovia)  • Installed "Oodoo" Web server (apache, mysql, Bitnami) for office  • General IT work and solutions for office.  • Experience running OKUMA AND MORI machines  • Permitted holding and using 'confidential' information from leading aerospace customers  • Dealt with military contracts  • Model conversion, history, and model management life cycle  • Quick learning of CAD/CAM knowledge and developed new solutions  • Engineering work and drafting  Solved complex model compositions and fixture designs. Network and Database Administrator Ticket Boat June 2018 to December 2018 • Web Developer - HTML, CSS, and JavaScript  • Chrome Extensions  • Buy Capture: capture financial transactions on 3rd party websites  • Complete Attachments: automate manual process for users forced to visit a web page twice to click a complete button action  • REST Clients  • Build GET and POST javascript web clients using Jquery to hit GET web services for confirmations and POST web services to submit and save data to the database  • SQL Development  • Report Queries  • Build reporting select queries in MSSQL to support and create day-to-day management reports  • JIRA and Confluence and Service Desk Administration  • JIRA, Confluence, and Service Desk user administrator  • JIRA and Service Desk Scrum Master  • Create and maintain Scrum, Kanban, and next-gen Agility project boards  • Define software and service desk workflows  • Manage Development teams, test teams, and operations teams Software, Test, and Help Desk boards  • Network and Systems and Office Administrator  • Office Administrator  • Active Directory and Office.com administrator  • SharePoint content office administrator  • New Hire Onboarding  • Employee Exits  • Standard Desk Setup and Configuration  • Systems Administrator  • Administration and support for 3rd Party applications  • Setup install and config of application software and databases  • Vendor liaison working with vendor help desks and operations teams to troubleshoot and resolve operational issues with 3rd party software  • Administration and support for in-house applications  • Create and maintain company asset database including defining workflow for new asset allocation, asset reassignment, and asset retirement  • Network Administration  • DNS and Firewall Administration  • Server Room and Building wiring  • Users desktop subnet and switch layout and design  • Developed new ideas for company use  • Worked with Operations and User groups as liaison to IT/Tech department to convey ideas for technology solutions  • Developer building and delivering on solutions for Operations  • Manager of developers ensuring buildout of solutions meets user requirements  • Test manager and tester to ensure solutions are robust and work as desired Java Tutor Raymore-Peculiar High School Java 2016 to 2017 tutor (1 of 2 total tutors)    • Hand selected to perform as a tutor due to knowledge and passion for programming  • Analyze student code and efficiency  • Work with students on various levels of programming knowledge and directly assist them in completing projects, debugging code and understanding computer programming Education Associates Degree in Computer Science and Information Systems in Cybersecurity Metropolitan Community College Skills Customer Service, Software Development, It Service Management, Office Administration, MySQL, Python Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+ CompTIA Network+ CompTIA Linux+ Additional Information Working on Security+
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1139.html#157:::Data Processing Caging Support Specialist;Database Manager;Data Entry;Excel:::Data Processing Caging Support Specialist Data Processing Caging Support Specialist Data Processing Caging Support Specialist Manchester, NH Work Experience Data Processing Caging Support Specialist Pep Direct - Wilton, NH 2007 to 2014 • Working with donation-processing department supporting their data processing requirements and assisting with other data processing tasks  • Analyze and convert client data for importing into caging database and exporting  from current systems into other systems.  • Develop and generate daily output files in a variety of customer specific formats  • Analyze and convert data into various file types and formats.  • Verify file structures, record layouts and manipulate data into various formats  • Able to analyze error reports and the associated data files to resolve the errors  • Sort pattern development, which requires learning the coding requirements to configure workflow and data requirements for each Caging client. This includes training to configure the software applications to the requirements of each document and test the workflow of new documents  • Identify system problems and provide resolutions  • Communicate effectively with mail houses, database vendors and clients Database Manager Easter Seals of New Hampshire - Manchester, NH 1990 to 2007 • Handled incoming donations and coding for the appropriate fund and donor  • Created reports for auditing and accounting purposes  • Administered training and set up database access to new users  • Maintained security of the database  • Created and managed coding for mailing per event/fun/campaign/appeal  • Imported and exported data from external sources  • Performed ongoing projects to include: monthly fund reconciliation, reporting for major gifts and other irregular details, organizing corporate pledge campaigns.  • Responsible for setting up registration for major events and working the different events throughout the year  • Worked closely with Board of Directors and Senior Staff    Prior job titles held included Development Administrator, Billing/Accounts Receivable, Cash Receipts and Payroll Clerk Education NH High School Skills Data Entry, Excel Additional Information • Proficient in MS Office, Razors Edge ( database), Prosper9 ( database), Crystal Reports and Medical Manager  • Skilled in problem solving and responsive to needs of clients, coworkers and management  • Poised, resourceful and adaptable to any office environment  • Organizational ability to handle multiple priorities and meet deadline schedules  • Attentive to detail, with sharp awareness of omissions/inaccuracies, and prompt to take corrective action  • A self-starter and quick study, eager to assume increasing levels of responsibility.  • Excellent customer service skills
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\114.html#158:::Oracle Database Administrator/ Consultant;Oracle Database Administrator;DBA, RMAN, RAC, UNIX, WINDOWS, ASM, GRID CONTROL, BACKUP AND RECOVERY, GOLDEN GATE:::Oracle Database Administrator/ Consultant Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span>/ Consultant Oracle Database Administrator/ Consultant Austell, GA Reliable, Responsible, Trusted & Proactive Oracle Database Administrator with expertise in crisis management, performance tuning, and high availability to increase reliability, maximize productivity and ensure system efficiencies. Adept at all stages of project lifecycle, from business requirements and technical definitions to testing, documentation, production support, training and completion. Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator/ Consultant Pishon Technologies Inc - Austell, GA April 2012 to May 2013 Set up new databases and provided all database related support for the production environment as well as provided consultancy services as needed to other organizations. Performed application installation, space estimation, performance/memory tuning, 24/7 server/ database monitoring, configuration and troubleshooting. Interacted with system administrator and design team on the best database practices.  ? Installing required operating systems, Oracle grid infrastructures & Oracle database software to meet the current needs and upgraded as required to meet the expansion needs of the company.  ? Creating, migrating and backing up database.  ? Monitoring database performance, securing & protecting information/ database with unique secure configurations, data encryption and masking procedures as well as with sophisticated auditing capabilities.  ? Ensuring fast and secure access to business applications round the clock. Oracle Database Administrator Optum technologies - Atlanta, GA August 2008 to April 2012 Performed all user requirements and troubleshooting activities as well as resolved connectivity issues. Implemented, administrated, and maintained daily backup and archived data on tape. Created user accounts & system/user-level database objects managed user privileges.  ? Installing Oracle software, planning the database & security strategy, enrolling system users and planning for their Oracle Network access.  ? Ensuring proper configuration and security on all database servers.  ? Running complex queries to retrieve data from multiple tables, ensuring fast and secure access to business application. Education Bachelor of Science in Goegraphy University of ADO - A?? 1996 to 2001 Skills DBA, RMAN, RAC, UNIX, WINDOWS, ASM, GRID CONTROL, BACKUP AND RECOVERY, GOLDEN GATE Additional Information Technical Skills    ? Provided 24x7 production support for Oracle 11g/10g databases on various platforms.  ? Proficient in all DBA responsibilities such as Installation, Configuration, Upgrades, Patches, Performance Tuning using OEM and DB Optimizer, Backup, Recovery, Cloning, Space management, Database Security, Auditing, Troubleshooting, Database Design, Unix Shell Scripting and Documentation.  ? Implement Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control (OEM 11g/10g) for centralized monitoring and administration.  ? Planned and implemented high availability solutions using Oracle 11g/10g RAC; Standby Database using Oracle Data Guard and Replication, Golden gate  ? Operating Systems: Installation and Configuration of Unix/Linux, Windows NT 2000-08 for Oracle installation.  ? Tools: SQL*Plus, Enterprise Manager, Grid Control, SQL Loader, ERwin, RMAN, AWR, Scheduler, Data Pump, RAC, Partitioning, Active Data Guard, Unix Shell Scripting, ASM, Data Archiving, TOAD, MobaxTerm, SecureCRT.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1140.html#159:::MS SQL Server Database Administrator;Customer Process Associate;SQL;DNS;TCP/IP;SHARK;BGP;Sql Server;Sql Dba:::MS SQL Server Database Administrator MS SQL Server <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> MS SQL Server Database Administrator Fair Oaks, CA To seek a challenging, resourceful, adaptive career that allows me to expand my knowledge and enhances my skills and be a part of the team that helps the organization to achieve success. Work Experience MS SQL Server Database Administrator INFOSYS - Hyderabad, Telangana March 2014 to September 2016 Telangana)  • Provided first level support to the users by creating and assigning tickets using ticketing tools such as ITSM, Techease.  • Appropriately identified the severity of an incident and logged all the information into the tracking system using correct categorization and prioritization.  • Monitored, maintained and followed up on all tickets and ensured that the work is performed accurately.  • Strong working knowledge on Microsoft Windows server 2008/2008R2/2012.  • Regularly monitored the databases, servers which included jobs monitoring, disk space monitoring, services monitoring and monitoring SQL server health.  • Experienced in creating, scheduling and troubleshooting of SQL Server Agent jobs.  • Diagnosed the job errors and implemented solutions or worked with the development team to fix the errors and ensured the successful completion of the job.  • Responsible for setting up security and providing user access to SQL Server instances and objects and deleting the user account from the security logins.  • Worked on SQL Server 2012 migration from SQL Server 2008, SQL Server 2008R2 which involved creating and modifying databases, tables, stored procedures, views, indexes as required on the SQL Server.  • Provided regular incident and change notifications (planned & unplanned) to impacted lines of business and senior managers with appropriate data including business impact, application affected and relevant details regarding incident resolution.  • Monitored the backup jobs and performed the backup and restoration of databases when necessary.  • Performed data export and import as required in the SQL server using SSMS.  • Experienced working with SQL clustering and troubleshooting server issues in a clustered environment.  • Documented all the process changes, troubleshooting steps in Word documents.  • Worked with the developers and performed deployments in UAT and Production environments.  • Performed the quality assurance checks before and after the UAT and Production deployments.  • Experienced in working with SQL tools such as SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS) and office tools such as Microsoft Word, Excel.  • Experienced in working with SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS).  • Checked the connectivity issues to the server using ping, trace route and escalated complex network issues to the network administrators.  • Experienced in troubleshooting blocking, dead locking, log file growth and server related issues.  • Experienced in using System Center Operations Manager (SCOM) for servers monitoring in various environments and troubleshooting the alerts generated in SCOM.  • Knowledge of HA/DR options such as database mirroring and log shipping, active directory, performance tuning. Customer Process Associate AMAZON - Hyderabad, Telangana July 2013 to December 2013 Telangana)    • Determined the customer needs, set appropriate expectations and provided solution for the customer.  • Consistently composed a grammatically correct, concise and accurate written response to customer issues via email.  • Approached problems logically and with good judgment to ensure appropriate customer satisfaction.  • Clearly understood and responded appropriately to the issues that customer presented.  • Supported customer with online billing and account issues.  • Provided information on the shipments to the customers and helped them avail the packages.  • Collected customer feedback and made process changes to exceed customer satisfaction goals. Education Bachelor's Skills SQL, DNS, TCP/IP, SHARK, BGP, Sql Server, Sql Dba Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    Office tools: MS Word, Excel, Power point, Outlook  Network Securities: NAT/PAT, VPNs, IPSec  Protocols: TCP/IP, UDP, RIP, BGP, SSH, DHCP, DNS, FTP, HTTP  Software: Wire Shark  Devices: Juniper 210, 220, 240  Programming language: SQL    *AUTHORIZED TO WORK IN THE U.S.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1141.html#160:::Account Manager;E-Commerce Manager / Customer Service Representative;Database Administrator - Intern;SQL;C++;FORTRAN;SAS;LINUX:::Account Manager Account Manager Account Manager - Sunny Shower USA, Inc Walnut, CA Work Experience Account Manager Sunny Shower USA, Inc - S el Monte, CA February 2018 to Present • Traveled to clients and vendor meetings.  • Led and maximized sales and achieve monthly and annual sales goals.  • Grew revenue for business.  • Managed the sales forecasts.  • Worked in a rapidly expanding and changing environment.  • Anticipated and creatively resolved problems though sales process.  • Assured continual account satisfaction via maximum responsiveness, superior service  levels, and personalized customer care.  • Identified opportunities for further expansion of services among current client base.  • Participated in necessary training, selling techniques and methods, and product capability  workshops to stay current in business. E-Commerce Manager / Customer Service Representative Sunny Shower USA, Inc - S el Monte, CA January 2017 to February 2018 • Managed E-Commerce accounts, such as Amazon.com, eBay.com, Houzz.com, Walmart.com, WooCommerce, and Shopify.  • Responsible for all order entry, return authorizations, issuing refund, cancellations, shipping, and customer service issues.  • Worked with our technical department and manufacturer for product knowledges to ensure the customer was fully satisfied.  • Performed detailed and in-depth research to obtain solutions for customers pertaining to theirs requires.  • Collected customer feedbacks and meticulously research each of reviews to achieve  customer satisfaction and consistently meet performance benchmarks in all areas. Database Administrator - Intern Lien Hua Industrial Corp - Taipei, TW May 2016 to September 2016 Assisted the Senior Analyst in maintaining the company's database using the SQL  programming language.  • Created data analysis report for different departments to improve the efficiency of the business.  • Communicated to the Senior Developer about bugs on the application.  • Tested pre-launch application to ensure the program would run smoothly before it is  rolled out to the public.  • Used data analysis to forecast marketing trends. Education Master of Applied and Computational Mathematics in Applied and Computational Mathematics Florida State University - Tallahassee, FL August 2014 to December 2016 Bachelor of Science in Mathematics in Mathematics Tamkang University - New Taipei City, TW September 2007 to June 2011 Skills SQL, C++, FORTRAN, SAS, LINUX Additional Information SKILLS  Office Suite  • Microsoft Office Suite, QuickBook  Programming Language  • Fortran, C++, GUN Octave, Matlab, Maple, SAS, SQL  Operating System  • Windows, Linux
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1142.html#161:::Database Administrator Intern;Data Analyst Intern;Desktop Support Specialist in IT Services;Process Associate;Data flux;Database;Sql server;Mysql;Sql;Etl;Power bi;Html;Php;Python;Reporting tools;Tableau;Jira;Data warehousing;Css;Cost analysis;Bi;Integration:::Database Administrator Intern <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Intern Database Administrator Intern - Protech Solutions Inc Little Rock, AR 3 years of professional experience as MS SQL Server/ETL developer in process design and implementation  GUI, Data Analysis and Network Administration.  Experience in designing, developing and testing of the ETL processes to populate data from various source  systems.  Robust understanding of ERP Systems, logical & physical Database design & development, data conversion &  Normalization.  Profound understanding of Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW) concepts including OLTP/OLAP, Excellent  knowledge in Dimensional Modeling, ER Modeling, Star Schema/Snowflake Schema, FACT and Dimensional  tables.  Expert in writing complex queries, stored procedures, cursors, triggers, views and user-defined functions for data  consistency and manipulation.  Worked extensively on Power BI and created Reports/Dashboards using different type of Slicers and different  Visualizations like Bar Charts, Line Charts, Graphs, and Pie Charts etc. to make it more attractive and explored  data in a Variety of ways and across multiple visualizations using Power BI.  Hands-on experience with creating solution driven views and dashboards by developing different chart types  including.  Robust understanding of Database Management system (DBMS) and Relational Database Management System  (RDBMS).  Worked with System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) methodologies including Waterfall, Agile -Scrum  Framework.  Self-motivated, Work independently with analytical Skill, time management and Creative thinking, good verbal  and written communication skills. Work Experience Database Administrator Intern Protech Solutions Inc July 2019 to Present • Work and Support development team during design and coding.  • Troubleshoot performance problems, fine-tuning of databases and index Analysis  • Knowledge in stored procedures and functions. Experience in Clustering.  • Experience in using dictionaries and finding long running queries.  • Experience in Import, Export, Backup, Recovery, Database Monitoring tools and Application support.  • Expertise in Database Administration on Production Servers with server configuration, performance tuning  and maintenance. Data Analyst Intern Noetic Partners Inc April 2019 to June 2019 • Development of Reference Data dictionary to help identify data types representing each unique identifier.  • Writing Definitions for Data fields to be integrated and implemented into working Model.  • Supporting Noetic Business requirements.  • Understanding of financial markets and how data is curated in the industry for the different use cases. Desktop Support Specialist in IT Services UA Little Rock December 2017 to December 2018 Worked with the clients to resolve the issues related to the Installation, Network, Troubleshoot, Client Assistance via phone or remotely.  • Collaborate with existing vendors to evaluate the new technology that is available and make recommendations  to management on using that technology.  • Monitor the performance of the company's desktop infrastructure and make suggestions for improving  efficiency.  • Evaluate applications and software patches for desktop applications to see if they will solve desktop issues.  • Estimation, diagramming (Activity, Use Case, Sequence Diagram) and daily reporting Change/constraints for the applications and Employee Activities. Process Associate Suntec India Pvt. Ltd November 2013 to December 2016 Worked as a Developer in creating complex Stored Procedures, SSIS packages, triggers, cursors, tables, and views and other SQL joins and statements for the applications.  • Performed Data mapping for extraction and loading.  • Responsible for Disaster Recovery, backups, database optimization.  • Expert in developing multiple kinds of Power BI Reports and Dashboards.  • Analyze data in a Variety of ways and across multiple visualizations using Power BI.  • Used SSIS to transform data into SQL database via FTP from Text files, MS Excel as source.  • Heavily involved in query optimization and troubleshoot long running queries.  • Wrote complex stored procedures, triggers and functions.  • Used Performance Monitor and SQL Profiler to optimize queries.  • Enhanced the performance of database servers. Education Master of Science in Information Quality University of Arkansas at Little Rock - Little Rock, AR December 2018 Bachelor of Engineering in Information Technology Uttar Pradesh Technical University - Noida, Uttar Pradesh June 2013 Skills Data flux, Database, Sql server, Mysql, Sql, Etl, Power bi, Html, Php, Python, Reporting tools, Tableau, Jira, Data warehousing, Css, Cost analysis, Bi, Integration Links http://linkedin.com/in/dxyadav1 Assessments Data Analysis — Familiar June 2019 Measures a candidate's skill in interpreting and producing graphs, identifying trends, and drawing justifiable conclusions from data. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/xgzamtiqxnycfu9j Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1143.html#162:::Data/ QA Analyst;Data/Business Analyst - DXC;Business Analyst;Oracle Database Administrator;Data analysis;Database;Microsoft access;Oracle;Sql;C++;Ms project;Python;Linux;Red hat;Unix;Erwin;Rman;Ms office;Excel;Windows 7;Import/export;Loader;QA;Quality Assurance:::Data/ QA Analyst Data/ QA Analyst Data/ QA Analyst - Tata Consultancy Services A highly motivated analyst with experience in interpreting, analyzing and reconciliation of data obtained from a variety of sources; skills involve development and enhancement of the existing processes and methods to meet both internal and external analysis requirements; proficient with the prevailing analytical tools, various presentation software and possesses strong and effective communication skills essential in conveying results in analysis and investigations conducted. Work Experience Data/ QA Analyst Tata Consultancy Services October 2018 to Present Client- AXA  Duties/Responsibilities  • Analyzed Anti-Money laundering and Fraud data and helped the team in writing BIDs.  • Collaborated effectively with the offshore team to develop BIDs.  • Used Hadoop or Big Play in analyzing the data.  • Used SQL to query databases and to mockup data for testing purposes.  • Assisted in Detection and Regression testing  • Tested the defects in the front-end environment.  • Used Service Now to log new defects which were found as part of testing.  • Used WINSCP to run batches and test the UI environment.  • Worked with the development team to fix the issues/defects as part of the releases.  • Shadowed senior analysts in the IT department to for problem solving and in analyzing and closing defects.  • Used Scrum Methodology for projects and have actively been part of Sprint planning and Backlog grooming.  • Used the VSTS board to manage the tasks assigned to me. Data/Business Analyst - DXC Client- BCBSA April 2017 to October 2018 Adaptable Data Analyst skilled in interpreting and analyzing data in the Health Insurance Industry for BCBSA. Proficient in all aspects of Excel. Experienced in preparing detailed documents and reports while managing complex internal and external data analysis responsibilities  Accomplishments:  • Completed urgent ad-hoc reporting requests for various levels of management within required timeframes and with 95% accuracy.  • Took over responsibility for and automated issuing monthly Insight Report for management. Reduced preparation time by at least 50% each month.  • Created a series of process models and charts which became a strong base for developers to work on and engendered successful results  Duties/Responsibilities  • Gathered requirements from the Business and created BRD's and reviewed them to determine impact and required actions  • Collaborated with stakeholder groups across the organization to ensure business and technology alignment. Proposed solutions meeting defined specifications and needs.  • Performed quality assurance, system integration and user acceptance testing facilitating on-time.  • Analyzed Claims, Enrollment, Provider and Case Management data coming in daily.  • Collect and analyze data in preparation for statistical and analytical reports.  • Identify and analyze trends and patterns, specifically in complex data sets.  • Created S2T mappings based on requirements from the Business.  • Created new Data Models in Erwin as per requirements.  • Performed UAT/QA testing.  • Identify new process improvement opportunities and ensure that appropriate measures are taken to ensure improvements.  • Increased the performance of SQL running in Production by fine tuning the queries  • Provided On-call Production Support during weekdays and weekends.  • Investigated problems through to resolution, interacted effectively with teams from various disciplines to find the resolution of problems and generated in-depth Root Cause Analysis reports.  • Created flow charts and process flows for other team members to understand the system better.  • Ascertain that integrity and confidentiality of data and data systems by ensuring that appropriate measures have been taken.  • Created Excel spreadsheets and Loaded data into MDH (Meta Data Hub Repository).  • Performed data analysis on a regular basis through running SQL queries in TOAD.  • Identify and obtained data from different sources to ensure its integrity is maintainable.  • Wrote reports and created charts in support of business operations Business Analyst RecruitTek September 2016 to February 2017 Performed necessary research to fully understand business issues. Analysed operations and or other data, and worked with management to set and modify distribution goals  Accomplishments:  • Reduced operational costs up to 40% through efficient cost-benefit analysis for various ongoing and upcoming projects.  • Developed several successful business strategy prototypes based on the company's customers' requirements.  Duties/Responsibilities  • Develops project plans and schedules using defined procedures  • Negotiates scope and deliverables with operational procedures and concepts.  • Defined configuration specifications and business analysis requirements  • Defined reporting and alerting requirements  • Monitored trends and participates in strategic planning as well as team and quality performance reviews.  • Worked with other departments and provide technical guidance to others within the department.  • Constantly be on the lookout for ways to improve monitoring, discover issues and deliver better value to the customer  • Ran queries and generating reports using SQL, ORACLE database. Oracle Database Administrator HTN Wireless September 2015 to August 2016 Provided service focused technical support to achieve effective troubleshooting, resolution of issues, and maximum customer satisfaction. Level1-2 support for all database questions, problems and policies Distribute and oversee projects and tasks issued to the DBA team.    Duties/Responsibilities  • Installation, Configuration and Administration of Oracle 11g and 12c Enterprise Edition databases on Red Hat Linux  • Familiar with enabling and disabling constraints  • Familiar with installing Oracle Virtual box and creating VM's and install CentOS operating system.  • Experience with Virtualization technologies like installing, configuring, VMware Client. Creation, management, administration and maintenance of virtual servers and clients.  • Logged in remotely and implemented various tasks which included monitoring, updating, configuring and troubleshooting VMware hosts and VMs.  • Configured TNSNAMES.ORA and LISTENER.ORA  • Diagnosed user connectivity issues related to TNS entries/service names and listener issues  • Managed user security by creating users and granting privileges, lock/ unlock users, password resets and drop user requests  • Managed user profiles related to password security settings, failed login attempts and password lifetime  • Troubleshoot database issues by checking the alert log, listener status.  • Identified and killed blocking sessions.  • Created AWR reports for diagnosing wait events and database performance issues  • Resolved space issues in local mount point (deleting old dumps, zipping the alert log and deleting obsolete backups and archive logs)  • Schema and table level refresh using traditional import export and Data pump utility  • Performed full Database Refresh using RMAN  • Enabled and disabled archive log mode for hot backup  • Familiar with setting up RMAN parameters for database backup to disc, retention policy and spfile backup  • Maintained and Implemented incremental level 0 and level1 RMAN backups through crontab.  • Restored & recovered database using RMAN.  • Checked integrity and availability of RMAN backups and delete obsolete backups.  • Managed tablespaces by adding datafiles in both local mount point and in ASM  • Implemented ASM as storage management, manage ASM disk groups via ASMCMD and Grid Control.  • Experience in Administrating RAC Databases using SRVCTL.  • Worked with application team to test their scripts in lower environment prior to implementation in production Education MBA Northwestern Polytechnic University September 2015 to December 2016 MS in Aeronautical Engineering University of South Wales January 2013 to September 2014 Skills Data analysis, Database, Microsoft access, Oracle, Sql, C++, Ms project, Python, Linux, Red hat, Unix, Erwin, Rman, Ms office, Excel, Windows 7, Import/export, Loader, QA, Quality Assurance Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohammed-minhajuddin-66057465
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1144.html#163:::Consultant;Team Lead & Social Media Ambassador;Database Administrator & IT Assistant;Business Analyst & Consultant;Sharepoint (Less than 1 year);Project Management (1 year);Business Analysis (1 year);Business Process Improvement (1 year);Excel;Word;Powerpoint;Social Media Marketing (Less than 1 year);Data Entry (1 year);Database Administration (1 year);Sharepoint (Less than 1 year):::Consultant Consultant Consultant - Enterprise Resource Performance Inc Falls Church, VA Work Experience Consultant Enterprise Resource Performance Inc October 2018 to Present • Provides project management support to the Bureau of Navy Medicine's (BUMED's) Capabilities Integration leadership in an effort to identify priorities, enhance efficiencies, and increase communication across all Operational Medicine and Capabilities Development (M9) codes  • Directly supports client by prioritizing and completing deliverables and tasks such as curating meeting minutes, completing comment review matrixes, meeting coordination, data analysis projects, managing tasker distribution systems, and creating and routing action packages  • Designed, presented, and implemented framework for creating an intuitive SharePoint site to replace outdated application and act as a repository for storing data, documents, and workflows. Directly managed SharePoint development and fostered collaboration between IT Department and client to organize documents and launch site with functionality to better streamline client business processes  • Serves as Point of Contact (POC) for client SharePoint site and manages permissions, announcements, calendar, uploads, and organizational upkeep of the site  • Ensures new hires are properly onboarded at Defense Health Headquarters including training, payroll, parking, space relocation, and obtaining Controlled Access Cards (CAC)  • Manages all client travel processes, ensuring completion and routing of travel forms for client and their affiliates, as well as creating a master travel spreadsheet including formulas to track and calculate travel costs Team Lead & Social Media Ambassador Barstool Sports October 2017 to May 2018 • Promoted company and products using social media platforms  • Managed team of content creators to engage VCU students on social media accounts  • Expanded Barstool VCU followers from 400 to 3,400 in six months on Instagram account Database Administrator & IT Assistant American Medical Group Association June 2015 to August 2017 • Managed database using Excel spreadsheets and Integrated Management Information System (IMIS)  • Updated and edited company website images?  • Conducted product set up by creating PDFs from Annual Compensation Survey and uploading them to online store  • Managed Annual Compensation Survey orders, data cleanup, and administered software updates company wide Business Analyst & Consultant VCU International Consulting Program May 2017 to June 2017 • Identified issues, established objectives and made recommendations for specific U.S. and Mexico clients  ? Assisted U.S. - based Henry Ford Entrepreneurship Academy explore and analyze international markets for program growth  ? Aided Mexico - based Avocados Vallejo explore capabilities, distribution channels, packaging technologies, and permits necessary for exportation of avocados into U.S. markets Education Bachelor of Science in Business Administration & Management Virginia Commonwealth University 2018 Skills Sharepoint (Less than 1 year), Project Management (1 year), Business Analysis (1 year), Business Process Improvement (1 year), Excel, Word, Powerpoint, Social Media Marketing (Less than 1 year), Data Entry (1 year), Database Administration (1 year), Sharepoint (Less than 1 year) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/eric-stavenjord Additional Information RELEVANT SKILLS    MS Office Suite (Word, Excel & PowerPoint) MS Sharepoint  Project Management Business Analysis  Business Process Improvement Social Media Marketing
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1145.html#164:::Used Truck Sales;Benefit Support Specialist / Tech Support;IT Administrator/ Database Management Specialist;HTML (1 year);DATA ENTRY (3 years);MICROSOFT EXCEL (5 years);MICROSOFT POWERPOINT (5 years):::Used Truck Sales Used Truck Sales Used Truck Sales - MHC Kenworth Marietta, GA Work Experience Used Truck Sales MHC Kenworth - Mableton, GA June 2018 to Present ? Facilitates the purchasing and selling of equipment up to a quarter million dollars per unit.  ? Finds, grows, and maintains quality customers relationships with a wide range of prospects  ? Developed a complete knowledge of the industry in order to help with the construction of customers business  models  ? Aids in assessing the viability and formulation of financing and lending agreements. Benefit Support Specialist / Tech Support BenefitMall - Alpharetta, GA May 2017 to May 2018 Assists in the processing of insurance quotes and registration in fast-paced, high volume office atmosphere.  ? Utilizes multiple web platforms to generate insurance quotes for small to medium sized businesses.  ? Ensures all relevant information is provided and consistent throughout quote/enrollment process. Make sure  quotes are done in a timely manner. Perform various roles on as-needed basis to relieve caseload.  ? Provides tech support on office computers, copiers, and fax machines as well as network troubleshooting IT Administrator/ Database Management Specialist Transport Enterprise Leasing - Chattanooga, TN February 2015 to May 2017 ? Performed daily management and allocation of escrow funds over hundreds of accounts, totaling over one  million dollars. Maintained a high level of attention to detail while abiding by strict company standards for security and confidentiality.  ? Redesigned database systemization and streamlined protocol for monitoring all debits and credits to company  and employee accounts. Automated practices of data entry, saving company time and money; developed and implemented best practices to reduce the rate of error associated with data management.  ? Acted as the formal liaison between the company personnel and IT staff. Facilitated several IT projects which implemented enhanced technical practices, allowed heightened levels of communication and efficiency.  ? Maintained personnel files of company staff and independent contractors as well as business information  pertinent to company.  ? Created social media presence and ran social media campaigns promoting best standards of business, corporate safety, maintenance and other information for employees and independent contractors. Education Bachelor's in Business Administration in Business Administration Kennesaw State University - Kennesaw, GA August 2010 to December 2016 Skills HTML (1 year), DATA ENTRY (3 years), MICROSOFT EXCEL (5 years), MICROSOFT POWERPOINT (5 years) Additional Information SKILLS     Management: Using my excellent written and verbal abilities and extensive management knowledge to create an efficient work environment, while promoting team synergy and growth. I thrive in collecting, organizing and presenting information in a targeted manner to all levels of an organization.    Technical Skills: Proficiency in Microsoft Word, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Project, Photoshop, Data Entry Software, HTML, Saleforce.    Leadership Skills: Taking initiative and responsibility to ensure quality service, skills, and a strong team effort.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1146.html#165:::Data Analyst;Database Administrator;Hostess/ Server Assistant/ Prep Cook;Receptionist for Admissions Department;Customer Service Skills (2 years);Microsoft Word (10+ years);Google Drive (6 years);R Commander (Less than 1 year);Oracle Dba;Oracle Database;Excel;MS Office;Microsoft Office;Powerpoint:::Data Analyst Data Analyst Atlanta, GA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Data Analyst Peach State Health Plan - Smyrna, GA June 2019 to Present • Expedite File Cleanups  • Accurately save provider files  • Accept incoming/outgoing calls to providers  • Record provider information via phone and email  • Proficient in Xerox scanning and copying machines Database Administrator Global Employment Solutions - Chicago, IL July 2016 to Present Worked for Related Management Co:  ? Put information into Microsoft Word spreadsheets  ? Transferred data from spreadsheets into company database Hostess/ Server Assistant/ Prep Cook Iberian Pig - Decatur, GA July 2018 to June 2019 Hostess — Ensure customer satisfaction during incoming/outgoing calls; Book reservations via Open Table; Escort customers to their seats, the restroom, etc.    Servers Assistant— Make meaningful conversations with patrons; Create a warm and welcoming environment for guests; go above and beyond to guarantee a memorable experience    Prep Cook— Learned cutting techniques from The julienne to chiffonade; memorized recipes; exceeded par numbers each week; Receptionist for Admissions Department Oxford College - Oxford, GA January 2016 to May 2017 Worked as Receptionist for Admissions Department:   ? Answer phone/work switchboard  ? Mingle with prospective students and families  ? Running errands around campus  ? Assisting with inventory Education Associate in Psychology Oxford College of Emory University - Oxford, GA August 2015 to Present Bachelor's in Psychology and Philosophy Emory University - Atlanta, GA August 2015 to May 2019 Skills Customer Service Skills (2 years), Microsoft Word (10+ years), Google Drive (6 years), R Commander (Less than 1 year), Oracle Dba, Oracle Database, Excel, MS Office, Microsoft Office, Powerpoint Certifications/Licenses QPR June 2018 to June 2020
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1147.html#166:::Database and Application Administrator;INTERN;DBA;Oracle Database;Sql Database;Oracle Dba;MYSQL:::Database and Application Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> and Application <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database and Application Administrator - ACCENTURE Work Experience Database and Application Administrator ACCENTURE October 2017 to Present • Handling monitoring day to day process of data flows  • Supporting the User/Clients through investigating and fixing specific issues INTERN BANGKO SENTRAL NG PILIPINAS - Manila November 2016 to March 2017 script  • VB.Net • Quality assurance  • Microsoft Office(Power Point, • Technical Documentation  Access, Word, Excel) • Technologies Used: AS400  • Object-Oriented Programming  • Adobe Photoshop  • Adobe Flash/Animate  • Computer Literate REFERENCE  • Shell  • Java • Winston Palma  • C# IT Consultant Teligent System Inc. 09178119801  • ASP.Net  • Vennis Sacro  • Application Used: PHP Software Engineer Accenture Inc. 09162379960  Designer, Netbeans, SQL  Developer • Lorraine Pacheco  Application Development Team Lead Accenture Inc. 09175584225 Education BACHELOR OF SCIENCE IN INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY in INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ADAMSON UNIVERSITY - Manila 2013 to 2017 Skills DBA, Oracle Database, Sql Database, Oracle Dba, MYSQL
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1148.html#167:::Administrator(s), Computer Technician, Database Administrator (SQL), and Web Developer/GIS;Sql;Html;Javascript;Python;Css:::Administrator(s), Computer Technician, Database Administrator (SQL), and Web Developer/GIS <span class="hl">Administrator</span>(s), Computer Technician, <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> (SQL), and Web Developer/GIS Administrator(s), Computer Technician, Database Administrator (SQL), and Web Developer/GIS Enthusiastic and eager learner looking to apply knowledge of programming and analytics, demonstrate  proficiency in problem-solving, and further develop new skills. Work Experience Administrator(s), Computer Technician, Database Administrator (SQL), and Web Developer/GIS Henderson County's IT department August 2016 to May 2019 August 2016 to May 2019; Two years working under multiple different IT related titles: Network  Administrator(s), Computer Technician, Database Administrator (SQL), and Web Developer/GIS  Coordinator (JavaScript, HTML, CSS) for Henderson County's IT department Group Home June 2015 to August 2015 Worked in a Group Home scanning, editing, emailing, and filing  documents Education BSc. in Computer Science University of North Carolina at Asheville - Asheville, NC August 2016 to May 2019 BSc. in Computer Science University of North Carolina at Charlotte - Charlotte, NC Skills Sql, Html, Javascript, Python, Css Links https://github.com/Benotti-Finotti Additional Information Skills    ? Soft skills: Teamwork, research, ? Languages: Java, SQL, Python, R,  problem-solving JavaScript, HTML, CSS  ? Methodologies: Agile, and Waterfall ? Software: Tableau, MS Office Suite,  development Eclipse, Netbeans, PyCharm, Jupyter Notebook  ? Operating Systems: Windows, Android,  iOS
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1149.html#168:::Database Administrator;Database Administrator;Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;DATA MIGRATION;DATABASE;DATABASE DESIGN;ORACLE;REPLICATION:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator - Surescripts Minneapolis, MN I'm an accomplished and a seasoned Database Administrator and IT security expert with over 8 years of experience with extensive knowledge and proficiency in Database design, Monitoring & Tuning, Migration, Upgrades, Scripting, Backup & Recovery, Cloning, Replication, and Security Implementations. I'm also proficient in an assortment of technologies including Oracle 10g, 11g and 12c, and MS SQL Server. I possess exceptional written, verbal, analytical and organizational abilities. Proven leader with motivational management style, a solid reputation for building and retaining highly motivated teams and development of innovative solutions. An energetic achiever who can successfully manage multiple priorities and perform tremendously under pressure. Work Experience Database Administrator Surescripts - Minneapolis, MN December 2018 to Present Surescripts, Minneapolis, MN December 2018 - Present  Database Administrator    • Utilize the System development life cycle (SDLC) methodology for designing, analysis, development and implementation of databases.  • Implement a backup strategy following company SLA; execution of backup schedule for both physical and logical backups using RMAN and DATAPUMP utilities respectively. I also use block change tracking (BCT) which reduces backup time from 8hrs down to 45mins.  • Champion the Installation and configuration of Oracle 10g, 11g, 12c on both Windows and Linux platforms using DBCA as well upgrade from lower to higher environments using DBUA. Also install, administer and maintain SQL server instances 2008 and 2012.  • Apply Oracle's quarterly Critical Patch Update (CPU/ PSU application) using OPatch utility to install, test, and deploy patches to all database instances.  • Implement a security policy utilizing Advanced Security features like Transparent Data Encryption (TDE) that protects sensitive data from malicious users and software. Also ensure the access security using Authorization, Authentication and Auditing.  • Perform data extraction, transformation and loading (ETL) using SQL Loader, external tables and Data Pump  • Perform monthly performance reports using reporting systems such as Crystal Reports for trend analysis and capacity planning.  • Perform Data Guard switchover/failover as per the requirements as well configure RAC systems to ensure High Availability and Scalability.  • Extensively use AWR, ADDM reports, EXPLAIN PLAN and SQL Tuning Advisor for periodic database and SQL statements performance tuning.  • Work with SQL developers on constructing effective PL/SQL programs and packages to improve on the customer/user experience.  • Perform day to day administrative tasks by analyzing the database like checking and monitoring for failed processors, verifying the query for issues, validating disk space, checking critical alerts and thresholds and using OEM Database Administrator State of Minnesota, DHS - Saint Paul, MN April 2014 to November 2018 Database Administrator State of Minnesota, Department of Human Services - Saint Paul, MN April 2014 to November 2018 • Deployed Database security policy and installation, using passwords, privileges and user profiles. Utilize Oracle Transparent Data Encryption (TDE) to encrypt columns, tables and Tablespaces, I also implement the "triple A" (AAA) and database auditing policies as well as data redaction.  • Performed database, SQL and PL/SQL tuning, using AWR, ADDM, EXPLAIN PLAN, TKPROF, SQL Tuning Advisors, for better performance  • Design and implement resilient systems that involves backup and recovery strategies using RMAN, FRA, and Recovery Catalog for disaster recovery and data archiving to ensure effective protection and integrity of data assets.  • Scripting to automate operations and administrative activities  • Performed user management, assigning roles and profiles, maintaining system security through monitoring user access to the database and auditing their use of the database  • Monitoring Oracle database services on a UNIX/ Linux Operating System environment, and on OEM.  • Install and administer Oracle Physical Standby Database for single and multiple instances to achieve high availability and DR solution (DATA GUARD).  • Performed database Refreshes from production environments using RMAN Duplicate and Data Pump impdp/expdp.  • Install and configure the Oracle Golden Gate software on Unix/Linux platform for both Unidirectional and Bidirectional replication.  • Capacity planning to meet the demands of the dynamic aspects of storage and memory for the databases  • Carry out quarterly patches, maintenance and upgrade of production, development and test databases. Oracle Database Administrator Medtronic - Mounds View, MN June 2011 to March 2014 CHRONOLOGICAL EXPERIENCE    Medtronic, Mounds View, MN June 2011 - March 2014  Oracle Database Administrator  • Improved the performance of databases using tools such as AWR, ADDM, Explain Plan, SQL Trace, TKPROF and SQL Tuning Advisor and ensured the monitoring of databases using OEM's Grid Control  • Performed Oracle installations, upgrades, instance configuration, maintenance and troubleshooting using tools like DBCA, OFA and DBUA  • Designed and implemented a backup and recovery strategies following the company's SLA agreements using RMAN for Full, incremental, hot and cold backups as well as block chain tracking that greatly reduced incremental backup time  • Supported daily administration, monitoring, tuning, and troubleshooting on single instance on UNIX/Linux, Windows server 2008 and 20012 ( Database sizes range 100GB to 21TB).  • Used range, hash and composite table partitioning which greatly decreased the database backup and SQL Execution time. Also performed instance tuning by changing init.ora parameters and managed parameters such as shared_pool_size and db_cache_size with the use of AMM and ASMM.  • Managed database security by creating, assigning appropriate roles, profiles and privileges to users depending on the user activity, auditing, and performing other security related tasks including Transparent Data Encryption.  • Installed and administered Oracle Physical Standby Database for single and multiple instances to achieve high availability and DR solution (DATA GUARD).  • Worked with developers on constructing effective PL/SQL programs and packages.  • Cloned, patched and implemented upgrades and migrations.  • Migrated and Installed Oracle 11gR2 servers, wrote technical documents for team support and best practices.  • Performed database Refreshes from production environments  • Used DMLs, DDLs and Select statements in creating database objects, inserting data and querying databases.  • Capacity planning (supported 3 tier architecture, planning of tables, indexes, tablespaces and databases) to allow for growth potential and analyze data growth trends for capacity and resources. Education B. Sc in Biochemistry University of Buea Associates in Health Information Technology in Health Information Technology Anoka Technical College Skills DATA MIGRATION, DATABASE, DATABASE DESIGN, ORACLE, REPLICATION
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\115.html#169:::Database Administrator;Database Administrator;Junior DBA:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator ? A dependable and diligent professional offering several years of diversified customer service/ IT Experience.  ? Dedicated to achieving customer satisfaction as well as meeting or surpassing company expectations. Strong rapport with personnel, customers, and associates based on knowledge, professionalism, and integrity.  ? Manage multiple tasks, experienced in envisioning and implementing cost effective and result oriented strategy to create and boost awareness of business products and services. Work Experience Database Administrator Victory International Company - Atlanta, GA August 2012 to June 2013 Extensive hardware knowledge and working experience of optimizing system and database.  ? Enhance end user to understand the database pre-implementation and how to use the interface of the application  ? Extensive MS SQL Server Database Administration and Windows Server experience.  ? Experience of 3rd Party system and database, monitoring and reporting tools (Crystal  Report)  ? Responsible for designing, and backup and restoration and maintenance plan database.  ? Responsible for Configuring security profiles using SQL Server 2008 Management studio  ? Constantly monitor and ensure daily uptime as well as applying routine updates and database patches  ? Working closely with the technical department that oversees the department website, a PHP site using MySQL as the database backend  ? Responsible for creation of technical design Functional Specification Documents for Master Data Management Database  ? Work with development staff to document solution approach design.  ? Experience working in MS SQL DB environment, proven ability producing SQL queries, and understanding DB procedures.  Strong Office Suite skills and Visio skills.  ? Collaborate with business partners to ensure proper business requirements provided.  ? Strong communication skills, organization skills and ability to lead meetings. Database Administrator Visible Limousine and Transportation Serv - Atlanta, GA March 2011 to June 2012 Responsible for developing and maintaining the database for the organization  ? Designed table schemes, relation and permissions to ensure database integrity  ? Wrote SQL queries to data-mine information and generate reports.  ? Migrated pre-existing and legacy data from Excel to MS SQL Server  ? Created new tables, views, functions, triggers and store procedures.  ? Created scheduled jobs for nightly backup of the database.  ? Provide all aspects of database administration for multiple databases in a production environment.  ? Pro-actively ensure database systems are maintained at the highest level of support; plan/set procedures; provide reliable and secure systems for business applications.  ? Review database error messages, diagnose, and troubleshoot.  ? Contribute to project team efforts to ensure operational support requirements are implemented.  ? Schedule, monitor, and maintain database backup and recovery procedures which will protect the business.  ? Work closely with operations staff to ensure stable performance for the database environments, monitors, analyzes, identifies and resolves bottlenecks and resolves problems.  ? Ensure change management procedures and methodologies are implemented and followed.  ? Ensure data pertaining to the status of problems and service requests is entered into problem tracking systems accurately and promptly on a daily basis; provide an up-to-date picture of service delivery status and backlog.  ? Perform security updates.  ? Ensure client/server applications run successfully. Junior DBA Amiable Limousine - Atlanta, GA September 2008 to February 2010 Provided constant online or on-call assistance to end users for handling their queries  ? Maintained a backup and recovery option to retrieve the lost data    ? Draw up disaster recovery plans for critical and non-critical databases    ? Assisted in building strategies for installing and improving the database    ? Inspected the operations of the database as per the standards set by the organization Education DeVry University - Atlanta, GA 2014 Electrical/Electronics Engineering The Ibadan Polytechnic Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    Systems: Windows 2000 Server, Windows 2000 Professional, Windows NT/2000/XP/Vista/7/8  Software:  MS Project, MS Visio, Adobe Acrobat, Microsoft Office (2007, 2010, 2013) Management studio, SQL, EXCEL., Access, QA Testing tool, test direction version, MySQL.    SKILLS:  .  ? Consistently recognized for technical troubleshooting skills used to rapidly and cost-effectively resolve challenging technical issues.  ? Quickly learn and master new technology; equally successful in both team and self-directed settings; and proficient in a range of computer systems, tools and testing methodologies.  ? Understand the technical aspects of database organization, and how database organization affects computer and performance    ? Good communicate with users to ensure that all of the data requirements are met in the database design.  ? Excellent experience as a leader and a computer technician and troubleshooting.  ? Consistently recognized for technical troubleshooting skills used to rapidly and cost-effectively resolve challenging technical issues.  ? Quickly learner and master new technology; equally successful in both team and self-directed settings; and proficient in a range of computer systems, tools and testing methodologies.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1150.html#170:::Project Manager;Stylist;Administrative Assistant/ Database Administrator;Goal oriented;Administrative Assistant;Filing;Excel;Marketing;Receptionist;Scheduling;Sales;Word:::Project Manager Project Manager Houston, TX Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager Lazrador Cultivation - Castle Rock, CO November 2017 to June 2019 Turning ideas into reality   Oversaw and directed large groups of workers  Ensured quota was achieved  Teamwork   General maintenance Stylist Floyd's 99 Barbershop - Denver, CO August 2016 to November 2017 Used chemicals, scissors, trimmers, clippers, razors and brushes on clients. Administrative Assistant/ Database Administrator LuxHomesDenver - Denver, CO January 2010 to August 2016 Answering phones  Scheduling appointments   Screening clients/background checks  Bank deposits   Website maintenance   Checking clients in and out Education Cosmetology Toni & Guy Hairdressing Academy-Colorado Springs - Colorado Springs, CO July 2015 to June 2016 Music Musicians Institute - Hollywood, CA January 2011 to January 2012 Skills Goal oriented, Administrative Assistant, Filing, Excel, Marketing, Receptionist, Scheduling, Sales, Word Certifications/Licenses Driver's License
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1151.html#171:::Network Security and Database Administrator;Interim IT Manager;Network Technician;DBA;MYSQL;Postgresql;Sql Server;Sql Dba;Sql Database;Cisco;VPN;MPLS;Linux;Windows;LAN/WAN;PBX;SIP;Netwokr Security;Exchange Server;Asterisk;Active Directory:::Network Security and Database Administrator Network Security and <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Network Security and Database Administrator - Lipsey Logistics Worldwide Chattanooga, TN Work Experience Network Security and Database Administrator Lipsey Logistics Worldwide March 2017 to Present 5600 Brainerd Road, Suite E2    • Administered onsite PBX (FreePBX/ Asterisk), LAN/WAN, SQL databases, and Windows/Linux servers and workstations  • Implemented Disaster Recovery Plan and oversaw backups and testing.  • Networking: LAN/WAN, MPLS, VPN, L2, L3, QoS, VLAN, SAN, NAS.  • Telephony: VoIP, SIP, RTP, H.323, SDP, PoTS  • Developed and implemented inventory control software and process. Interim IT Manager Lipsey Logistics Worldwide November 2018 to January 2019 5600 Brainerd Road, Suite E2    • Managed ongoing and new software development projects.  • Implemented version control (git) and Agile development process using Jira/Confluence.  • Manage vendor/contractor agreements and services. Network Technician Comcast Cable April 2011 to March 2017 2030 East Polymer Drive    • Provided high-level support for HFC network.  • Train and mentor junior technicians and installers for cable, LAN/WAN, VOIP, and home automation.  • Lead team to test and deploy new technologies including Deep Fiber, DOCSIS 3, and X1. Education Certification Chattanooga State Technical Community College Skills DBA, MYSQL, Postgresql, Sql Server, Sql Dba, Sql Database, Cisco, VPN, MPLS, Linux, Windows, LAN/WAN, PBX, SIP, Netwokr Security, Exchange Server, Asterisk, Active Directory Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/jeremiahbas
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1152.html#172:::Programmer Analyst;Database Administrator;Help Desk Support;Computer Operator;Ms access;Sql;Epic;Excel;Outlook:::Programmer Analyst Programmer Analyst Programmer Analyst Somerville, MA To obtain a career in the field of information technology Work Experience Programmer Analyst Chicago Transit Authority - Chicago, IL July 2002 to January 2004 • Worked with clients to analyze business and system needs  • Formulated and defined integration needs  • Created plan requirements, system functionalities, system testing, code changes, implementation support, ongoing customer support with weekly updates and documentation for the wireless project  by SDLC methodology  • Assisted clients with any issues throughout the design and development phase Database Administrator Skokie, IL October 1999 to February 2001 • Designed Oracle databases for clinical trials processed in-house or contracted-out  • Interacted with graphics designers and other DBA teams to validate databases  • Performed RPLSQL Code Review of other DBA consistency checks  • Initiated contacts with external data providers to establish file formats Help Desk Support Loyola University Law Computing Center - Chicago, IL January 1998 to June 1999 Performed computers, softwares, and network troubleshooting to identity and diagnose problems • Assisted with training and ongoing support on variety of computer softwares and printers via phone  and in person  • Documented all computer software issues and resolved them by the end of the day Computer Operator CIBC Oppenheimer - Chicago, IL March 1997 to January 1998 • Coordinated with staff members on creating a database system that help with the company's marketing campaign with mass mailings  • Assisted with data entries for the created databases and troubleshot software issues  • Provided ongoing help desk support internally and externally via phone and in person  • Created an end-user manual to instruct how to use the computer system and its software to ensure smooth workflow Education Bachelor of Science in Business Administration in Information Systems in Systems Analysis and Design Loyola University - Chicago, IL 1995 to 1999 Skills Ms access, Sql, Epic, Excel, Outlook
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1153.html#173:::Senior Database Administrator/Engineer;Senior SQL Server DBA/Engineer;Senior Database Administrator;Database Administrator;Database Administrator;Jr Database Administrator;DBA;Sql Server;Sql Dba:::Senior Database Administrator/Engineer Senior <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span>/Engineer Senior SQL Server DBA/Engineer East Brunswick, NJ Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Database Administrator/Engineer Perella Weinberg Partners - New York, NY April 2018 to Present ·      Leverage knowledge of RDBMS Cloud solutions, object oriented programming, database networking technology, and database management, tuning, configuration, and troubleshooting to optimize management of client data   ·      Perform MS SQL Database architecture optimization and collaborate with Business users to recommend/apply best practices and standards for optimal performance   ·      Develop automated processes and develop resource-efficient database builds to support the firm’s growing capabilities, including evaluating new and existing technologies and processes for capacity, performance and scalability  ·      Manage database maintenance tasks by recommending and implementing appropriate strategies, and periodically monitoring instance health to ensure database stability and recoverability  ·      Represent the firm as needed to manage the client data transfer process and provide guidance and support to colleagues to resolve hardware and/or software issues and/or failures on an on-call basis  ·      Work closely with multiple departments as well as provide detailed status reports on assigned projects and ongoing support for assigned systems and applications.   ·      Implement changes into production environments to support change management and release scheduling. Coordinate efforts during production outages and work with other internal teams on root cause analysis and resolution thus ensuring performance of systems meet expected Service Level Agreements. Senior SQL Server DBA/Engineer Everest Regroup - Liberty Corner, NJ 2018 to 2018 • Engineering and production support work; primarily supporting the SQL database engineering work related to a Data Center migration for an environment consisting of 200+ Servers.  • Responsible for related SQL Server installation and migration work, then building AlwaysOn and getting it ready to move to rack space.  • Responsible for production migration, server configuration, maintenance and troubleshooting  • Hands on contribution to ensure database code meets company standards for readability, reliability, and performance.  • Building AlwaysOn availability groups in new production environment and monitoring performance  • Test, validate and implement performance and resource optimization improvements in consultation with development Teams.  • Establish performance benchmarks, monitor and analyze system bottlenecks and propose solutions to eliminate them.  • Triage many possible courses of action in a high-ambiguity environment, making use of both quantitative analysis and business judgment. Senior Database Administrator Greenslate - New York, NY 2017 to 2018 • Performance tuning and support for two major front end payroll processing applications  • Install, configure and create documentation for SQL server 2014 and 2016  • Responsible for production migration, server configuration, maintenance and troubleshooting  • Coordinate end to end release activities with developers, QA team and successfully migrate to production  • Develop and carry out BCP/Disaster Recovery plan for all of the servers in the infrastructure and migrate from database mirroring to AlwaysON  • Optimize the databases by creating indexes and removing redundant/unused indexes  • Create baselines for all the servers and configure maintenance activities such as indexing and recompiling  • Create jobs for storing backups on network drives and keep the files in compliance with the retention period  • Analyze, monitor and tune database/s and allocates resources to achieve optimum performance  • Identify and resolve I/O and memory, bottlenecks, blocking and deadlocks caused by complex queries using SQL Server Activity monitor, SQL profiler, and 3rd party tools  • Install 3rd party applications i.e. Redgate to create proactive monitoring of SQL instances  • Create an overnight batch troubleshooting guideline and cross train members of the team to be on rotating on call support  • Serialize batch jobs throughout systems and ensure performance  • Perform regression testing on both of the in house front end applications to analyze perform counters during Migration to SQL 2016  • Manage Logins, Users, Roles and User Permissions and upgrade front end applications  • Participate in Performance Tuning, Query Optimization, Client/Server Connectivity, Database health Check and apply service packs and hotfixes.  • Liaise with internal clients and assist business analysts, application developers and the quality assurance team Database Administrator Shenkman Capital - New York, NY 2015 to 2017 Single handedly manage SQL Server DB's for the fund    • Install and configure SQL server 2008R2, 2012, 2014, 2016 32 & 64 bit for failover cluster  • Manage and upgrade all of the MS SQL Servers including Production Servers with activities like server configuration, performance tuning, maintenance and troubleshooting  • Migrate databases from the legacy infrastructure to SQL 2012/14/16 for new front end applications  • Support production databases and work with application development group on optimizing performance  • Configure baselines for all the servers and perform maintenance activities such as indexing and recompiling  • Utilize SQL Server Activity monitor, SQL profiler and extended events to manage SQL server blockage caused by intricate scripts  • Provide MS SQL cross training to infrastructure manager and systems engineer  • Support production environment 24/7; resolve overnight batch job failures and keep the systems up to date  • Create and maintain batch job schedules across multiple environments and optimize performance  • Migrate batch jobs from legacy SQL server environments to batch scheduler (JAMS)  • Create servers and build out environments (Dev/QA/Prod.) for new front end products e.g. Thinkfolio, EDM  • Play a key role in business requirements analysis, architecture design, physical and logical data modelling, application development testing, training, production support  • Manage Logins, Users, Roles and User Permissions and upgrade front end applications  • Participate in Performance Tuning, Query Optimization, Client/Server Connectivity, Database health check and apply service packs and hotfixes.  • Partner with internal clients and assist business analysts, data architects, application developers and testers Database Administrator Deutsche Bank - New York, NY 2011 to 2015 Worked as a SQL Server DBA with 24x7 Production support.    • Install and configure SQL server 2008R2, 2005 & 2000 32 & 64 bit for failover cluster  • Upgrade and manage multiple MS SQL Servers  • Migrate SQL Server 2005 to SQL Server 2008 R2 and SQL Server 2012  • Setup, administer and maintain SQL Server Instances  • Define and maintain security and access roles for SQL database engine  • Design and Implement Backup and Recovery for SQL Server 2008 and SQL Server 2012 database servers using SQL LiteSpeed and Native Backups  • Setup Database Maintenance Jobs including Re-indexing based on fragmentation, Update Statistics, Archiving of old data to Data Warehouse  • Perform Disaster Recovery Tests (DR Tests) and configure Log shipping for DR  • Data center consolidation from one region to another region  • Performance Tuning of slow running queries and Monitor database availability  • Troubleshoot, escalate, and optimally resolve database problems  • Work closely with the Application Team for troubleshooting blocking and locking  • Perform change management process and production deployment  • Work with compliance team to provide the data for auditing and Regulatory Projects  • Perform database capacity planning and trend analysis  • Establish and maintain positive relationships with managers, peers, and business unit customers Jr Database Administrator AAA Computer Services - New York, NY 2010 to 2011 • Add Security and privilege for users to access Database Servers  • Backup Monitoring and sync the non-production environment with latest production backups  • Deploy the scripts in QA and UAT  • Install SQL Server 2005 on Dev and QA servers as per guidelines  • Create Databases and tables as per user request Education Bachelors of Science George Washington University - Washington, DC May 2010 Skills DBA, Sql Server, Sql Dba
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1154.html#174:::Database Administrator I/ Sysadmin;IT Support;Private Contractor;IT Intern;SQL;T-SQL;CUSTOMER SERVICE;EXCELLENT COMMUNICATION SKILLS;DBA;Sql Server;Sql Dba:::Database Administrator I/ Sysadmin <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> I/ Sysadmin Administrator I - Brentwood Services Administrators Nashville, TN Work Experience Database Administrator I/ Sysadmin Brentwood Services Administrators - Brentwood, TN June 2016 to Present Assists in database maintenance, job creation, and application support. Upgraded database from Windows Server 2008R2 to 2016. Maintains WSUS environment along with MDT and WDS deployment applications. Implemented silent software deployments as well as automating computer configuration with MDT/WDS. Led company wide project of Windows 10 upgrade with complete setup of new branch office. Works directly with Vendors to obtain and maintain desktops and laptops. IT Support Brentwood Services Administrators - Brentwood, TN May 2016 to Present Responsible for Tier 1 and 2 support that resolved tickets for both clients and employees. Completed installation, configuration and maintenance of  computers, phones, printers and projectors. Provided detailed explanation of issues translating the technical aspects of errors into easy to understand  description for end users. Experience in relocation and setup of servers,  networking, and physical network drops. Private Contractor Nashville, TN August 2012 to Present Computer repair, network installation, configuration and maintenance.  Hardware ordering and construction of specialized high performance computer and servers. IT Intern Brentwood Services Administrators - Brentwood, TN December 2014 to May 2015 August 2016, December 2016 Education B.A. in English Education Aquinas College - Nashville, TN August 2012 to May 2016 Skills SQL, T-SQL, CUSTOMER SERVICE, EXCELLENT COMMUNICATION SKILLS, DBA, Sql Server, Sql Dba Certifications/Licenses Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate Present MCSA in SQL database administration 2016 A valid IT Specialist certification Additional Information SKILLS  ? High proficiency with Windows OS with functioning knowledge of Windows  Server  ? Proficient and trained in T-SQL and SQL administration  ? Expert comprehension of computer hardware and troubleshooting  ? Excellent communication skills and experience in customer service
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1155.html#175:::Database Administrator;Scanner Technician;Externship;C++ (4 years);databases (Less than 1 year);distributed systems (2 years);Excel (5 years);Microsoft Office (10+ years);Basic Chinese (3 years);DBA (1 year);Microsoft access (1 year);C (2 years);Basic sql (1 year);Sql Dba:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Newport News, VA Work Experience Database Administrator Huntington Ingalls Industries - Norfolk, VA October 2017 to Present Work with maintaining and creating the current access databases in the Newport News Shipyard. I have also worked with data mining in a cooperate finance project. I have received multiple rewards for my work. Scanner Technician Scans America - Poquoson, VA July 2010 to February 2016 Operated document scanner, to include diverse scanner programs  - Uploaded documents to database, edited and quality checked images for multiple business  clients Externship NASA February 2013 to March 2013 - Researched impact of video game technology/software on future NASA initiatives  - Presented paper describing how software could improve NASA operations in virtual reality and crowdsourcing    NSWC Caderock  - Worked with a team to produce a simulation tool to use with Unmanned Surface Vehicles  - Developed tests to debug software Education Bachelors of Science in Modeling and Simulation Engineering Old Dominion University - Norfolk, VA January 2014 to May 2017 Associates Degree in Simulation and Game Programming ECPI College of Technology - Newport News, VA January 2010 to May 2013 Skills C++ (4 years), databases (Less than 1 year), distributed systems (2 years), Excel (5 years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), Basic Chinese (3 years), DBA (1 year), Microsoft access (1 year), C (2 years), Basic sql (1 year), Sql Dba Additional Information Skills  - Computer Language C+/C++ experience (Object Oriented Programing), Experience in R  - Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite to include Word, PowerPoint, and Excel  - Worked with large scale databases  - Programming in distributed systems
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1156.html#176:::Database Lead;ORACLE AND AWS DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR;ORACLE/SQL SERVER DATA ARCHITECT;DATABASE SUPPORT TECHNICIAN;SQL SERVER/MS ACCESS DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR;Database administration;Database;Sql server;Oracle;Pl/sql;DBA;MYSQL;Sql Dba;DB2;Oracle Dba;SAP ERP:::Database Lead <span class="hl">Database</span> Lead DATABASE LEAD - Archer Daniel Midland (ADM) Erlanger, KY Work Experience Database Lead Archer Daniel Midland (ADM) - Cincinnati, OH January 2019 to Present • Leading database teams such as SQL SERVER DBAs, Oracle DBAs, IBM DB2 DBAs and MySQL DBAs  • Responsible for all Database service Delivery activities inside Archer Daniels Midland company  • Lead database projects to migrate databases acquired through companies acquisitions.  • Improved procedures to cut down time spent on projects  • Automated processes   • Leading the company on the best paths of managing and designing its database systems. ORACLE AND AWS DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR Archer Daniel Midland (ADM) May 2016 to December 2018 AWS RDS Oracle databases Administration:    • Created AWS RDS Oracle Enterprise Editions database, configure the database, set up users, and Implement VPC Security groups.  • Managed user activities such User Creation, Grant Roles, Revoke Privileges and so on in AWS Cloud Environments.  • Understood AWS Cloud Architect  • Managed AWS RDS Database Space Activities such as Creation of Custom Tablespaces, sizing tablespaces, and moving data files across the tablespaces.  • Checked the AWS RDS database backups and retain backups, Software Patching, Automatic failure detection, and High Availability.  • Worked frequently in AWS RDS schema refresh from Production to Dev and Test Environments.  • Contacted AWS Support Center to address any problems that requires AWS support.  • Evaluated database server requirement for database creation and Installed Oracle Software    Oracle Database 11g & 12c: RAC Administration:    • Single Instance and RAC Databases creation  • Database configuration  • Setup Encryptions for Tablespaces  • Performed Schema refresh using Data Pump utilities  • Migrated data and schema objects from one environment to the other  • Controlled security by creating Profiles and roles for users.  • Managed Backup and Recovery for RAC  • Created and Managed High Availability of Services  • Performed RAC Database Monitoring and Tuning Activities  • Configured Initial Load  • Configured Changes to capture Extract, Replicate    Database Backup and Recovery  • Configured database backups to meet business and SOX control demands  • Registered Database with Recovery Catalog, created catalog Owner etc.  • Created backup Schedules, both level 1 & 2 incremental backups.  • Created and scheduled Archive Backups.  • Created and Recovery Scenarios  • Diagnosing and repairing database backups failures and instance recovery  • Performed database flashback  • Duplicated databases    Database Replication:  • Replicated databases in offsite to meet disaster recovery requirements  • Wrote requirements and documented procedures for company disaster recovery plans  • Shipped backup's offsite and test the recovery of the database on offsite servers.  • Checked the database overall health and always making sure the primary database is in Sync with the secondary database.  • Performed Role Transitions from time to time to make ensure the secondary database can be used as the primary database with zero downtime.    Exadata Database Machine Administration  • Migrated Databases to Exadata Database Machine  • Gave Recommendations for Optimizing Database Performance  • Monitored Exadata Storage Servers and Exadata Database Machine Database Servers  • Managed I/O Resources  • Performed Backup and Recovery on Exadata machines  • Configuring Enterprise Manager Cloud Control 12c to Monitor Exadata Database Machine    Oracle golden gate    • Installed Oracle GoldenGate  • Prepared Oracle GoldenGate Environment  • Configured extract, trail files, pumps, Initial Load  • Configured Changes to capture Extract, Replicate  • Troubleshoot Goldengate errors    Other database Skills    • Oracle Clusterware Administration  • Oracle SQL and PL/SQL  • Performed database tuning on single and clustered database environments.  • Oracle export database from one datacenter to another.  • Database objects migration using Database Link  • Database security and managing users accounts  • Managing Tablespaces and Data Files  • Helping users on calls ORACLE/SQL SERVER DATA ARCHITECT Archer Daniels Midland (ADM) May 2016 to May 2016 • Created relational design and working on normalization of the schemas  • Discussed and created table designs to meet requirements  • SQL development (retrieving data, creating store procedures, views, and triggers)  • ASP.NET Development (C#, HTML, CSS, and JavaScriptASP.NET specific web objects (Master Pages, User Controls, and Themes) DATABASE SUPPORT TECHNICIAN Illinois Department of Transportation (IDoT) January 2016 to May 2016 • Gathered statistics and refreshed statistics on schema objects per user requests to improve performance.  • Was on Skype call with users for to assist users with their questions and requests  • Managed users session locking and blocking issues  • Managed user sessions that applications automatically created  • Ran user provided scripts and help debug code in case errors occurred.  • Conducted Database refresh activities  • Managed database instances by creating services on RAC databases  • performed daily user requests like password reset, user and schema creations, granting and revoking privileges to users, database and schema objects migration, running scripts  • Recommended solutions by defining database physical structure and functional capabilities, database security, data back-up, and recovery specifications.  • Provided help for query performance.  • Trouble shooting database issues, Basic SQL and PL/SQL SQL SERVER/MS ACCESS DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR Illinois Department of Public Health June 2014 to December 2015 • Met with the stakeholders to understand their problems and suitable solutions.  • Recommended solutions by defining database physical structure and functional capabilities, database security, data back-up, and recovery specifications.  • Provided help for query performance.  • Cleaned and consolidated, and reorganized data from different sources and stored them in an RDMBS databases.  • Created reports to suit the needs and answer questions for different stakeholders across different department in the organization.  • performed daily user requests like password reset, user and schema creations, granting and revoking privileges to users, database and schema objects migration, running scripts  • Refreshed database schemas and schema objects  • Trouble shooting database issues, Basic SQL and PL/SQL    DEPLOYMENT TECHNICIAN AND COMPUTER SCIENCE TUTOR  Scott Community College January 2013 to June    • Assisted students in Database Projects in SQL Server, MySQL, Oracle, And MS Access  • Helped Students to understand SQL Statements and create Various Database Objects such as Tables, Views, Store Procedures, Functions, and Triggers etc.  • Helped Students to understand Entity Relationships, work with database primary, secondary, and unique keys, and understand the concepts of Database Normalization.  • Prepared and Setup Database environments for new Students  • Assisted students in math, Visual Basic, Java, Web Development, and Cisco Networking  • Responsible for deploying new computers and upgrading existing computers to the Windows 7 operating system Education Bachelor of Applied Science in Management Information Systems University of Illinois at Springfield - Springfield, IL 2015 to 2016 Associate of Applied Science in Applied Science Eastern Iowa Community College 2013 to 2014 Associate of Applied Computer Networking in Computer Networking Eastern Iowa Community College 2013 to 2014 Accounting University of Lomé 2007 to 2009 Skills Database administration, Database, Sql server, Oracle, Pl/sql, DBA, MYSQL, Sql Dba, DB2, Oracle Dba, SAP ERP Additional Information Technical Skills:    • 6 years of Oracle Database Administration  • 6 years of Oracle PL/SQL and SQL Languages  • 6 years of Shell and bash scripting  • 1 year of data architect  • 1.5 years of programing in .NET( C#, Visual Basic, and ASP.NET)  • 1.5 years of SQL SERVER Development works  • 7 years of Microsoft Office; Word, Excel, Outlook, Access, PowerPoint  • 3 of AWS RDS ORACLE Database supports.  • 6 Years of Performance Tuning  • 6 years of database security.  • Oracle E-business Suite Training at Oracle University  • VMware service Manager ticketing system  • ServiceNow ticketing System.  • Speak and Write English, French
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1157.html#177:::Production Leader;Game Advisor;Database Administrator;Manager/Cashier;ANDROID;COMPUTER TROUBLESHOOTING;IOS;MICROSOFT OFFICE;MS OFFICE:::Production Leader Production Leader Production Leader - Placers - W. L. Gore & Associates Salisbury, MD OBJECTIVE: To obtain a technical position in an IT related field where I can begin to develop a physical skillset to compliment my continuous growth of technological information. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Production Leader Placers - W. L. Gore & Associates February 2017 to May 2019 This position requires tasks such as:  • Assembling FDA regulated medical devices  • Following clean room related procedures  • Operating various machinery  • Teaming efficiently Game Advisor GameStop - Newark, DE November 2018 to February 2019 This position requires tasks such as:  * Handling register transactions including returns  * Making sale suggestions to customers  * Stocking and constant store astetic alterations  * Promoting various new products Database Administrator Placers - W. L. Gore & Associates June 2015 to August 2016 This position required tasks such as:  • Updating a chemical database regularly  • Creating new Material Safety Data Sheets  • Troubleshooting various printers  • Scanning chemical information Manager/Cashier Woody's Ice Cream Alley - Elkton, MD April 2012 to June 2015 This position requires tasks such as:  * Training new employees  * Handling customer transactions  * Maintaining a clean facility  * Ordering and managing inventory Education Bachelor's in Computer Networks and Cybersecurity UMUC January 2017 to August 2019 AS in Computer Engineering Cecil College August 2012 to May 2016 High School Diploma North East High School August 2008 to June 2012 Skills ANDROID, COMPUTER TROUBLESHOOTING, IOS, MICROSOFT OFFICE, MS OFFICE Certifications/Licenses A+ Certified June 2019 to June 2022 Additional Information SKILLS & TRAITS    • Fast Learner  • Proficient with Microsoft Office  • Knowledgeable on computer hardware  • Articulate communication skills  • Effective alone or with others  • Logical and problem solving oriented
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1158.html#178:::Oracle Database Developer/ Application database administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database;Performance Tuning;PL SQL;DBA;Oracle Dba;RAC;Rman:::Oracle Database Developer/ Application database administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> Developer/ Application <span class="hl">database</span> <span class="hl">administrator</span> Birmingham, AL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Developer/ Application database administrator NajaNaja Ltd - Birmingham, AL October 2014 to Present Application database developer/ administrator for a major financial institution.   Project team is primarily a shared service for local & global corporate clients. Oracle Database Administrator Super America LLC - Denver, CO October 2009 to September 2014 Oracle database administrator. Education Master's in Computer Science Regis Uni - Denver, CO Skills Oracle Database, Performance Tuning, PL SQL, DBA, Oracle Dba, RAC, Rman
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1159.html#179:::Database Administrator;Data Analyst;Maintenance Control Clerk;Comptia (Less than 1 year);Css. (Less than 1 year);Html (Less than 1 year);Java (Less than 1 year);Javascript (Less than 1 year);Mac (Less than 1 year);Mac os (Less than 1 year);Security (Less than 1 year);Server administration (Less than 1 year);Vmware (Less than 1 year);MYSQL;DBA:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator - United States Navy Virginia Beach, VA Database Administrator and Software Engineer leveraging 8 years of experience in the United States Navy. A consummate professional and a military veteran, possesses technical experience in database management and computer programming. Possesses an extensive background leading a group of highly professional sailors in fast pace, dynamic and stressful environment. Work Experience Database Administrator United States Navy - Norfolk, VA January 2017 to Present • Supervised 10 administrators as the Leading Petty Officer of Maintenance Control Division.  • Mentored sailors which led to 7 advancement to the next paygrade.  • Managed 6 virtual servers and computer systems valued at $60K for Home guard and 4 detachments.  • Oversaw management of 7 highly critical aviation maintenance programs.  • Analyzed aviation data and advised course of action to improve maintenance process and procedures. Data Analyst United States Navy - Iwakuni, JP February 2016 to May 2017 • Tracked 9,832 IMRL assets to support Carrier Air Wing 5.  • Drafted monthly Aviation Maintenance and Material Management (AV3M) report to assist 5th Fleet with short-term and long-term planning.  • Administered OOMA server database for 14 aircraft assets, 1350 high time components and 90 personnel accounts.  • Assisted in implementing network infrastructure.  • Ensured all legal standards were met. Maintenance Control Clerk United States Navy - Kaneohe, HI February 2011 to January 2016 • Efficiently tracked, managed and updated technical manual publications.  • Assisted with maintaining and managing the database as a data entry specialist.  • Assisted in maintaining accurate aircraft administrative records.  • Performed various clerical duties to assist upper chain of command.  • Assisted in implementing network infrastructures, optimizing performance, standardizing tools and upgrading information systems capabilities. Education B. S. in Computer Science in Computer Science Maryland College - Adelphi, MD August 2019 Skills Comptia (Less than 1 year), Css. (Less than 1 year), Html (Less than 1 year), Java (Less than 1 year), Javascript (Less than 1 year), Mac (Less than 1 year), Mac os (Less than 1 year), Security (Less than 1 year), Server administration (Less than 1 year), Vmware (Less than 1 year), MYSQL, DBA Military Service Branch: United States Navy Rank: E-6
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\116.html#180:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;DATABASES (3 years);ORACLE (3 years);DATA REPLICATION (2 years);REPLICATION (2 years);WEB SERVICES (2 years):::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator 3+ years of experience as Oracle Database Administrator having hands on experience in database  administration, production support, installation, configuration, upgrading, patching, performance tuning,  backup and recovery, cloning, data refreshes, space management, and migration. Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Verizon Wireless - Irvine, CA November 2015 to February 2018 Worked as Production Support and Operations Database administrator supporting multiple databases in  Production and Non-Production environments.  Installed and configured 3-Node RAC environments for High Availability.  Worked with application teams to understand new functionalities being introduced, to create database  objects accordingly in lower environments for testing.  Documented and published Release notes to application teams for Enterprise releases.  Supported multiple enterprise releases by pushing the changes to production, and resolving any issues  encountered by application teams during testing and go-live phases.  Created shell scripts to automate data load from feed files using SQL*Loader, refresh of critical data, and proactive monitoring jobs.  Administered and managed 3 way data replication using Shareplex and Goldengate.  Upgraded 11.2.0.3 version 3 Node RAC environment to 12.1.0.2 version.  Applied CPU and PSU patches in production and non-production environments.  Migrated on-premise development and test database instances to Amazon Web Services Cloud Platform.  Space/Storage management of ASM disks, diskgroups and tablespaces.  Improved SQL performance by creating Indexes, SQL Profiles and SQL Baselines as required.  Refreshed multiple databases, schemas and tables in lower environments from production/other  environments on ad-hoc requests.  Supported as On-Call 24x7 hour DBA for production and critical development databases. Oracle Database Administrator Allergan - Irvine, CA November 2014 to November 2015 Worked as operations database administrator supporting 415 databases in production and non production  environments with sizes ranging from 100GB to 11TB.  Worked on ServiceNow requests assigned to database team, which involved working on approved  tickets and resolving incidents based on priority.  Supported data center migration activity of 200 databases in 4 phases.  Performed RMAN cloning/duplication and RMAN transportable tablespace cross platform database  migration(HP-UX to AIX and HP-UX to Redhat).  Configured RMAN backups to tape using NetBackup.  Implemented Oracle flashback feature for major application upgrades.  Wrote shell scripts to automate tasks like purging trace, audit and archive log files.  Performed day to day tasks like user creations, managing user privileges and roles, space management of tablespaces, creating new database objects like tables, indexes, materialized views, views, database links  etc.  Refreshed schemas, tables and databases using export and import datapump utilities.  Upgraded single instance databases from 11.2.0.1 to 11.2.0.4 version.  Applied CPU and PSU patches in production and lower environments.  Provided 24x7 on-call operational support. Education Master of Science in Engineering Technology Pittsburg State University ? - Pittsburg, KS 2014 Skills DATABASES (3 years), ORACLE (3 years), DATA REPLICATION (2 years), REPLICATION (2 years), WEB SERVICES (2 years) Additional Information Skills  Installing, Configuring, Upgrading, and Export, Import Datapump utilities  Patching Oracle databases versions 10g, 11g, and Dataguard  12c Oracle Flashback Technology  Backup and Point in time Recovery using Oracle Partitioning  RMAN Shell Scripting  RMAN Cloning/Duplication Amazon Web Services  NetBackup Oracle Enterprise Manager  Data Replication (Shareplex and Goldengate) Toad  Cross Platform Migration(HP-UX to AIX,  HP-UX to RedHatLinux)  ASM Administration and space management in  ASM.  Configuring and Upgrading 3-Node RAC  envrironments
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1160.html#181:::Aircraft Mechanic/ Database Administrator;Aircraft Mechanic;Sales Associate:::Aircraft Mechanic/ Database Administrator Aircraft Mechanic/<span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Aircraft Mechanic/ Database Administrator - US Army National Guard Provo, UT Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Aircraft Mechanic/ Database Administrator US Army National Guard - Salt Lake City, UT December 2012 to Present * Repair Blackhawk/Apache/Lakota helicopters, perform final airworthiness inspections, replaced components  * Use appropriate technical manuals to assist in proper maintenance practices, document work completed in appropriate logbook, install logbook software, update software, troubleshoot network issues Aircraft Mechanic US Army National Guard - Salt Lake City, UT January 2010 to Present * Diagnose aircraft systems, replace worn/damaged/corroded parts, repair aircraft systems  * Document maintenance performed, train subordinates, research manuals, consult with higher maintenance levels if needed Sales Associate Goodyear - Richmond, VA January 2012 to July 2012 * Recommend products and services, up sell products and services, maintain customer relationships  * Keep a line of contact between previous customers who purchased products or services to learn state of vehicle after visit, attempt to sell products/services to customers who previously declined said services. Certifications/Licenses FAA Airframe and Powerplant July 2014 to Present
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1161.html#182:::Database Administrator (Consultant);Sr. Database Administrator (DBA) Full Time;Sr. Database Administrator (DBA) Full Time;Sr. Database Administrator (DBA) - Full Time;Sr. SQL Server DBA (Consultant);MS SQL DBA (Consultant);SQL DBA/Developer (Consultant);MICROSOFT SQL SERVER;SQL SERVER;ORACLE;SQL;SSRS;T-SQL;MS VISUAL STUDIO;VISUAL STUDIO;HTML;VISIO;XML;LINUX;UNIX;SOLARWINDS;WINDOWS 2000;MS VISIO:::Database Administrator (Consultant) <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> (Consultant) Database Administrator (Consultant) - United Community Bank Rosedale, NY ?Microsoft Certified DBA SQL Server 2008  ?Over 12 years of IT experience in Database Administration, System Analysis, Design, Development, Security and Support of MS SQL Server 7.0/2000/2005/2008R2/2012/2014/2016 databases in Production, Staging, and Development Environments  ?24 X 7 Production Database On Call Support  ?Proficient in installation of SQL servers  ?Filegroup backup and piecemeal restore of very big databases  ?Backup and restore of databases  ?Proficient in Linux  ?Proficient in AWS RDS and EC2 and Microsoft Azure Cosmos db  ?Proficient in performance tuning  ?Proficient in table partitioning of big tables  ?Proficient in database encryption - currently implementing TDE  ?Proficient in Tivoli - tsm - tdp backup and restore  ?Proficient in SQL Server database administration activities like Installation, Configuration, Database Design, Security, Backup, Recovery, Roles and User Permissions  ?Upgrade the Production, Testing and Development databases from SQL Server 2005 and 2008 Enterprise version to SQL Server 2012 Enterprise version and 2014 Standard version  ?Proficient in SQL Server SSIS, SSRS and SSAS  ?Experienced in SDLC, E-R Data Modeling (ERD) and Multi-Dimensional Modeling in creating Star Schemas and Snowflake Dimensional Schemas using Erwin Data Modeler  ?Proficient in HA and Disaster Recovery mechanisms such as AlwaysON, Log Shipping, Database Mirroring, Replication and Microsoft Failover Clustering  ?Proficient in database migration from SQL servers 2000, 2005, 2008 to 2008R2, 2012 and 2014  ?Configure replication on the production servers to offload reporting. Proficient in implementing different types of Replication models like Snapshot, Merge and Transactional replication with updatable subscriptions on production environment  ?Excellent knowledge with SQL Server storage structures and security architecture residing on SAN databases  ?Proficient in creating maintenance plans for database consistency checks, indexes/statistics and performed fine tuning of database applications  ?Experienced in creating Business Intelligence Reports using SSRS 2008R2, 2012 and 2014  ?Solid experience in designing report layouts in SSRS and deployed cubes using SSAS  ?Proficient in performance tuning, query optimization, troubleshooting, scheduling jobs and alerts  ?Proficient in monitoring event viewer, SQL error logs and log file viewer for Software and hardware related errors  ?Proficient in creating stored procedures, triggers, views, functions, packages, indexes, complex queries using joins and sub queries in T-SQL  ?Flexible, enthusiastic and project-oriented team player with solid communication and leadership skills to develop creative solution for challenging client needs  ?Good understanding of organization goals and objectives Work Experience Database Administrator (Consultant) United Community Bank - Greenville, SC June 2019 to Present I'm consulting UCB, Greenville, SC. This is a short-term assignment both on-site and remote involving the following tasks:    ?DR solutions  ?High Availability  ? Database migrations on-premise to on-premise  ?Upgrade and migrations to AZURE  ?Best practices recommendations  ?Documenting the environment    Environment: NetApp, SSIS-ETL, Visual Studio, SQL Server 2008R2 - 2017, SolarWinds Sr. Database Administrator (DBA) Full Time Valiant Communications Inc - Woodbury, NY January 2018 to April 2019 Performance tuning of databases  ?Filegroup backup and piecemeal restore  ?Backup and restore of databases  ? Database migrations on-premise to on-premise  ?Working on performance tuning of servers using PAL  ?Install SQL servers 2012 and 2016 on cluster  ?Setup DR on ALWAYSON  ?Migrate databases to AWS RDS and AZURE VM  ?Migrated backup files to s3 bucket and then glacier  ?Working on AZURE Cosmos DB  ?Power BI report administration  ?Setup backup solutions to all the servers and database natively  ?Started upgrading all SQL servers to SQL server 2016  ?Maintain cluster and apply service packs, troubleshoot  ?Setup transactional replication with updatable subscriptions and reporting  ?Setup logshipping for DR, maintain and troubleshoot  ?Performance reporting with Perfmon, Profiler  ?Excellent knowledge in performance tuning. Testing and troubleshooting all the problems relating to database and servers' performance using perfmon, profiler and DMVs  ?Extensively use Execution plans, Engine Tuning Advisor and other query optimization practices  ?Set up indexes for better performance of databases  ?Extensive experience in Backup and Restore Strategies and possess extensive knowledge of SQL Server 2005, 2008, 2012 and 2014  ?Extensive experience in controlling the user privileges, monitoring the security and Audit issues  ?Implementation of SQL Logins, Roles and Authentication Modes as a part of Security Policies for various categories of users  ?Reporting services SSRS - creating reports, deploy and trouble shooting  ?Create and deploy SSIS packages    Environment: MS SQL Server2008R2, 2012 and 2016. MS Windows Server 2012R2, SSIS, IDERA, Visual Studio, AZURE, Power BI, RedHat Linux 5 and 7 Sr. Database Administrator (DBA) Full Time Gartner Inc - Stamford, CT September 2015 to January 2018 Responsibilities:  ? Database migration to AWS RDS, EC2 and on-premise to on-premise  ?AZURE Cosmos DB administration initiation  ?Install SQL Server clustering in production, QA and development environments  ?Backup and restore using TIVOLI - tsm - tdp  ?Maintain cluster and apply service packs, troubleshoot  ?Setup replication maintain and troubleshoot. Successfully implemented and monitored transactional replication with updateable subscribers on production environment with publisher, distributor and subscriber topologies  ?Setup logshipping for DR, maintain and troubleshoot  ?Setup AlwaysOn on production servers  ?Filegroup backup and piecemeal restore of big and critical databases  ?Backup and restore of databases  ?Table partition of big table  ?Upgrade Production, Staging and Development database servers from SQL Server 2005 and 2008r2 Enterprise version to SQL Server2012 Enterprise version  ?Performance reporting with Perfmon, Profiler and PAL tools  ?Excellent knowledge in performance tuning. Testing and troubleshooting all the problems relating to database and servers performance using perfmon, profiler and DMVs  ?Extensively use Execution plans, Engine Tuning Advisor and other query optimization practices  ?Set up indexes for better performance of databases  ?Extensive experience in Backup and Restore Strategies and possess extensive knowledge of SQL Server 2005, 2008, 2012 and 2014  ?Extensive experience in controlling the user privileges, monitoring the security and Audit issues  ?Implementation of SQL Logins, Roles and Authentication Modes as a part of Security Policies for various categories of users  ?Reporting services SSRS - creating reports, deploy and trouble shooting  ?Create and deploy SSIS packages  ?Deploy oracle and mysql scripts    Environment: MS SQL Server 2005/2008, 2008R2, 2012 and 2014 MS Windows Server 2003/2008/2012, 2012R2, SSAS, SSIS, SSRS, ORACLE 11g, 12C, Unix, MYSQL, TIVOLI, Visual Studio 2008, 2012, AZURE Cosmos DB, Power BI, T-SQL, RedHat Linux 5 and 7 Sr. Database Administrator (DBA) - Full Time SANEF - Port Washington, NY March 2013 to September 2015 This is a French company with offices worldwide. Our main business is development of toll collection software and maintenance.    Responsibilities:  ?Install SQL Server, 2008R2, 2012 and 2014 versions in production, staging and development environments  ?Filegroup backup and piecemeal restore of VLDBs  ?Backup and restore of databases  ?Implemented Transparent Data Encryption (TDE) for multiple projects  ?Install cluster and maintain - apply service packs, troubleshoot  ?Setup replication, maintain and troubleshoot. Successfully implemented and monitored transactional replication with update subscribers on production environment with publisher, distributor and subscriber topologies  ?Setup logshipping and mirroring maintain and troubleshoot  ?Setup clustering and AlwaysOn on test servers for use in production  ?Partitioned big tables for performance benefits  ?Setting-up Hadoop for testing and future use (in progress)  ?Upgrade Production, Staging and Development database servers from SQL Server 2005 and 2008r2 Enterprise version to SQL Server2012 Enterprise version  ?Install ORACLE 11g, 12C on Linux and Windows  ?Designing data migration from ORACLE to SQL and vice versa  ?Performance reporting with Perfmon  ?Applied RMAN backup of database  ?Excellent knowledge in performance tuning. Testing and troubleshooting all the problems relating to database and servers performance using perfmon, profiler and DMVs  ?Extensively use Execution plans, Engine Tuning Advisor and other query optimization practices  ?Set up indexes for better performance of databases  ?Extensive experience in Backup and Restore Strategies and possess extensive knowledge of SQL Server 2005, 2008, 2012 and 2014  ?Extensive experience in controlling the user privileges, monitoring the security and Audit issues  ?Implementation of SQL Logins, Roles and Authentication Modes as a part of Security Policies for various categories of users  ?Reporting services SSRS - creating reports, deploy and trouble shooting  ?Create and deploy SSIS packages  ?Resolve issues and version conflicts during the database migration and upgrade techniques  ?Design ETL architecture for overall data transfer from the OLTP to OLAP with the help of SSIS, CDC  ?Designing the new Data warehouse while constructing the cubes and dimensions of a system for the purpose of analysis, decision making based on historical data    Environment: MS SQL Server 2005/2008, 2008R2.2012 and 2014 MS Windows Server 2003/2008/2012, 2012R2, ORACLE 11g, 12C, SSAS, SSIS, SSRS, Unix, MYSQL, Visual Studio 2008, 2012, ASP.NET, T-SQL, XML Sr. SQL Server DBA (Consultant) SWBC - SOUTHWEST BUSINESS CORPORATION - San Antonio, TX April 2012 to February 2013 Headquartered in San Antonio, TX, SWBC is a diversified financial services company providing a wide range of insurance, mortgage, and investment services to financial institutions, businesses, and individuals. With offices across the country, SWBC is committed to providing quality products, outstanding service, and customized solutions in all 50 states.    Responsibilities:  ?Responsible for MS SQL Server 2005, 2008, 2008R2 and 2012 configuration, tuning and provided 24 X 7 dedicated support to production, testing and development environments  ?Installed SQL Server 2008R2and 2012 in production and development environments  ?Upgraded the Production, Testing and Development databases from SQL Server 2000 Enterprise version to SQL Server 2008 Enterprise version, 2008 servers to 2008R2 and 2008R2 to 2012  ?Created and maintained various databases for Production, Development and Testing environments using SQL Server 2005  ?Used Redgate to reduce storage requirements, reduce backup times and speed recovery duration using high performance compression technology  ?Performed Full, Differential, Transactional log and File grouped backup of databases and restore them as needed.  ?Implemented database encryption using TDE (Transparent Data Encryption)  ?Monitor performance using SQL Profiler, Perfmon and used a monitoring tool called SpotLight.  ?Build, deploy and automate SSIS packages on production server  ?Made various SSIS packages (ETL, SCD, Data Migration, Data Refresh), deployed them and automated on a recurring basis  ?Responsible for data integration, data cleansing and de-duplication  ?Troubleshoot SSIS packages  ?Restore and recover corrupted databases like suspect, corrupt and the like  ?Review and tune up SQL queries, stored procedures, views, triggers  ?Assigned permission to user(s), role(s), and object. Supported column level permissions and administrated security for server's logins (Windows and SQL Accounts)  ?Maintained the security, integrity and availability of MS SQL Server 2000, 2005, 2008 and 2008R2  ?Created Linked Servers between SQL Server 2000, 2005, 2008R2 and OLE DB data sources  ?Involved in performance tuning, optimization of stored procedures and T-SQL queries  ?Used Perfmon for performance reporting  ?Introduced Exception Handling    Environment: MSSQL Server 2000, 2005, 2008, 2008R2 and 2012, SSIS, SSRS. Spotlight, Redgate, Oracle 10g, SQL Examiner, Visio MS SQL DBA (Consultant) Idaho Power Company - Boise, ID May 2011 to March 2012 Idaho Power is an electric utility engaged in the generation, transmission, distribution, sale and purchase of electric energy and is regulated by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) and the state regulatory commissions of Idaho and Oregon. It serves a population of Service Area (estimated): 1,000,000 with customer of nearly half a million.  The main focus of the project is data migration, performance tuning, capacity planning, database creation, security enhancements, job automation and supporting day to day maintenance of databases  Responsibilities  ?Migrated databases to SQL server from heterogeneous sources  ?Implemented Transparent Data Encryption (TDE) on some production databases  ?Installed SQL Server 2008 in production, test and development environments  ?Provided technical support for the database environment including overseeing the development and organization of the databases, assessment and implementation of new technologies  ?Designed and implemented database changes  ?Reviewed and tune up SQL queries, stored procedures, views, triggers  ?Provide and design tools to assist in the management of the database and transaction processing environment  ?Performance tuning of databases  ?Help in-house developers improve performance of their stored procedures, TSQL codes and database design  ?Managed health of SQL Servers including backups, restores, monitoring  ?Provide a working model of our transaction processing environment for capacity assessment and planning.  ?Developed a methodology for the ongoing assessment of database performance and the identification of problem areas  ?Develop a security scheme for the database environment, as well as assisting in disaster recovery if necessary  ?Provided technical support during the development and enhancement of production databases, technical support and operations during the design, development and implementation of databases  ?Worked with the transaction processing area to develop both the physical and the logical database administrations functions  ?Work with others in IT to build the logical database area and provide technical guidance during all phases of the development process  ?Worked with vendors in evaluating and implementing new technologies  Environment: MSSQL Server 2000, 2005 and 2008, MS Windows Server 2000, 2003, 2008, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, .NET, VISIO, Oracle 10g/11g SQL DBA/Developer (Consultant) Hooper Holmes - Basking Ridge, NJ August 2009 to April 2011 Hooper Holmes is a leading provider of risk assessment services for the insurance industry. Hooper Holmes provides a complete service for wellness, disease management, and managed care companies including scheduling support, fulfillment of supplies, blood collection kits, medical screenings, and lab testing and data transmission. The main focus of the project is to integrate SQL Server security with enterprise-level authentication systems and maintain monitoring standards for SQL Server at the server level and enterprise level for Access Management systems.  Responsibilities:    ?Installed SQL Server, 2005 and 2008 in production and development environments  ?Installed oracle 9i, 10g server and client - database creation, creating users, privileges  ?Upgraded the Production, Testing and Development databases from SQL Server 2000 Enterprise version to SQL Server 2008 Enterprise version, 2008 servers to 2008R2  ?Extensive experience in Backup and Restore Strategies and possess extensive knowledge of SQL Server 2005, 2008  ?Extensive experience in controlling the user privileges, monitoring the security and Audit issues  ?Implementation of SQL Logins, Roles and Authentication Modes as a part of Security Policies for various categories of users  ?Good knowledge in planning and enhancing the Windows 2003 Active Directory environment and applied access controls and other security safeguards for the implementation of management tools  ?Experience in Change Data Capture and Policy Based Management in SQL Server 2008 Environments  ?Excellent knowledge in Windows SharePoint Administration and Development environments  ?Resolved issues and version conflicts during the database migration and upgrade techniques  ?Successfully implemented and monitored transactional replication with update subscribers, implemented snapshot replication on production environment with publisher, distributor and subscriber topologies  ?Designed high level ETL architecture for overall data transfer from the OLTP to OLAP with the help of SSIS  ?Converted various stored procedure based reports in SSRS to improve the efficiency and flexibility of the system  ?Good knowledge in Foreign key constraints and Referential Integrity checks to maintain the optimal performance  ?Used LiteSpeed 5.0 to reduce storage requirements, reduce backup times and speed recovery duration using high performance compression technology  ?Modified the stored procedures in SQL Server 2005/2008 in order to achieve optimal performance  ?Designing the new Data warehouse while constructing the cubes and dimensions of a system for the purpose of analysis, decision making based on historical data  Environment: MS SQL Server 2005/2008, MS Windows Server 2003/2008, SSAS, SSIS, SSRS, Unix, Oracle 10g/11g, Red Gate, Visual Studio 2008, ASP.NET, T-SQL, XML, ERWIN, Xymon and LiteSpeed 5.0 Education M.A. in Economics Chittagong University Skills MICROSOFT SQL SERVER, SQL SERVER, ORACLE, SQL, SSRS, T-SQL, MS VISUAL STUDIO, VISUAL STUDIO, HTML, VISIO, XML, LINUX, UNIX, SOLARWINDS, WINDOWS 2000, MS VISIO Additional Information Skills:  Microsoft SQL Server 7.0/2000/2005/2008/2008R2/2012, 2014 and 2016 ORACLE 11g and 12c, Windows 2000/2003/2008/2008R2/2012/2016, UNIX, Linux, SPOTLIGHT, IGNITE - SOLARWINDS, REDGATE, IDERA Access, SQL, T-SQL, HTML, XML, Power Shell, MS Visual Studio, SSRS, SSIS, SSAS, SQL Profiler, DMV, MS Visio.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1162.html#183:::Remote Hands Technician;Database Administrator - Remote;Cable Technician;ASSISTANT ACCOUNTANT;Mysql;Oracle;Splunk;Git;Html:::Remote Hands Technician Remote Hands Technician Remote Hands Technician - Digital Realty Rockville, MD Multi-faceted software engineer who is knowledgeable in JavaScript, Python, MySQL, HTML, etc. A true team player offering multiple years of experience in the software industry. Seeking the opportunity to provide outstanding, clean code in a collaborative environment. Proficient in working with diverse languages. Motivated to stay informed of latest industry innovations to provide customers/users with most up-to-date solutions. Capable of working in high-pressure environments while meeting business needs and project expectations. Work Experience Remote Hands Technician Digital Realty - Ashburn, VA July 2017 to Present * Assist customers with the diagnosis of hardware and software to include but not limited to iLO, iDrac, IOS configurations; server components such as WCM, WCB, motherboards, CPUs, fan modules, heat sinks, etc. on their network equipment.  * Assist customers with the installing, testing and troubleshooting of copper and fiber optic circuits through nine (9) campus  buildings. To include both MM fiber within our internal building fiber infrastructure and SM fiber between our building to building ecosystem.  * Assist customers with the basic-mid level configuration assistance of routers and switches to include naming, IP addressing, service turn ups, vlan creations, etc.  * Assist customers with the racking and installing of devices and device components such as server blade/card, memory, hard drive, transceivers etc.  * Monitor the data center's mission critical infrastructure with the use of monitoring systems and inventory databases.  * Provide timely customer and internal updates using a computer based ticketing system. Database Administrator - Remote Kumasi August 2018 to March 2019 Ashanti Region, Ghana  * Authored and coded logical and physical database descriptions.  * Set up and controlled user profiles and access levels for each database segment to protect important data.  * Created and implemented database designs and data models.  * Implemented BI solution framework for end-to-end business intelligence projects.  * Tested programs and databases to identify issues and make necessary modifications.  * Modified existing databases to meet unique needs and goals determined during initial evaluation and planning process.  * Administered, supported and monitored databases by proactively resolving database issues and maintaining servers. Cable Technician Mona Telecom - Chantilly, VA January 2015 to April 2017 * Tested cables using tools such as volt-OHM meters, spectrum analyzers and signal level meters.  * Completed new connects, reconnects, disconnects and service changes for residential and commercial customers.  * Performed troubleshooting of systems with techniques such as speed and ping tests.  * Recommended network security standards to management. ASSISTANT ACCOUNTANT Ashanti Region - GH October 2013 to December 2014 Ghana  * Vetting, auditing and submitting of national health insurance scheme claims to the regional office.  * Proposed the national computerized health insurance system which is now being used in Ashanti region, Ghana.  * Balanced reports to submit for approval and verification.  * Monitored the status of accounts receivable and payable to facilitate efficient processing. Education Bachelor of Arts in Geography and rural development Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology June 2013 Skills Mysql, Oracle, Splunk, Git, Html
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1163.html#184:::SQL Server Database Administrator;Asset Protection Supervisor;DATABASE;SQL SERVER;REPLICATION;SQL;CLUSTERING;SSIS;ETL:::SQL Server Database Administrator SQL Server <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> SQL Server Database Administrator Lawrenceville, GA Database Administrator with more than 5 years' experience designing, implementing and maintaining SQL Server solutions in an Enterprise environment. A reliable, responsible and self-motivated team player. Work Experience SQL Server Database Administrator Torres AES - Atlanta, GA March 2014 to June 2019 • Perform Technical analysis and troubleshooting on complex database problems.  • Working with developers, support and QA team to maintain all database environment.  • Database administration activities including; installation, configuration, capacity planning and space management.  • Setting up and monitoring Replication (transactional, snapshot, and merge).  • Migrated SSIS packages from SQL Server 2008 R2 to SSIS 2012.  • Upgrading database (in place and side by side).  • Recovery databases from backup in disasters, implementing Point-in-Time Recovery solutions.  • Troubleshooting production issues.  • Scheduling Maintenance jobs and backup.  • Performance Tuning using SQL Profiler and Database Engine tuning advisor.  • Employed best practices in creating tables, stored procedures, views, clustered and non-clustered indexes.  • Performed data Import and Export Operations using SSIS and import/export utility.  • Installed and configured SQL server 2008R2, 2012, 2014, and 2016 in various environments.  • Configuring and monitoring AlwaysOn availability replicas.  • Assisting with capacity planning and storage space management.  • Developed Backup strategies and Recovery solutions.  • Creating and Implementing Databases, Tables, Schemas, Indexes, and Constraints.  • Provided 24 x 7 business critical production server environments support (on-call).  • Setting up and monitoring transactional replication.  • Migration of On premises databases to SQL Server Azure. Asset Protection Supervisor Army National Guard - AF February 2013 to February 2014 • Selected for elite security details providing protection for medical emergencies, visiting generals, secretary of defense and other high-ranking officials.  • Conducted 700 vehicle/personnel searches, routine security patrols, and provided over watch for flight line operations in a FOB of over 5,000 military personnel's, their Afghan counterparts and other allied nations; Which led to a decrease in high-level threats.  • Strongly communicated with all levels of management to prevent less confusion in a combat environment.  • Managed a group of 4 Soldiers and trained over 20 new trainees on daily mission functions, which prepared the individuals for tactical and technical operations. Education Dove Technology DeKalb Technical College Skills DATABASE, SQL SERVER, REPLICATION, SQL, CLUSTERING, SSIS, ETL Military Service Branch: United States National Guard Rank: E-5
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1164.html#185:::Sr. BusinessAnalyst;Consultant;Consultant;Consultant;Consultant;Database Administrator;HTML;MS PROJECT;PHP;REPORTING TOOLS;VISIO:::Sr. BusinessAnalyst Sr. BusinessAnalyst Sr. BusinessAnalyst Boston, MA • 6+ years of experience as Senior Business Analyst hands-on in managing large scale complex IT projects.  • Versatile experience working with clients across multiple sectors inRetail, Banking &Insurance.  • 6+ years of experience in JIRA, TFS, Wiki Confluence, XML.  • Hands on experience in Creating User stories for developing teams and business end users.  • Efficient in preparing Business Requirements Document (BRD), Functional Requirements Document (FRD)/ Systems Requirements Specifications (SRS), Use Cases, and Test Case.  • Proven ability in client-engagement, onsite co-ordination and leading globally distributed teams.  • Experience in facilitating Joint Requirement Planning (JRP) sessions with Business User Groups, conducting Joint Application Development (JAD) sessions with IT Groups and Conflict Management with Project team members.  • Skilled in identifying, documenting, analyzing and review of business requirements towards new system implementations and enhancement.  • Experienced in working within Waterfall and Agile environment and prov en track record of delivering projects based on these methodologies.  • Expertise in working with range of Microsoft Suite such as Microsoft Project, Excel, Visio, Power Point, Word. Work Experience Sr. BusinessAnalyst Santander Bank 2017 to May 2019 Santander bank is one of the largest banks in the United States and Spain that provides several financial services to its customers including online banking and mortgage services. For easy access to their online banking services which includes fund transfer, Bill pay and WF Sure-pay. This project involved creating and maintaining a weband mobile application where users can access their account information and use Santander services to which they are subscribed. The application's web interface was a full-fledged solution for client's daily banking needs from checking accounts to money movement. New enhancements were made to Accounts View, Bill Pay, Money Movement, and Alerts features.  Responsibilities:  • Performed gap analysis between client goals and existing procedures/processes; provided recommendations for improvement and change management services to achieve client goals  • Preparation of Business Requirement Document (BRD's) on various new and enhancement project  • InterviewedSMEs and Stakeholders to get a better understanding of client business processes and gather Business requirements  • Coordinated with QA and Developers for Business Requirement Clarification  • Perform a constant backlog refinement with the new user stories and defects in JIRA  • Experienced in techniques such as SPRINT planning, Product Backlog management, Agile estimation, daily SCRUM, Sprint summary report, Sprint review/retro meetings, etc.  • Conducted market cost analysis and recommendations of online services required by client which resulted in the client cost savings of $1,500  • Developed best practices for pipeline management and call strategies/training materials for sales reps as well as tracking measurements for department-wide and individual performance  • Facilitated requirements gathering sessions for business needs, and helped deliver by developing the functional design document, including UI/UX design  • Coordinated with the PMO group in defining timelines & schedules for the project and maintained/monitored project progress status using MS Project  • Conducted User Acceptance Testing (UAT) with the stakeholders and business users, fixed the discovered issues.  Environment:Agile, JIRA, MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS Visio, MS Access, SQL, Quality Center Consultant Farmers Insurance - Zurich, CH August 2015 to August 2016 Farmers Insurance group is a leading insurance company based in USA with its headquarters in Los Angeles, California and insuring over 41 states. It deals with different Line of Business - AUTO (Personal Vehicles Insurance), FIRE (Home or Personal property damaged by Fire), IBOP, HBOP etc. The Farmers consists of two applications known as APPS and FPPS in 3 tier Architecture based on Web & Mainframe Application.  Responsibilities:  • Collaborated with Stakeholders on Business Requirements Document  • Assigned tasks among development team monitored and tracked progress of project following agile methodology  • Created Software Requirement Specifications Document (SRS) and Functional Requirement Document (FRD) based on RUP and Agile framework  • Prepared and analyzed the existing architecture and performed Gap Analysis. Created workflow scenarios, designed new process flows and documented the Business Process and various Business scenarios and activities of the Business from the conceptual to procedural level.  • Extensively worked on MS Visio for creating UML diagrams like Use Case Diagrams, Sequence Diagrams, Activity Diagrams, Business Flow Diagrams and Data Flow Diagrams for project documentation  • Maintained the requirement Traceability matrix (RTM) to track the coverage of Requirements  • Created and maintained user account profiles and passwords, ensuring company-wide security  • Created training materials to ensure proper understanding of the new features. Involved in preparation of the test data required for executing test cases.    Environment: Agile, Windows XP/200, SQL Developer, MS Visio, VSAM, JCL and Quality Center 11, Power BI Consultant Capgemini India Pvt. Ltd June 2013 to August 2016 Consultant BNP Paribas Bank July 2014 to July 2015 BNP Paribas is a leading bank in Brazil and Netherlands. Working as a business analyst for Quality Assurance Team for Mobile and web application.  • Analyze the client's organization for alignment with the access certification tool  • Get device logs for web service calls and map with the UI data  • Collaborate with the application SME's to review the user stories and create new based on new requirements  • Track and update the latest status of the application development on various devices and oracle ERP  • Develop and maintain a Dashboard on the weekly migration status for the project  • Run analysis on both Simulators and Real devices based on the Device Priorities  • Mapping and masking sensitive customer specific data in both Device log XML    Environment:Agile, Scrum, MS Visio, MS Power point, MS access, Oracle ERP, JCL, Quality center Consultant Flipkart.com - Mumbai, Maharashtra June 2013 to June 2014 Flipkart.com is one of the best online shopping platforms in India. I was providing support to their technical and stakeholder team.I was mainly responsible for creating faster billing and inventory tracking system. Also, helping the logistic team to maintain inventory in AWS and make sure software runs efficiently  • Created a prospective client database for the company to target more business  • Developed business architecture using requirements such as scope, processes, alternatives, and risk  • Coordinated deliverables and shipping logistics by incorporating and controlling business processes  • Applied SDLC methodologies to successfully implement a faster billing process on Azur platform  • Worked on Mainframe for maintaining merchandising products and for billing tracking  • Rigorous vendor selection process landed with cloud-based solution to eliminate costly processes related to traditional software development, testing, installation, maintenance and failovers.  • Monitored and controlled job cost process and tracked expenses, increasing sales and profits by 30%  • Developed strategies to maintain smooth workflow on AWS platform.  • Ensured all departments are well informed about project requirement to with daily meetings  Environment: Waterfall, AWS, MS Visio, MS Power point, JIRA, Tableau, Quality center, Oracle ERP Database Administrator Clover Infotech - Mumbai, Maharashtra January 2010 to July 2011 Clover infotech is one of the growing information technology organization in inda. I have Managed administration of MS SQL Server for various industry clients. The jobs duties included enhancement of database performance, implementing recovery procedures, performance tuning, backup & restore of the databases and ensure technical/functional designs meet business requirements.  Responsibilities  • Configured and implemented disaster recovery processes for more than 25 mission critical databases for a leading mutual funds investmentproduct of leading bank in India  • Upgraded over 20 SQL servers in period of 4-months at the largest adhesive manufacturer in India  • Improved vital processing jobs by reducing process duration by 80%  • Utilize components of Microsoft Business Intelligence Suite, including SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) and SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) in designing, developing, and implementation and testing of the ETL, upgrading DTS to SSIS and automation of database wealth reporting system  • Implemented, maintained, and documented policies, procedures and standards to ensure security and integrity of test and production data and provide 24*7 database support to all deployed client sites.  Environment: ETL,SSIS,SSRS, MS SQL, MS Excel, Java, CSS, SAP Education Campbellsville University 2020 post graduate diploma Northeastern University of Boston May 2017 MBAfrom University of Mumbai May 2013 B.sc University of Mumbai April 2009 Skills HTML, MS PROJECT, PHP, REPORTING TOOLS, VISIO
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1165.html#186:::Oracle Database Administrator;Database Administrator;IT Support Technician;Accounting Assistant II;Database;Database design;Mysql;Oracle;Pl/sql;Relational database;Sql;Shell scripting;Unix;Unix shell;Rman;Amazon web services;Html;Object oriented;Object oriented programming;Scripting;Xml;Lan/wan;Router;Storage management:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - Pritchard & Jerden, Inc Snellville, GA Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Pritchard & Jerden, Inc - Atlanta, GA December 2015 to Present Perform oracle software installation.  ? Maintain control files and redo log files.  ? Create databases for test and development.  ? Experience in flashback technology  ? Patch Oracle database 11.2.0.2 to 11.2.0.4  ? Schedule routine processes using crontab.  ? Perform Point-In-Time Recovery  ? Monitor and manage tablespaces and datafile growth.  ? Experience in patching and upgrading databases  ? Managing tablespaces and other database objects.  ? Good experience in writing/edition unix/linux shell scripts  ? Managing backup and recovery for Oracle on linux using RMAN.  ? Creating, assigning and managing roles and privileges to users depending on user responsibility.  ? Install, patch, configure and upgrade software on linux and/or windows operating system.  ? Establishes mechanisms for replicating production databases in development environments.  ? Prepare clear documentation on all processes performed on bug fixing and change requests for future references. Database Administrator ATGWork - Atlanta, GA January 2013 to November 2015 Upgraded Oracle database 11.2.0.4 to 12.1.0.2  ? Managing database security.  ? Configure and backup databases using RMAN, Hot backups, cold backups and Logical backups.  ? Going through the day-to-day user requests and troubleshooting the database related problems.  ? UNIX shell scripting for monitoring oracle Database status, security & backups.  ? Monitored Tablespace size, resizing Tablespace, relocating data files for better disk I/O.  ? Experience in data migration using SQL Loader and Data Pump.  ? Running complex queries to retrieve data and ad-hoc reports from multiple tables within Oracle database. IT Support Technician Amazon, GA September 2011 to December 2012 Troubleshoot and resolve system hardware and software problems.  ? Provide remote support for desktops, laptops, printers, peripherals and other computer related devices.  ? Ensure proper documentation, notification, escalation, tracking, and follow up of all incidents.  ? Creation/maintenance of user accounts  ? Maintaining, configuring and troubleshooting network laser printers, Zebra thermal printers, thin clients, scanners, PCs, handheld terminals, and mobile devices Accounting Assistant II Pritchard & Jerden, Inc - Atlanta, GA September 2009 to December 2012 Gather data for internal audits through database management.  ? Analyze issues causing discrepancies in account payable and receivable.  ? Prepare and process accounts payable checks, wire transfers and ACH payments.  ? Reconcile direct bill commissions, or make note, and report discrepancies found in agency-bill statement records.  ? Enter, review and reconcile transactions for services related invoices and ensure timeliness of payments to necessary parties.  ? Perform general office duties such as filing, answering telephone calls, and handling routine correspondence regarding finances, account payable/receivable, invoicing and insurance billing.  ? Prepare bank deposits by compiling data from cashiers, verify and balance receipts, then send checks to bank.    Technical Skills  • Proficient in all DBA responsibilities such as installation, Configuration, Upgrades, Patches, Performance Tuning, Backup, Recovery, Cloning, Database Security, Troubleshooting, Database Design, Unix Shell Scripting, Scripting in RMAN and Documentation.  • Knowledge of Oracle Data Guard and Active Data Guard, Automatic Storage Management (ASM) and Real Application Cluster (RAC)  • ETL, Expert SQL, Modeling and enterprise database concepts, Data warehouse, partitioning  • Create Oracle, MySQL databases using Amazon Web Services Relational Database Service.  • TOOLS: SQL*Plus, Enterprise Manager (OEM), Grid Control, Data Pump, SQL Loader, Oracle Recovery Manager (RMAN), Recovery Catalog, Automated Workload Repository(AWR), Real Application Clusters(RAC), Standby Database (Physical, Snapshot, Logical), Unix Shell Scripting, Automatic Storage Management(ASM), TOAD, putty, MobaXtern, SecureCRT, Enterprise Reporting using Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook and Project), Amazon Web Services Relation Database Service, AWS RDS, Erwin, TCP/IP, Router/Switches, LAN/WAN, UML, IBM - Rational Software Modeling (RSM), Object Oriented Programming, flashback technology.  • LANGUAGES: HTML, XML, Intermediate JAVA, SQL, PL/SQL  Soft Skills  • Excellent Financial, leadership qualities, team management and development skills  • Good communication (verbal and written) and interpersonal skills  • Reliable, Result Oriented, Trusted & Proactive, very hard-working, resourceful and dedicated with a high sense of duty. Education B.Sc. in Mathematics Lagos State University Masters in Information Systems Kennesaw State University - Kennesaw, GA Skills Database, Database design, Mysql, Oracle, Pl/sql, Relational database, Sql, Shell scripting, Unix, Unix shell, Rman, Amazon web services, Html, Object oriented, Object oriented programming, Scripting, Xml, Lan/wan, Router, Storage management
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1166.html#187:::Sr. Database Administrator;Database Administrator;SQL Server DBA:::Sr. Database Administrator Sr. <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Sr. Database Administrator - GSS InfoTech ? Over Five (6+) years of experience in IT industry as a Database Administrator, Designer, Developer and Support of MS SQL Server 2017/2016/2014/2012/2008R2/ 2008/ 2005/ 2000 in Production, Test, Development and Replication & Cluster Server Environments.  ? Working as on-site coordinator and distributing work among off -shore team members.  ? Experienced working with teams spread globally.  ? Experienced working in an environment with multiple RDBMS systems (SQL, Oracle, AS400, MySQL, etc.)  ? Support and setup SQL clusters with active passive layout with up to 4 node active-active layout.  ? Support and setup highly available SQL solutions using Always On availability.  ? Experienced in configuring and setting up Multi-subnet Always On availability groups.  ? Setup SQL server farms on extreme IO (SSD) storage to provide support to high IO utilizing applications.  ? Setup replication between SQL servers, Oracle & SQL server, AS400 and SQL and even MySQL & SQL server.  ? Experienced in Installation, Configuration, Maintenance and Administration of SQL Server 2000 /2005 /2008 /2008R2 /2012 /2016 /2017.  ? Worked heavily with SSIS - Build ETL processes from different data sources like Oracle/DB2i/DB2-LUW to SQL Server/DB2-LUW.  ? Experienced in building, deploying and troubleshooting SSIS packages.  ? Experienced in developing and deploying SSIS packages using configurations files.  ? Experienced in building, setting up and supporting reporting services (SSRS).  ? Experienced in working with Business's RTO and RPO.  ? When performance issues arise, determine the most effective way to increase performance including hardware purchases, server configuration changes, or index/query changes.  ? Writing and improving SQL Server T-SQL queries for 5+ years.  ? Experience in Performance Tuning, Query Optimization, Client/Server Connectivity, and Database Consistency Checks using DBCC Utilities and DMV's.  ? Experienced in working with Windows server 2012/R2, Windows server 2008 R2, Windows server 2008, Windows server 2003, and Windows server 2000 Administration.  ? Experience in upgrading/migrating SQL Server from lower to higher versions. Using both In-Place and side-by-side model.  Certificate of Excellence from Microsoft  ? Microsoft SQL Server 2008 -Designing, Optimizing and Maintaining a Database Administrative Solution (070-450)  ? Microsoft SQL Server 2008 - Implementation and Maintenance (070-432) Work Experience Sr. Database Administrator GSS InfoTech - Pleasant Prairie, WI April 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Provide primary DBA support for application databases, including space monitoring and managing security, backup/recovery, performance tuning, and database refresh processes  • Installed and configured SQL Server 2012/2014/2016 Enterprise edition on Active/Passive Cluster and standalone environment.  • Setup heterogenous data replication using SQL native replication, Vision Double-Take Share, Attunity and SSIS.  • Serve as a team member on projects to advise on data and database-related issues and represent the enterprise view of the database; collaborate with project lead and others to transform logical data models into physical database designs; build physical databases to support projects; review, test, and evaluate the impact of changes to the database environment  • Provide support to technology & business teams as needed during development, delivery, & design to guarantee robust, strong, scalable solutions  • Manage installation and configuration, systems integrations, job scheduling, and security  • Perform daily system monitoring: verifying the integrity and availability of all server resources, systems and key processes, reviewing system/application logs for errors, vulnerabilities, and improvements, and verifying completion of scheduled jobs such as backups  • Research and recommend innovative, and where possible, automated approaches for database administration tasks; identify approaches that leverage our resources and provide economies of scale  • Provide Tier I/II support per request; perform troubleshooting and diagnostic tracing  • Recover from hardware/software failures; coordinate and communicate with impacted constituencies  • Maintain secure, compliant, current environments by applying patches/fix packs on a regular basis; assess/recommend upgrades/feature packs and replacements as needed  • Maintain operational, configuration, or other procedures  • Perform periodic performance reporting to support capacity planning  • Perform ongoing performance tuning, hardware upgrades, and resource optimization as required  • Adhere to/contribute to best practice standards, continuous improvement  • Demonstrate leadership abilities and positive attitude  • Balance concurrent assignments  • Participate in 24x7 on-call rotations    Tools: MS SQL Server 2016, 2014, 2012, Windows server 2012, 2008/R2, SQL Server Management Studio, Aqua Data Studio, SQL Profiler, Performance Monitor, Database Migration Advisor, Resource Governor, Visual Studio 2017/2015/2010, Vision Double Take Share, SSIS, TFS, Spotlight, Attunity Database Administrator GSS InfoTech\InfoVision - PA March 2013 to April 2018 Responsibilities:  • Work with project team to help build an ideal database environment for a new application.  • Providing 24 X 7supports for production environment.  • Configuration and Installation of SQL Server 2008/2012 Active- Passive and Multi Node Cluster(4 Nodes) on windows 2012/2008.  • Migrating and upgrading SQL instances from SQL 2000 to SQL 2005/2008 in dev/test/production environments.  • Project DBA for database applications. Activities - Installing/configuring SQL server, patching, troubleshooting, performance tuning.  • Primary DBA for code change deployment from DEV to MAIN to QA to PROD to TR, using Visual Studio schema compare project.  • Primary DBA for various assigned servers in development/test/staging/production environments.  • Deploy database change scripts provided by third party vendors.  • Configure SQL Server monitoring utilities to minimize false alarms.  • Deployed DTS/ SSIS Packages and did the Optimization of the Packages.  • Using Profiler traces and other tools to find the most frequently run queries.  • Promoted the SSIS Packages in different Environments like QA, Staging and Production.  • Populated the Database tables from heterogeneous source of the business clients using the SSIS Packages.  • Involved in writing Stored Procedures and Functions, Cursors to handle database automation tasks.  • Document the company's database environment.  • Optimization of Stored procedures, Slow running Queries and indexes.  • Implemented clustering, Replication, Mirroring and Log-shipping as a High availability features.    Tools: MS SQL Server 2012/2008 R2/2008/2005/2000, SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Profiler, SQL Server Tuning Advisor, Idera's SQL Diagnostic Manager, SQL Litespeed, SQLIOSIM, Red-gate SQL Compare. SQL Server DBA GSS InfoTech\InfoVision - Westport, CT August 2012 to February 2013 Description:  Bridgewater Associates is an American investment management firm founded by Ray Dalio in 1975. Bridgewater manages approximately $130 billion in global investments for a wide array of institutional clients, including foreign governments and central banks, corporate and public pension funds, University endowments and charitable foundations. Approximately 1,200 people work at Bridgewater, which is based in Westport, Connecticut.  Responsibilities:  • Installed and configured SQL Server 2008 Enterprise edition on Active/Passive Cluster environment.  • Successfully migrated from SQL Server 2005 to 2008 on Dev/Testing/production Environment.  • Applied patches and hotfixes on production servers.  • Implemented Resource Governor for one of the critical server for better performance.  • Applied Page and row compression to efficiently organize the space.  • Migrated new database structures, such as tables, indexes and stored procedures from development to the production environment.  • Monitored database system details within the database, including stored procedures and execution time and implement efficiency improvements.  • Development of automated daily, weekly and monthly system maintenance tasks such as database backup, Mirroring, database integrity verification, indexing and statistics updates.  • Implemented the Data Collector to capture the CPU, DISK, Memory counters.  • Implement table partitioning to improve performance and data management.  • Database and SQL Query Tuning to improve performance of loads.  • Reduced the dead locks by using the SQL Server Profiler and setting up Trace flags for every day monitoring.  • Created automatically running stored procedures for day-end operation using SQL Server agent.  Environment:  Windows server 2003/2008, MS SQL Server 2008/2005/2000, SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Profiler, SQL Server Tuning Advisor Idera's SQL Diagnostic Manager, SQLIOSIM, Red-gate SQL Compare. Education Master of Science in Information Systems Engineering and Management Harrisburg University Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering New York Institute of Technology - New York, NY
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1167.html#188:::Oracle Database Architect/Admin, Cassandra admin, MS SQL Admin, Cosmos DB admin;Oracle Database Administrator/Architect;Oracle Database Administrator;Database;Microsoft sql server DBA (2 years);Cassandra Administration (3 years);Oracle database administration (9 years);Microsoft Azure Cosmos DB (2 years);oracle RAC (9 years);Exadata (1 year);Golden gate (1 year);Oracle data Guard (9 years);Apache cassandra (2 years);Datastax Cassandra (3 years);DBA;Sql Server;Oracle Dba;Sql Dba:::Oracle Database Architect/Admin, Cassandra admin, MS SQL Admin, Cosmos DB admin Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> Architect/Admin, Cassandra admin, MS SQL Admin, Cosmos DB admin Oracle Database Architect/Admin, Cassandra admin, MS SQL Admin, Cosmos DB admin - Best Buy Co. Inc Edina, MN ? Approximately, 9 years of experience as a senior database architect/admin, including 3.5 years of experience in US.  ? 9 years of experience as senior oracle database architect/admin, over 2.5 years of experience as Cassandra database admin, MS SQL database admin and Azure cosmos DB admin.  ? Excellent communication, analytical and interpersonal skills. Expertise in driving Sev 1 Major Incident calls and providing technical support as well as management updates to all stakeholders simultaneously in highly critical and business impactful environments.  ? Successfully lead a team of 6 members with customer satisfaction and on time delivery.  ? Working as a project management SPOC and delivering multiple projects with strict deadlines.  ? Working on various OS platforms like RHEL 5/6/7, Solaris, oracle linux, HP UX, Windows, VMs and engineered systems like exadata, oracle database appliance (ODA), oracle cloud and MS Azure.  ? Extensive experience in Oracle DB build activities like Clusterware installation and upgrades, database setup, DG setup.  ? Oracle 9i, 10g, 11g, 12c, 19c database creation, upgrade and decommission with upto 7 node RAC and 2 DR copies.  ? Oracle Database migrations across clusters/datacenters.  ? Creating RAC database, adding node, converting standalone database to RAC.  ? Maintenance activities in RAC databases, OCR and voting disk backup and maintenance, node eviction.  ? Standby database creation and maintenance, dataguard related issues, log gap and recovery, Active dataguard configuration, DG broker setup, Switchover and failover using DG broker.  ? Performance tuning, query tuning including SQLT, SQL Plan manager, baselines, SQL tuning advisor, SQL Profiles, pinning better execution plan, memory flush, tuning memory parameters for optimal performance, optimizer and dictionary stats gathering.  ? PSU/bug fixing patching in oracle 9i, 10g, 11g, 12c and 19c container and non-container databases (RAC and DG configured) and clusterware.  ? ASM instance creation, upgrade, backup and recovery.  ? Creating and supporting ASM Cluster filesystem including volume addition/deletion.  ? RMAN Backup, hot back up, cold back up, configuring and managing backups in data domain.  ? Hot cloning, cold cloning and RMAN cloning of databases, Active database duplication.  ? Capacity planning, ASM storage addition and deletion. Managing database storage with Netapp and EMC devices. ASM disk migration from EMC to Netapp.  ? Database Restore and recovery (tape restore, RMAN restore, point in time recovery). Recovery of missing/deleted data using flashback/backup.  ? DB refresh from one environment to another using Flex Clone, RMAN duplication, export/import, transportable tablespace.  ? Writing Shell scripts to automate usual DB monitoring and scheduling jobs in OEM/crontab.  ? Oracle client installation on Windows and Linux application servers.  ? Managing database account security with Cyberark and getpw utility.  ? Managing database auditing with Arcsight, Kibana, Elastic search.  ? Tuning oracle database systems and clusterware to support overloaded system during Thanks Giving, Cyber Monday and critical business days (upto 3000 orders/sec).  ? Worked on OEM 12c and 13c. OEM patching, OEM upgrade from 12c to 13c. OEM agent installation, de-installation and upgrades.  ? Issues with materialized view failures, refresh and dbms jobs.  ? Export and import using traditional as well as datapump method.  ? Data Encryption using protegrity including table and column level encryption. Protegrity installation, setup and upgrades with EXTPROC listener configuration.  ? Database security using oracle wallets.  ? Data Replication using oracle streams and oracle golden gate.  ? Data retrieval using oracle logminer.  ? Bulk data load using SQL Loader and external tables.  ? LDAP configuration using OID and OUD.  ? Provide support and coordination with both development and production support application teams, for all new releases, code fixes and migration of data between different environments.  ? Supporting Peoplesoft databases, webserver, application server, process scheduler and code migration through STAT.  ? Attending CAB meetings, preparing CAB reports and supporting database outage activities, maintenance, and database health checks including application maintenance.  ? Maintenance Activities:    ? User management  ? Tablespace management  ? Listener and agent related issues  ? Object Reorg , space management, data purging  ? Table and index partitions, hash partitioning of indexes, index rebuild and coalesce.  ? DB Link creation, deletion, maintenance  ? Data file addition, rename, delete  ? Fixing backup job failures  ? Raising and Handling Service requests in Oracle Metalink Support  ? Database resource manager and scheduler windows.    Cassandra Administration:    ? DSE Cassandra cluster installation and DB setup, upto 64 nodes across multiple datacenters.  ? Upgrading DSE Cassandra from 5.1.9 to 6.7.3.  ? Adding/removing nodes from Cassandra cluster. Adding and removing datacenters.  ? Implementation of vnodes and migration from single token range to vnodes.  ? Renaming datacentre names on Cassandra cluster.  ? Database Migration from one cluster to another.  ? Database refresh across environments.  ? Setting replication across multiple datacenters.  ? Managing compaction and repair.  ? Implementing Change Data Capture (CDC) on Cassandra clusters.  ? Administering, monitoring and triaging issues with Cassandra cluster/ database.  ? Enabling/disabling search, analytics and graph on Cassandra nodes.  ? Administrative work on DSE solr including search indexes and solr core.  ? Adding new repositories and clusters to Imanis data/Talena for backup, restore and data refresh.  ? Datastax Agent installation and upgrades.  ? Managing Datastax Opscenter and lifecycle manager and opscenterd.  ? Addition, configuration, removal and monitoring clusters from OPScenter.  ? Managing backups, restore, snapshots, jobs, compaction, repair, performance monitoring and lot more with Opscenter.  ? Memory/JVM tuning, configuring heap dump and enabling garbage collection on Cassandra nodes.  ? Keyspace creation, setup, DDL/DML operations with cqlsh.  ? Creating secondary indexes to increase querying capability.  ? Managing data with TTL configuration.  ? User creation, role creation and privilege management.  ? Data export/import using copy, bulk loader dsbulk. Using sstableloader for refreshing data across environments.  ? Database diagnostic and work with the support team (datastax).  ? Implementing client encryption certificates and renewal.    Cosmos Database Administration on Azure platform    ? Creation of resource group with PaaS subscription.  ? Cosmos database creation and deletion.  ? Creating, modifying or deleting containers.  ? Code deployments.  ? User management and privilege management.  ? Tuning database by controlling throughput scale on table level or database level.  ? Database backups and restore.  ? Real time database performance monitoring.  MS SQL DB Administration:    ? MS SQL database installations.  ? Database upgrades and migration.  ? Managing database backup and restore.  ? DDL and DML operations, code deployments.  ? Database performance tuning, query tuning and providing recommendations to app teams.  ? Database maintenance and failovers.  ? Database capacity planning, user and privilege management.  ? Managing SQL databases on Azure platform. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Architect/Admin, Cassandra admin, MS SQL Admin, Cosmos DB admin Best Buy Co. Inc October 2015 to Present Period Oct 2015 to Present - 3 years 10 months  Technical Skills Oracle 10g, 11g, 12c DBA,RAC, ASM, Dataguard, Unix Shell scripting, Cassandra Admin, MS SQL Admin, Cosmos DB admin  Achievements  • Database and Clusterware builds, upgrades and maintenance.  • Database migrations across clusters/datacenters.  • Working as project management SPOC and delivering multiple projects with strict deadlines.  • ASM disk migration from EMC to Netapp.  • DB performance tuning, query tuning, Plan stability, SPM.  • Standby database setup, DG broker setup and maintenance.  • Managing oracle RAC databases, patching, database cloning and refreshes.  • Database backups, restore and recovery.  • Database security and encryption - Protegrity, oracle wallet, auditing  • 24x7 Holiday support at Best buy with exceptional high load on system (more than 3000 orders/sec).  • Cassandra database build, administration and tuning.  • Managing DSE, OPS Center and imanis data for Cassandra.  • SQL database builds, administration, performance tuning.  • Azure cosmos DB administration.  • Got several appreciations and awards for resolving Major Incidents.    PROJECT 2: Oracle Database Administrator/Architect Walgreens Co. Inc and Drugstore September 2014 to September 2015 Technical Skills Oracle 9i, 10g, 11g DBA,RAC, ASM, Dataguard, Unix Shell scripting  Achievements  • Database builds, upgrades, migrations, patching.  • Successfully converted standalone database to RAC.  • Successfully configured 3-node RAC database along with standby DB.  • Created ASM instance and disk groups.  • Successfully upgraded ASM instance and databases.  • Got several appreciations and awards for quality of service delivery within SLA.  • Successfully lead a team of 6 members with customer satisfaction and on time delivery.  • Database performance tuning and query tuning.    PROJECT 3: Oracle Database Administrator The Hartford Life Insurance September 2010 to August 2014 Technical Skills Oracle 9i, 10g, 11g DBA, Unix Shell scripting  Achievements  • Database Restore and recovery.  • RMAN Backup, hot back up, cold back up.  • PSU/bug fixing patching in oracle.  • Database creation, upgrade and deletion.  • Exports and imports.  • Unix shell scripting.  • Application support/ APP DBA support, code deployments. Education Bachelor's in Electrical and electronics engineering Institute of technical Education and Research - Bhubaneshwar, Orissa August 2006 to July 2010 Skills Database, Microsoft sql server DBA (2 years), Cassandra Administration (3 years), Oracle database administration (9 years), Microsoft Azure Cosmos DB (2 years), oracle RAC (9 years), Exadata (1 year), Golden gate (1 year), Oracle data Guard (9 years), Apache cassandra (2 years), Datastax Cassandra (3 years), DBA, Sql Server, Oracle Dba, Sql Dba Links http://linkedin.com/in/aurovindo-patnaik-751268b9 Certifications/Licenses Oracle Certified Administrator August 2011 to Present ITIL v3 February 2013 to Present ITIL, also known as the Information Technology Infrastructure Library, is the global standard for IT best practices Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    Software  Database: Oracle 9i , 10g , 11g, 12c Container and non-container databases.  Server: Linux, Solaris, HP, Windows,VMs Exadata and ODA machines, Oracle cloud and MS Azure cloud.  Language: Shell Scripting, C,C++, HTML, Java Script, XML, PHP,SQL, PL SQL    Tools  Oracle Universal Installer, DBCA, DBUA, OEM 10g, 11g,12c, 13c, Toad for Oracle, BMC Remedy 7.6 , Service Now, Putty, Kleopatra file encryption, TFA, OS Watcher, Splunk, Kibana, Sharepoint, Hipchat, HP BSM monitoring tool, HP Performance manager, Citrix VMware, ArcSight, CyberArc, Protegrity, Keepass, Password Safe, Last Pass, Win SCP, Metalink - oracle support , STAT migration tool for Peoplesoft , Notepad ++, Oracle SQL Developer, Collabnet Subversion Tool, Autosys, VSS, Oracle Application Server, Lotus Notes, Sametime, Skype and MS Link , MS outlook.  iManis Data, OPS Center for Cassandra, Microsoft SQL Server 2005/8/16    Domain Experience ITIS, Insurance, Retail
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1168.html#189:::APPLICATION DEVELOPER;BLACKBOARD ADMINISTRATOR/SYSTEMS PROGRAMMER;DATABASE/SECURITY ANALYST;PROGRAMMER;Javascript (9 years);Objective c (4 years);Php (9 years);Html5 (9 years);jquery (9 years);HTML (9 years);SQL (9 years);Sql Server (2 years);Linux (7 years);Oracle (3 years);Windows (9 years);Software Development (9 years):::APPLICATION DEVELOPER APPLICATION DEVELOPER Charlotte, NC Software developer looking for a position where I can apply my nine years of software development experience. Work Experience APPLICATION DEVELOPER UNIVERSITY OF NORTH CAROLINA AT CHARLOTTE - Charlotte, NC March 2019 to Present • Developed applications in technologies such as JavaScript, SQL, and HTML5 for imaging solution Perceptive Content.  • Provided support for the university's imaging and workflow solution Perceptive Content. BLACKBOARD ADMINISTRATOR/SYSTEMS PROGRAMMER WINTHROP UNIVERSITY August 2017 to March 2019 • Developed web applications in technologies such as PHP, SQL Server, Oracle, JavaScript, JQuery, HTML5, and CSS3.  • Provided support for the university's Blackboard products including Blackboard Learn, Blackboard Collaborate and Blackboard Analytics software.  • Completed updates, backups, and other administrative tasks of the university's Blackboard products. DATABASE/SECURITY ANALYST SC GOVERNOR'S SCHOOL FOR SCIENCE & MATHEMATICS August 2015 to July 2017 • Developed many responsive web applications, reports, and forms.  • Developed in technologies such as PHP, MySQL, JavaScript, JQuery, HTML5, and CSS3.  • Used APIs and frameworks for some web applications.  • Maintained data in MySQL databases and performed routine imports of data into 3rd party systems.  • Helped analyze and develop security procedures and perform routine security checks.  • Performed general IT support and help desk assistance. PROGRAMMER STINGRAY BOAT COMPANY November 2010 to July 2015 • Developed applications to help boat dealers manage their boats and inventory.  • Developed web applications using PHP, MySQL, JavaScript, JQuery, HTML5 and CSS3.  • Maintained data and performed backups of MySQL databases.  • Performed general IT support on computers and hardware within the company.  • Developed and maintained several iPhone and iPad applications for internal use to view boat production, take production pictures, and view dealer information.  • Developed Facebook and Twitter applications for boat shows and boat tracking.  • Developed scripts for Stingray's boat ordering system. Education BACHELOR OF ARTS in Computer Science COKER COLLEGE August 2006 to May 2010 Skills Javascript (9 years), Objective c (4 years), Php (9 years), Html5 (9 years), jquery (9 years), HTML (9 years), SQL (9 years), Sql Server (2 years), Linux (7 years), Oracle (3 years), Windows (9 years), Software Development (9 years) Additional Information Skills & Abilities  PHP, MySQL, HTML5, JavaScript, JQuery, CSS3, SQL, SQL Server, Oracle, Objective C, LAMP, Canvas, Blackboard, Perceptive Content
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1169.html#190:::Business Analyst for People Analytics;Database Administrator/ Digital Data Specialist;SQL;Excel;MS Office;Business Intelligence;Powerpoint:::Business Analyst for People Analytics Business Analyst for People Analytics Business Analyst for People Analytics San Francisco, CA Work Experience Business Analyst for People Analytics William-Sonoma Inc - San Francisco, CA January 2017 to August 2019 -Project management, implementation, and administration of Retail Sales and HR data into the Zeroed in  dashboard. Platformed Metric and report asset gathering for Retail Sales and HR Measures in our Retail, Corporate and Supply Chain business elements. Developed and maintained SQL views to set data for  transmission to Dashboard.    - Zeroed in dashboard platform became the primary infrastructure to HR reporting Company wide with over 3,000  users and Reduced the number of push reports by 80% in Retail and 30% in corporate    -Provide reporting and business incites for Retail team for associate sales goals, training, and performance in over 600 location.    -Present Executive leadership with deep dives into HR key measures, Associate Sales, Associate Performance, and Opinion Survey trends using Tableau and SQL server.    -Create and distribute SOX and U.S. Government compliance reporting to relevant recipients  Maintain data integrity whilst integrating multiple data sources through a data warehouse.    -Administration and troubleshooting Performance Management process (using SuccessFactors). Database Administrator/ Digital Data Specialist Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee - Washington, DC September 2012 to January 2017 -Create models to analyze trends in e-mail participation and donation patterns, using IBM SPSS software to preform K-means Clustering, Linear Regression and Time Series Analysis, and help implement findings into e-  mail campaigns.    -Create, deploy, and maintain the process for email batching to deliver custom e-mail body and custom email  scheduling to participants based on multiple data attributes pertaining to email action, donation frequency and petition participation.    -Help transition e-mail and donation data across T-SQL and Amazon Redshift data storage systems to maintain  accurate accounting along all data points,    -Partner with the Compliance to import and reconcile donation data for reporting to the Federal Elections  Committee and internal leadership through T-SQL database. Education Bachelors of Arts in Political Science in Services Management American University - Washington, DC August 2012 Skills SQL, Excel, MS Office, Business Intelligence, Powerpoint
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\117.html#191:::Database Administrator (Team Lead);Database Administrator;SQL Server;SQL:::Database Administrator (Team Lead) <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> (Team Lead) Database Administrator (Team Lead) Sacramento, CA 3+ years of experience as a Database Administrator with a  strong background in SQL Server. Excellent team player, lead,  and mentor. Passionate about technology and ready to take  on a new challenge. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Administrator (Team Lead) DXC Technology (Formerly HP Enterprise Services) November 2015 to Present • Oversaw smooth and timely delivery of 600+ database clones to enable the $8.8 billion spin- off and merger of Hewlett Packard Enterprise's (HPE) software business.  • Minimized network congestion from database migrations during three company  separations/divestitures by developing a website (C# ASP.NET MVC) which allowed our team to visualize, track, and carefully schedule data migrations.  • Received CIO Award in recognition of significant contribution to internal cloud environment  that enables DXC/HPE/Micro Focus employees to request and generate their own cloud  databases without the need to leverage third party environments. Database Administrator Hewlett-Packard June 2014 to November 2015 • Successfully migrated 1,382 databases for HP's Enterprise Translation Management Architecture (ETMA) application which saves the company roughly $4 million per quarter.  • Maintain thousands of SQL Server databases by working shifts and ensuring 99.999% availability along with proactive monitoring and steady engagement with customers.  • Consult with application teams to assist with planning, execution and monitoring of RFCs and MTPs for systems of all criticality including mission critical.  • Provide innovation support including data migration, performance tuning, and security administration to hundreds of application teams.  • Configure SQL Server databases for high availability using AlwaysOn Availability Groups, Veritas clustering, Windows clustering, and log shipping.  • Restore databases in Production using point in time recovery methods.  • Configure and install SQL Server on Windows and MySQL/MariaDB on Linux. Upgrade SQL Server with minimal downtime using AlwaysOn Availability Groups.  • Thrived on change while providing flexible support on nights and weekends to successfully complete the separation of Hewlett-Packard. Education B.S. in Computer Engineering California State University May 2014 Skills SQL Server, SQL Links http://LinkedIn.com/in/chadcahill
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1170.html#192:::Microsoft SQL Server Database Administrator (DBA);Microsoft SQL Server Database Administrator (DBA);Microsoft SQL Server Database Administrator (DBA);DATABASE;MS ACCESS;MS SQL SERVER;MS SQL SERVER 2008;SQL SERVER;SQL SERVER 2008;SQL;SSRS;T-SQL;VISUAL STUDIO;REPORTING TOOLS;VISIO;EXCEL;OUTLOOK;MICROSOFT WORD;WORD;DBA;Sql Dba;ETL:::Microsoft SQL Server Database Administrator (DBA) Microsoft SQL Server <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> (DBA) Microsoft SQL Server Database Administrator (DBA) - Dignity Health Management Services Organization Bakersfield, CA I have over 7 years of distinct blend of management and technology experience with deep understanding of the strategic value of business metrics, analytics and transformation of decision makings to improve revenue, minimize expenditure and increase profit. I have lead and assisted technology teams through the design and implementation in Database Administration, Development, Support, Business Intelligence(BI)Engineering, and Data Analysis. Accuracy, commitment, accountability, multiple tasking and completing tasks on time are my strongest suits.    Areas of Strength includes:    • MS SQL Server 2016/2014/2012/2008/2005 • SQL Server Installation, and Configuration  • Disaster Recovery and High Availability • Extract Transform Load(ETL)- SSIS/SSRS  • Upgrades, Migration, Backup & Recovery • BI Strategies/Data Warehouse  • Structured Query Language - T-SQL • Indexing & Performance Tuning  • Automated Process Management(SFTP) • Windows Servers 2012R2/2008R2  • Project & Tech. Documentation Management • Tools: VisualCron, RedGate, SQL Sentry, QNXT, Visual Studio. Work Experience Microsoft SQL Server Database Administrator (DBA) Dignity Health Management Services Organization - Bakersfield, CA August 2016 to Present • Providing 24/7 dedicated Production, Test and Development environments support for SQL Server. Installed and configured MS SQL Server 2008r2, 2012R2, 2014, and 2016, and also applied service packs and security fixes on MS SQL Servers.  • Working with various business groups in the administration and development of their applications, assisting in database design, installing SQL Server clients, phasing from Testing and/or Development to QA and/or Staging to Production environments.  • Monitoring database size and disk space in Production, Test & Development environments  • Finding bottlenecks in CPU, Disk I/O and memory devices to improve database server performance.  • DBmail configuration.  • Master in performing administrative tasks: Data Integration and Synchronization, performance tuning and maintenance tasks such as indexing, database files management, backup/restore, security management, Log Shipping, Replication.  • Conducting various meetings and conferences with application teams to meet corporate milestones for database consolidation, data migration and upgrades.  • Security and architectural planning issues met as well as testing and training and ensuring we meet Recovery Point Objective(RPO) and Recovery Time Objectives (RTO)  • Responsible for automated process management using VisualCron and Performing testing and quality assurance on works delivered.  • Experienced in database and log backups and restoration, planning backup strategies, and scheduling.  • Responsible for configuring and maintaining Transactional and Snapshot replication in Production and Test environments.  • Using third party tool RedGate to ensure all the databases are backing up on the regular basis and then restoring this databases upon requests.  • Improved database performance using SQL Profiler, Trace Flags, Execution plan and Index Tuning Wizards.  • Working on SSIS to import Pharmacy files from different Health Plans such as United, Cigna, HealthNet, BlueShield, and Anthem Blue Cross.  • Responsible for securing SQL Server, user management, and taking care of permissions and roles  • Creating and Scheduling jobs and alerts using SQL Server Agent.  • Working with stakeholders to make sure that we are receiving files on timely basis.  • Experience on TFS(Team Foundation Server) to track projects by creating Product Backlog Items.  • Change Management using Visual Studio Source Control.  • Used Root Cause Analysis (RCA) to identify process breakdowns within departments and provided data through the use of various skill sets to find Corrective and Preventive Actions to breakdown, non-conformance, standard process failures and foster a culture of continuous engineering improvement through mentoring, feedback, and metrics    Accomplishments included:  • QNXT(My company's core application) Upgrade.  • Involved in data integration during a merger with other companies.  • Initiated a strict security control policy to the database servers.  • As the only DBA of the company, I showed my strengths to the fullest.  • Involved in Data masking of test environments to protect PHI(Patient Health Information)  • Created a reliable documentation for standard operating procedures. Microsoft SQL Server Database Administrator (DBA) The Avant Network - Richmond, VA January 2014 to July 2016 • SQL Server 2014, 2012R2, and 2008R2 Installation, Configuration, and Administration.  • Database Backup and Recovery to ensure we meet Recovery Point Objective (RPO) and Recovery Time Objectives (RTO).  • Experienced in Database administration activities for Security such as creating logins, users, roles, and assigning permissions.  • Headed capacity planning, sizing and database growth projections, and scheduled Full and Transactional log backups for the user created and system databases in the production environment  • Database Maintenance Plans to reorganize indexes, rebuild indexes and update index statistics on production databases.  • SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) to populate data from various data sources, creating packages for different data loading operations for application.  • Performance monitoring of production servers.  • SQL Server Agent jobs management.    Accomplishments included:  • Increased efficiency 25% by providing optimum database performance with efficient backup and restore processes in 30 days of being hired Microsoft SQL Server Database Administrator (DBA) Broad Systems International - Alexandria, VA September 2012 to December 2013 • Responsible for Disaster Recovery and High Availability Planning such as SQL Server Replication, Log Shipping.  • Database Maintenance, Backup and Recovery, Migration, Upgrade and Security Management operations  • Assisted in creating documentation models for Standard Operating Procedures, Database Health Checklists, Database configuration documents and Implementation Plans for Change Management purposes  • Worked closely with Management, Business Teams, Software Engineering Leaders, and Database Administrators and Developers to plan catalog data improvements so as to maximize customer improvement impact using both Quantitative Analysis and Business Judgment    Accomplishments included:  • Assisted in creating documentation models for Standard Operating Procedures. Education Bachelor of Science in Public Health Officer in Public Health Officer Jimma University Associates Degree in General Studies in General Studies Northern Virginia Community college - Annandale, VA Associates Degree in Public Health Nursing in Public Health Nursing Alemaya University Skills DATABASE, MS ACCESS, MS SQL SERVER, MS SQL SERVER 2008, SQL SERVER, SQL SERVER 2008, SQL, SSRS, T-SQL, VISUAL STUDIO, REPORTING TOOLS, VISIO, EXCEL, OUTLOOK, MICROSOFT WORD, WORD, DBA, Sql Dba, ETL
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1171.html#193:::Production SQL Server Database Administrator;SQL Server Database Administrator:::Production SQL Server Database Administrator Production SQL Server <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Production SQL Server Database Administrator - Modaj Pro IT Solutions Lake Jackson, TX Experience IN SQL Server Administration and Engineering  ? Over 6 years of experience in Database Administration, System Analysis, Design and Support of MS SQL Server 2017/2016/2014/2012/2008R2/2008/2005 in Production, Test, Development, Stand-alone and Clustered Environments.  ? Expertise in Performance Tuning, Maintenance, Capacity Planning, High Availability and Disaster Recovery (HADR)  ? Solid experience on AlwaysOn, Clustering, Database Mirroring, Log Shipping, including Replication models (Snapshot, Transactional/Merge)  ? Experience in Database Backup and Restore/Recovery, Query Optimization, Security, SQL Server Installation, Configuration of Stand-alone and Clustered environments  ? Experienced in Migration/Upgrade, applying service packs and routine DBA operations like database health check, index optimization, updating statistics, client/server connectivity and capacity planning.  ? Experienced with ETL processes, SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) and SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)  ? Responsible for securing SQL Server, User Management, assigning permissions and roles  ? Experienced in using Query Store, Extended Events, Database Engine Tuning Advisor (DTA), SQL Profiler, Scripts and other third party tools to resolve bottlenecks, deadlocks and slow running queries  ? Experienced in database security through configuring transparent database encryption (TDE) and dynamic data masking  ? Experienced in working independently as well as in team-oriented environments  ? Experienced in installing and creating SQL Server Integration Services(SSIS), SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) and Power BI packages and reports to serve company needs  ? Big on documentation Work Experience Production SQL Server Database Administrator Modaj Pro IT Solutions - Houston, TX May 2015 to Present Responsible for installing, configuring and maintaining SQL Server environment  ? Installed and configured SQL Server instances with backup jobs and database mail  ? Migrated SQL Server databases from SQL Server 2008R2 to 2012  ? Migrated SQL Data from on premises to Azure SQL Database  ? Responsible for High Availabilty and Disaster Recovery Solutions and large scale database migrations from SQL Server 2005 to SQL Server 2008R2 and 2012  ? Responsible for providing SQL Server problem resolutions and 24X7 production support  ? Created T-SQL scripts, stored procedures, tables, views, functions, triggers and indexes  ? Using SSIS, building high performance data integration solutions, including extraction, transformation and load (ETL) packages for data warehousing  ? Using SSRS delivering delivering enterprise, web-enabled reporting to create reports that draw content from a variety of data source  ? Created automation of day to day operations, critical SQL Server alerts and repetitive tasks  ? Created and Supported SQL Server Clustering, AlwaysOn, Replication and Log Shipping in my environment  ? Upgraded Production, Test and Dev Servers from SQL Server 2012 to SQL Server 2014  ? Setup and maintained Log Shipping between various environments  ? Configured and maintained transactional replication for flow of data from QA and Dev. server to replica servers  ? Responsible for installing and maintaining SSIS, SSRS, SSAS and Power BI  ? Used Scripts, database utility programs and 3rd party tools to monitor database performance, such as deadlock, blocking, expensive queries and memory utilization  ? Resolved SQL Server problems in conformance with SLAs, which involves in-depth knowledge of SQL Server architecture, connectivity, replication, backup/restore, security and continuous improvements  ? Configured Transparent Database Encryption on my mission critical databases  Environment: MS SQL Server 2005 - 2017 Enterprise and Standard Editions, Windows 2012/2008R2, Clustering, AlwaysOn, Mirroring, Log Shipping, Replication, MS Visual Studio, Query Store, Extended Events, SQL Profiler, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS Power BI, MS Office 2013. SQL Server Database Administrator Teknokleen Group - Lagos, NG March 2011 to November 2013 MS SQL Server design, Development and administration using SQL Server 2005 - 2008R2 database environments  ? Monitoring SQL Health check and identifying issues and fixing them  ? Used SQL Indexes for improving query performance, lower storage and maintenance cost  ? Used Optimization tools such as SQL Profiler, Dynamic Management Views (DMVs) and Windows Performance Monitor for monitoring and tuning SQL Server performance  ? Implemented Installation, Configuration and Upgrading of SQL Server  ? Good experience in User Management and maintaining of databases  ? Automation of administrative tasks like creating jobs and schedules, alerts using SQL Server Agent monitoring and troubleshooting jobs, event notifications using Database Mail  ? Maintained server security by assigning logins, server and database roles and server permissions  ? Implemented disaster prevention and recovery strategies and supported High Availability features like Clustering, AlwaysOn, Log Shipping, Database Mirroring and Replication  ? Maintained database response times in 24X7 production environment and proactively generated reports  ? Planned and Implemented database backup/restore and disaster recovery  ? Implemented Log Shipping from Primary to Standby servers  ? Created and maintained SQL objects like Tables, Views, Stored Procedure, Constraints and User defined functions  ? Used tools like SQL Profiler, Fog Light, Red Gate for monitoring my environment    Environment: MS SQL Server 2005 - 2008R2 Enterprise and Standard Editions, Clustering, AlwaysOn, Mirroring, Log Shipping, Replication, Extended Events, SQL Profiler. Education Bachelor of Science in Mathematics Nnamdi Azikiwe University 2009 Additional Information Technical Skills:  ? ETL: SSIS, BI (SSDT)  ? Analytic and problem solving  ? SQL Server Versions: 2017/2016/2014/2012/2008R2/2008/2005  ? Virtualization: Azure, VMware  ? Reporting and Auditing Tools: SSRS, SSDT and Power BI  ? Backup Software: SQLSafe, Red Gate and Idera  ? DB Query and Monitoring Tools: Query Store, Extended Events, DTA. SQL Profiler  ? Operating System: Windows 7, 8, 10, Windows NT/2000/2003/2008 and 2012 Servers and basic knowledge of windows Powershell
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1172.html#194:::Sr. Business Analyst;Sr. Business Analyst;Business Analyst;Business Analyst;Sr database administrator;Database administrator;DATABASE;MS SQL SERVER;MS SQL SERVER 2008;SQL SERVER;SQL SERVER 2008:::Sr. Business Analyst Sr. Business Analyst Sr. Business Analyst - Wells Fargo, New Jersey New York, NY • Around 8 years of work experience in all aspects of Software Development lifecycle with specific emphasis in business analysis as part of Waterfall and Agile (Scrum) methodologies.  • Solid understanding in all phases of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) including requirements gathering, analysis, design, implementation, testing and deployment.  • Strong facilitation and project management skills to negotiate priorities, escalate and resolve conflicts among project stakeholders, coordinate with cross functional teams, and conduct status and checkpoint calls.  • Excellent verbal and written communication skills, strong analytical skills, desire and ability to research and formulate appropriate analytical technology and resolve complex problem situations and document results.  • Experience of working with Business Owners, Analysts, Product Managers, and technical teams to define requirements and identify dependencies across finance, auto and retail industries.  • Actively worked on metrics, Process improvements for cost saving, Risk Tracking, Coordination with other vendors, stream-lining the process between Onsite and Offshore and People Management.  • Experience in SQL/ Oracle Database and Application support with expertise in handling database backup, health checks and supporting Web Applications in production environment for different technologies.  • Experience in IIS Web applications hosting ITSM applications, ASP.Net related applications  • Worked on debugging/load balancer tools like HTTP Analyze, Windows Network load balancer  • Handled multiple activities as part of database support including Db upgrade, applying quarterly CPU patches, handling space issues in Oracle and MS- SQL databases, meeting the Service level Agreements as per business standards.  • Worked on monthly work status reporting and updating technology specific documentation.  • Experience in supporting applications hosted in shared infrastructure for different customers.  • Experience in production support in resolving major application issues related to ITSM (OTRS/ CA Service Desk) applications, IIS/ Apache web-based applications, standalone applications, and server capabilities.  • Expertise in in and out flow of chatbot tools like Bold chat and LogMeIn.  • Handled application issues in bold chad and worked on tool enhancements.  • Strong on working with Notifications, problem incidents, Change and incident management process.  • Creation of Standard Operating procedure & Best Practices documents as per Business standards.  • Got appreciation for developing a framework for server space optimization  • Got recognized from the higher management and from the customer for designing interactive screen using FWI tool.  • Thrives on responsibility and challenge and is committed to customer service excellence. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Business Analyst Wells Fargo, New Jersey November 2017 to Present RESPONSIBILITIES:  • Acted as a liaison between business stakeholders and software development team to gather requirements.  • Facilitated (JAD) Joint Application Development sessions to identify business rules and requirements and then documented them.  • Worked with business to analyze Trade transactions, Positions, Valuation, PNL Attribution, Accounting, Collateral etc. across asset classes in Listed/OTC derivatives and Cash products  • Worked on requirements for data sourcing and ingestion from Systems of Records to the Hadoop based data lake  • Created mapping and transformation design to meet the defined data model on the data lake  • Supported analysis of Data quality, Metadata and Data Governance requirements and integrated them with the overall system requirements  • Prepared functional test cases along with use cases for appropriate evaluation of the application that is being developed  • Analyzed the quality of data for further downstream usage by building framework for data quality checks  • Utilized technical expertise to manage multiple assignments, including large and critical projects to assure timely and cost-effect objectives delivery  • Scheduled and prioritized work and plan a sequence of development activities that accomplish the planned targets  • Assisted in the creation of project plans by interacting with the various stakeholders viz. IT and Business leads and prepared presentations for the group  • Simplified the existing processes by identifying the routine procedures / complex mechanisms and made these easier through automation and best practice sharing.  • Standardized the list of elements and their business description, by closely interacting with different functional teams.  • Conducted GAP Analysis for training purposes between existing application and proposed integration of new system.  • Assisted in building transformation logics for source to data mapping of business elements  • Prepared functional specification document (FSD) and data dictionary as part of documentation for downstream consumption.  • Assisted in QA through development of quality assurance artifacts and developed SQL queries for testing, implementation and user acceptance testing.  • Conducted functional walk through with dev, QA and UAT teams to ensure smooth translation of requirements and minimal defects during SIT/UAT. Sr. Business Analyst Federal Mogul, Bold - Atlanta, GA November 2014 to December 2016 Offshore  RESPONSIBILITIES:  • Identified, assessed, and documented business requirements, recommended business priorities and advised business on options, risks, and costs with various alternatives as part of building SQL server-based CRM application.  • Conducted requirement elaboration sessions and documented business requirements and business solutions.  • Worked closely with IT teams, Operations, vendors and other client departments to co-ordinate systems testing, application deployment, and training and support activities.  • Maintained Compliance tracker, roadmaps, dashboards and overall inventory.  • Actively tracked metrics during sprints and shared results with scrum team to measure progress and plan for upcoming projects.  • Developed use cases, workflows, screen mock-ups and conversion requirements.  • Interacted directly with stakeholders to identify and evaluate improvement opportunities and explained issues.  • Worked closely with the application development and design team to resolve technical issues and interacted with them to ensure overall quality of the project.  • Participated in design review meetings and translated the requirements to the developers and guided the team during issues with business requirements occur.  • Worked with the users to prioritize and schedule the enhancement requests with the business needs.  • Interacted with clients to discuss better UI features that can be provided through the application to the clients.  • Identified project resource needs, obtained necessary resources, defined project team roles, and ensured effective team dynamics.  • Worked with the testing resources and business owners to formulate test scenarios and user acceptance test cases.  • Having experience in supporting the application issues chatbots like bold chat and LogMeIn.  • Based on the customer requirements enhanced the changes to the chatbot, made sure the changes done accordingly and was responsible to deploy the files from Dev. to Prod. system. Business Analyst Chrysler, Detroit MI/Offshore - Detroit, MI February 2014 to October 2014 RESPONSIBILITIES:  • Collected requirements using interviews, document analysis, requirements workshops, business process descriptions, use cases, scenarios, business analysis and task / workflow analysis.  • Formulated business requirements, created / updated business requirement and functional design documents and assisted with implementation, and testing plans.  • Liaised between stakeholders, business units and technology teams  • Utilized agile methodology to complete sprints and tasks included in daily standup meetings / reporting.  • Created standard operating procedures (SOPs) and software specifications documents.  • Assisted operations manager for weekly reporting / related documentation as required.  • Worked with SME's and Users to elicit actual and underlying needs of the Business and System.  • Worked on delivery of documentation and presentations, participating in project teams and providing regular status reporting.  • Translated business requests and all subsequent change requests from the client/Users (processes, rules, requirements, acceptance criteria) into functional and Non-Functional requirement Documents.  • Facilitated analysis workshops with internal and external resources to draw out stated/Unstated details of business and product requirements  • Collaborated with functional users and IT staff to troubleshoot problems identified in testing, resolved issues during systems upgrades, translated requirements into UAT / functional test plans, and ensure proper testing of system functionality.  • Prepared workflow charts and diagrams to specify business processes supported by proprietary financial systems.  • Coordinated / delivered training for departmental end users and central users of system modules.  • Developed effective reporting tools to support business unit information requirements.  • Assisted and supported QA team in understanding and creating manual and automated test plans, testing efforts, root cause analysis.  • Assisted and supported Development team to understand the actual system requirements of the clients/Users.  • Maintained updated, accurate, and clear stories for the scrum teams to ensure Customer satisfaction and facilitated UAT.  • Continuously facilitated Meetings and Sessions to pinpoint the actual Requirement Specifications from the Clients and reach the session/teams to consensus.  • Performed Gap Analysis, created and maintained various BA artifacts. Business Analyst Dollar General, New York City NY - New York, NY June 2012 to December 2013 Offshore  RESPONSIBILITIES:  • Was accountable for the product/project releases on time through close collaboration with agile product development teams and the extended client organization  • Worked on building platform for data-informed decisions for the product and the business using retail analytics  • Conducted quantitative and qualitative analyses including customer behavior, retail trends  • Responsible for building SQL server-based ticketing application which was used for retail merchandise planning, demand forecasting, inventory management and product performance analysis  • Ensured that issues logged into defect and incident reporting and tracking tool (Team Foundation Server) are accurate, complete, and ensure there is no existing ticket on the same issue.  • Investigated new requests for work to determine high level business requirements and assess feasibility.  • Supported the creation of robust and compelling project proposals and business cases.  • Ability to interact effectively with non-technical, functional user community while being able to translate customer needs and business requirements into features and high-level functions.  • Supported the on-going development and implementation of business analysis and business solution design methods, tools and practices.  • Carried out analysis of impact, risks, technical dependencies and review/validate expected benefits.  • Worked as a connector and a facilitator for Test Team, Development, Production team and Clients.  • Updated the daily status and participates in the Daily and Weekly status meetings.  • Documented detailed Business Requirements Documents (BRD), Technical Requirement Specifications (TRS) and Functional Requirements Specification (FRS).  • Developed test plans, test cases and conducted User Acceptance Testing (UAT).  • Facilitated requirement gathering sessions with the business team to collect the business standards, security and service level requirements and studied the business process.  • Create and execute SQL queries to find clues on what may be causing the opportunity.  • Perform root cause analysis on production issues.  • Action upon ad hoc tasks requested by business partners to support day to day operations.  • Worked with SQL, functions to test the database integrity.  • Worked closely with the Dev team and assist them in producing a quality code.  • Assisted with risk assessment, mitigation and re-planning efforts when necessary. Sr database administrator Miller Coors, Irvin oil - New York, NY November 2011 to June 2012 Offshore  RESPONSIBILITIES:  • Worked in a role which involved 24 X 7 Production Oracle database support and administration and on-call rotation.  • Involved in Installation, Configuration and Administration of Oracle 10g/11g RAC.  • Converted a single instance database to Oracle RAC.  • Performed backups and recoveries using RMAN/conventional hot & cold backups.  • Worked on Upgrade/Migration of databases from Oracle 9i/10g to Oracle 11g.  • Involved in Creating and refreshing materialized views.  • Used SQL* Loader and External Tables to Load data from flat files to database and implemented different Partition methodologies.  • Worked on taking periodic Backup of the Database and the software using RMAN and VERITAS Netback up.  • Monitored databases using OEM and worked on Oracle Database and Oracle Applications cloning/refresh.  • Participated in other database admin activities like applying RDBMS patches, security patches, proactive monitoring of databases and applications.  • Conducted multiple "dry runs" (test runs) to gather timings for production upgrades  • Worked on incident/problem and change management. Database administrator Avis Budget Car Rental - Houston, TX December 2010 to October 2011 Offshore  RESPONSIBILITIES:  • Was responsible for daily production support of all databases.  • Analyzed and Resolved problem tickets as per the Service Level agreement lines.  • Created user accounts and assigned roles & privileges as per the requirement.  • Worked on reorg and rebuilding the indexes.  • Maintained scheduled backups of all the databases and re-running the backups if any failure.  • Worked on tablespace management and configuring the monitoring alerts for tablespace health check.  • Maintained 100% SLA and in resolving the incidents, done DPP and proactively handled archive space.  • Worked on Space issues, configurations and fixing all types of ORA-errors.  • Monitored scheduled jobs and resolved any failed/broken jobs.  • Generated/Prepared AWR, ADDM reports for performance analysis.  • Worked on data files movement from one drive to another drive, health checks - Identifying violations and giving business justifications.  • Developed overview documents on database installations. Education Bachelor of Technology in Technology Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Hyderabad 2009 Skills DATABASE, MS SQL SERVER, MS SQL SERVER 2008, SQL SERVER, SQL SERVER 2008 Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    Methodologies Agile, Waterfall, ITIL  Agile Tools JIRA  Database Oracle 10g/9i, MS SQL Server 2008,2010  Third-party Tools Putty, VNC Viewer Humming bird, Tivoli monitoring  Operating Systems IBM-AIX, HP-UX, Linux (4.0),Windows 2008  Chatting Tools Boldchat, LogMeIn Rescue  Interactive dashboard Tools Four Winds Interactive  Incident/ Change Tools IBM Maximo, ITSM (OTRS/CA Service Desk)
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1173.html#195:::SQL Server Database Administrator;SQL DBA ADMINISTRATOR;SQL DBA ADMINISTRATOR;DBA;Sql Dba;Sql Server;MYSQL;Ssis;Sql Database;DB2:::SQL Server Database Administrator SQL Server <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> SQL Server Database Administrator - Mahamittra Group LLC Atlanta, GA Work Experience SQL Server Database Administrator Mahamittra Group LLC March 2018 to Present • Identifies database requirements by interviewing customers; analyzing department applications, programming, and operations; evaluating existing systems and designing proposed systems, while working in a team of 6.  • Recommends solutions by defining database physical structure and functional capabilities, database security, data backup, and recovery specifications.  • Installs revised or new systems by proposing specifications and flowcharts; recommending optimum access techniques; coordinating installation requirements.  • Maintains database performance by calculating optimum values for database parameters; implementing new releases; completing maintenance requirements; evaluating computer operating systems and hardware products.  • Prepares users by conducting training; providing information; resolving problems.  • Provides information by answering questions and requests.  • Maintains quality service by establishing and enforcing organization standards.  • Support high availability using AlwaysON availability groups for our critical production databases. SQL DBA ADMINISTRATOR Ellucian January 2016 to March 2018 SQL DBA ADMINISTRATOR Transdin Group LLC January 2014 to January 2016 * Ensure all database servers were backed * Test backups to prevent down time * Troubleshoot SQL Server service outages as they occur * Use clustering, log shipping, mirroring, * Installed and configure new SQL Servers * When performance issues arise, determine the most effective way to increase performance including hardware purchases, server configuration changes, or index/query changes * Document the company's database environment Education Certification in Microsoft SQL Chattahoochee Technical College - Marietta, GA 2008 to 2012 Skills DBA, Sql Dba, Sql Server, MYSQL, Ssis, Sql Database, DB2
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1174.html#196:::Sr. Database Administrator;Sr. Database Administrator;Sr. Database Administrator;Sr. Database Administrator;Sr. Database Performance Administrator;Sr. Database Performance Administrator;Sr. Database Administrator;Sr. Database Administrator;Sr. Database Administrator;Sr. Database Administrator;Sr. Database Administrator;Sr. Database Administrator;Foxpro;Informix;Ms access;Sql server;Oracle;Oracle 10g;Oracle 8;Pl/sql;Sql;Rman;Aix;Linux;Red hat;Shell scripts;Solaris;Sun;Unix;Bmc;Cobol;Remedy;DBA;Oracle Dba;Sql Dba:::Sr. Database Administrator Sr. <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Sr. Database Administrator - Prime Therapeutics Medina, MN • 17 years of experience in Information Technology, this includes 16 plus years as Oracle Database Administrator.  • Provided support for installation, configuration, architecture and maintenance of Oracle databases (8i/9i/10g/11g/12c), Oracle9i/10g Application Server (OAS) and Infrastructure Server, Oracle Internet Directory (OID), Oracle Portal, Oracle Single Signon.  • Currently gaining experience in AWS Cloud Solutions Architect.  • Extensive knowledge on database backup/recovery strategy (RMAN, DataPump), Flash Recovery Area (FRA), Performance Tuning, Capacity Planning.  • Setup Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM 9i) and Grid Control (10g/11g/12c/13c) for database monitoring, performance and diagnostics.  • Good working knowledge on setting up Auditing, Authentication, Authorization, Fine-Grained Access Control.  • Installation and configuration of 11g RAC on RHEL.  • Extensive working knowledge in Real Application Cluster (RAC) and Data Guard Setup and Administration.  • Developed SQL and UNIX scripts to automate DBA functions. Diagnosed problems and implement corrective actions.  • Good working knowledge on all related tools like ASM, LogMiner, SQL Tuning advisor, Segment advisor, SQL Access advisor, Oracle VM, VMWare  • Extensive experience in Data Modeling, Database Design, Data Architecting & Systems Architecting. Was involved in several Enterprise wide Technology Architecting & Implementation.  • Maintained large production as well as development/test/stage databases which involve data warehousing and OLTP based applications.  • Seasoned programmer in stored procedures, functions, packages, and triggers using PL/SQL.  • Ability to work on own initiative and as part of a team. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Willingness to learn new technologies, openness to new ideas and ability to learn very quickly. Provided on-call 24/7 production support. Work Experience Sr. Database Administrator Prime Therapeutics - Eagan, MN February 2018 to Present Environment: Oracle 12c (12.1.0.2), Linux, AIX 5L - 64 Bit, Oracle 13c Grid Control, RMAN, Data Guard, Toad  ? Designing, Installing, Configuring and administrating the Oracle 12c Active Data Guard.  ? Maintaining Data Guard Observer to switchovers, enable or disable FSFO.  ? Administrating CAMM, ScriptMed applications.  ? Involved in On-Call rotation.  ? Working on issues related to database performance, user administration, schema, profile and role handling.  ? Worked on Database Refreshes using RMAN and Data Pump procedures. Sr. Database Administrator Solutran, Inc - Plymouth, MN June 2017 to December 2017 Environment: Oracle 11g (11.2.0.4), Linux, Windows 2012 R2 SP2,Oracle 13c Grid Control, RMAN, TOAD  ? Installation, Configuration and Maintenance of Oracle 13c Enterprise Manager Cloud Control.  ? Installation of Agent Software at different host platforms.  ? Working on issues related to database performance, user administration, schema, profile and role handling. Sr. Database Administrator Target Corporation - Minneapolis, MN January 2017 to June 2017 Environment: Oracle 11g (11.2.0.4/ 11.2.0.3), Oracle 10g (10.1.0.5/ 10.2.0.1/ 10.2.0.3/ 10.2.0.4/ 10.2.0.5), Golden Gate, Oracle 10g/11g RAC, Data Guard, Exadata, Oracle 11g R2 Grid Infrastructure, Oracle Streams, Linux x86-64, AIX 5L bases systems (64- Bit), JIRA  Project: Enterprise Data, Analytics, & BI Engineering (EDABI)  ? Involved in Coordinating Migration Activities from Oracle RAC to Exadata platform by teaming up with EXADATA services team and EDABI Portfolio teams.  ? Supporting Critical and High alerts coming through Grid Control alerts.  ? Working on issues related to Data Guard, Oracle RAC environments, Golden Gate.  ? Working on issues related to RMAN Full, Archive and Control file backups via GRID Jobs and manually connecting to target and catalog.  ? Working on issues related to database performance, user administration, schema, profile and role handling.  ? Worked on database refreshes from production to test and development environments for Micro-Strategy, eDW, DPM portfolios.  ? Coordinating with Off-Shore Target India DBAs regarding the incidents and issues. Sr. Database Administrator Minnesota Housing and Finance Agency - Saint Paul, MN November 2014 to January 2017 Environment: Oracle 10g (10.1.0.5/ 10.2.0.1/ 10.2.0.3/ 10.2.0.4/ 10.2.0.5), Oracle 11g (11.2.0.2/ 11.2.0.3/11.2.0.4), Oracle Forms 6i, 11g R2, Windows Server 2003/ 2012 R2 SP2,Oracle 12c Grid Control, RMAN  ? Day to-day DBA duties which involves in monitoring all the instances for any specific errors, activities.  ? Frequent Refreshes from Production to Development, Testing, Next and UAT environments.  ? Maintained Security Standards.  ? Implemented Fine Grained Access Controls.  ? Worked on projects such as LIRC, BI Data Warehouse Implementation.  ? Rich experience in writing SQL queries, Views, Materialized views, PL/SQL procedures, functions, packages, triggers, cursors, collections, Ref cursor, cursor variables, System reference cursor, Dynamic SQL.  ? Good knowledge in front end development using oracle forms/reports6i/9i/10g/11g.  ? Experience in creating master detail forms and adding alerts.  ? Experience in developing forms based on views, tables and procedures in tabular and form layouts.  ? RMAN Backup setups.  ? Extensively worked with third party database tools like TOAD.  ? Experienced in interacting with Business Users, Business Analyst, IT Leads, Developers and System Analysts to gather and analyze business requirements  and translating requirements to functional and technical design specifications.  ? Worked on issues related to database performance, user administration, schema, profile and role handling.  ? Installation and configuration of Oracle 10g Database on Windows environments. Sr. Database Performance Administrator Thomson Reuters - Eagan, MN August 2014 to February 2015 Environment: Oracle 11g (11.2.0.2/ 11.2.0.3), Oracle 11g RAC, Linux x86-64, AIX 5L bases systems (64- Bit)  Project: eGRC Performance Testing  ? Involved in restructuring of Oracle databases by coordinating with Business Units and Oracle Developers which involves capacity planning, performance and easy administration.  ? Worked on issues related to database performance, user administration, schema, profile and role handling.  ? Set up RMAN Backups, Cold backups. Scheduled using CRON.  ? Restoring data from backups.  ? Used performance tools like sqlt, oswatcher, awr, addm, etc.  ? Performed security configurations by creating user profiles, roles.  ? Involved in data loading from external source into Oracle schemas.  ? Worked on database refreshes from production to test and development environments. Sr. Database Performance Administrator Cargill Inc - Minneapolis, MN June 2014 to October 2014 Environment: Oracle 10g (10.1.0.5/ 10.2.0.1/ 10.2.0.3/ 10.2.0.4/ 10.2.0.5), Oracle 11g (11.2.0.2/ 11.2.0.3), Golden Gate, Exadata, Oracle 10g/11g RAC, Oracle 11g R2/ 12c Grid Infrastructure, Oracle Streams, Linux x86-64, AIX 5L bases systems (64- Bit), Windows SP, BMC Remedy User, HP OVO Java Console  Project: GDTS Operations Group - Supporting Oracle Databases (Production/ Testing/ Development)  ? Worked on issues related to Data Guard Standby, Oracle RAC environments, Exadata.  ? Worked on issues related to RMAN Full, Archive and Control file backups via GRID Jobs and manually connecting to target and catalog.  ? Worked on issues related to database performance, user administration, schema, profile and role handling.  ? Installation and Configuration of Oracle 11g Linux based systems.  ? Installed and Configured Oracle VM on Linux.  ? Worked on database refreshes from production to test and development environments.  ? Worked on Replication and Extracting data and applying on production using Golden Gate. Sr. Database Administrator Graco, Inc - Minneapolis, MN December 2013 to April 2014 Environment: Oracle 10g (10.1.0.5/ 10.2.0.1/ 10.2.0.3/ 10.2.0.4/ 10.2.0.5), Oracle 11g (11.2.0.2/ 11.2.0.3), Linux x86-64, AIX 5L bases systems (64- Bit), Windows SP, Mercury IT Service Change request.  Project: Managing the whole database environment for the Company.  Involved in proactive database management using the HP OVO console which tracks down the yet to be issues in three categories majors, minors and warnings  ? Day to-day DBA duties which involves in monitoring all the instances for any specific errors.  ? RMAN implementation is in progress. A change from sql backtrack.  ? Working on several projects from each individual business team.  ? Doing extensive performance tuning on data warehouse environment along with OLTP databases.  ? Performed advanced DBA functions: Physical DB design, and security, Day-to-day DBA monitoring and business needs analysis.  ? Cleaning up one server at a time by removing unnecessary files and file systems.  ? Involved in data loading from external source into Oracle schemas.  ? Coordinating in generation of reports through Minisoft software from the MS SqlServer database. Sr. Database Administrator State of Minnesota, BWSR - Minneapolis, MN September 2013 to December 2013 Environment: Oracle 11g (11.2.0.2/ 11.2.0.3), Windows SP  Project: BWSR Data Migration from old system to new system.  ? Worked on several migration queries which meet to the end standards.  ? Set up RMAN backup configuration and implemented the Incremental backups using Level 0 and Level 1 along with Archive scheduling.  ? Worked closely with Business team in the migration of data by gathering the required specifics.  ? Generated Excel based reports on part of testing the migration. Sr. Database Administrator Cargill Inc - Minneapolis, MN January 2012 to September 2013 Environment: Oracle 10g (10.1.0.5/ 10.2.0.1/ 10.2.0.3/ 10.2.0.4/ 10.2.0.5), Oracle 11g (11.2.0.2/ 11.2.0.3), Golden Gate, Oracle 10g/11g RAC, Oracle 11g R2 Grid Infrastructure, Oracle Streams, Linux x86-64, AIX 5L bases systems (64- Bit), Windows SP, BMC Remedy User, HP OVO Java Console  Project: GDTS Operations Group - Supporting Oracle Databases (Production/ Testing/ Development)  ? Involved in proactive database management using the HP OVO console which tracks down the yet to be issues in three categories majors, minors and warnings  ? Supported Critical and High alerts coming through BMC Remedy tool.  ? Worked on issues related to Data Guard Standby, Oracle RAC environments, SAP HANA  ? Worked on issues related to RMAN Full, Archive and Control file backups via GRID Jobs and manually connecting to target and catalog.  ? Worked on issues related to database performance, user administration, schema, profile and role handling.  ? Worked on database refreshes from production to test and development environments.  ? Worked on several ORA errors.  ? Involved in restructuring of Oracle databases by coordinating with Business Units and Oracle Developers which involves capacity planning, performance and easy administration.  ? Coordinated with customers around the globe regarding the incidents created.  ? Implementation of high availability solutions with Oracle 10g RAC, Physical Standby database (Data Guard), Golden Gate.  ? Worked as Queue Manager for the Operations group once in three weeks and assigning the critical, highs and tasks to the database resources in Operations group.  ? Involved in pager rotation. Sr. Database Administrator TIAA-CREF - Charlotte, NC September 2011 to January 2012 Environment: Oracle 10g (10.2.0.3/ 10.2.0.4), Oracle 11g (11.2.0.1/ 11.2.0.2), Oracle 10g RAC, Oracle 10g Grid Control, Oracle 11g R2 Grid Infrastructure, RMAN, AIX 5L bases systems (64- Bit), Linux x86-64  Project: Informatica to DataStage Conversion - Informatica Jobs are being converted to DataStage Jobs. And the Jobs are being tested on Oracle, Teradata and Microsoft SQL Server database environments by the IBM team. Project DBA will be providing the data in the required applications in Oracle environments.  ? Gathered all the data, related to servers, database names, environments (DEV, System Testing, Integration testing) from various application teams (Financial Advisor FAO, Externalization, REDW, RMW Bundle 1/2/3, Siebel)  ? Coordinated with all the application teams daily  ? Set up meetings with various teams.  ? Coordinated with offshore IBM and onshore IBM teams and providing the relevant information  ? Created and managed SAF related information for all the applications so that extranet connections are established for the offshore team.  ? Worked on Oracle export and import dumps.  ? Worked on RMAN backups and restores.  ? Created databases and imported the data from another database using RMAN. Sr. Database Administrator Lifetouch - Minneapolis, MN May 2011 to August 2011 Environment: Oracle 10g (10.2.0.3/ 10.2.0.4), Oracle 11g, Oracle 10g RAC, Data Guard, Oracle 10g Grid Control, Oracle 11g R2 Grid Infrastructure, TOAD, Oracle Streams, RMAN, Sun Solaris (64- Bit) 10, Linux x86-64  ? Installed, configured and administered Automatic Storage Management (ASM) on RAC instances.  ? Configured Sql Server databases performance monitoring through Oracle 10g OEM grid control.  ? Coordinating and assisting the Spectrum, PLS development teams.  ? Working on installing and configuring Oracle 11g Grid.  ? Actively involved in deploying the changes occurred in the databases in all database environments.  ? Involved in export and import dumps  ? Involved in 24/7 on-call support for all the Oracle Instances. Sr. Database Administrator Bank of America - Charlotte, NC December 2009 to May 2011 Environment: Oracle 10g (10.2.0.3/ 10.2.0.4), Oracle 11g, Oracle 10g RAC, Data Guard, Oracle 10g Grid Control, TOAD, RMAN, Sun Solaris (64- Bit) 10  ? Installed and Configured Oracle 10g RAC on Sun Solaris 10 in SIT, DIT, UAT, BDI, BSI, LT, PROD, PROD2 (Data Guard) environments. All installations are configured to Bank of America standards.  ? Installed and Configured Oracle 11g RAC on RHEL for POC environment.  ? Installed, configured and administered Automatic Storage Management (ASM) on RAC instances.  ? Installed, configured and administered Data warehousing environment databases like SIT5/L5/P5/P377 etc.  ? Applied Jan CPU10, Oct CPU09, Patch Set Update (PSU) 10.2.0.4.1, 10.2.0.4 CRS Patch Bundle 4, Opatch 10.2.0.4.8, and several other Interim patches on all the instances of the RAC.  ? Involved in 24/7 support for all the Oracle RAC Instances.  ? Developed Monitoring and Maintenance for a large platform of replicated Cluster Databases based on Oracle Grid Control.  ? Converted all the above environments from a single node database instance into two node Oracle RAC database using rconfig.  ? Resolved errors encountered during the rconfig conversion.  ? Planning & Implementing Oracle 10g RAC on Solaris 10 and upgrades.  ? Worked closely with Oracle support on issues encountered during the installation of 11g RAC.  ? Applied all the post-conversion scripts after the rconfig conversion by specifying cluster interconnects, listener configs and creating services and database in the CRS.  ? Gathered, and administered AWR, ADDM, tkprof, alert logs and explain plan outputs.  ? Deployed several release scripts into the above environments.  ? Planned and Implemented Oracle 10g schema level Streams and mview replication.  ? Monitored and maintained databases sizes ranging from 10 TBs to few hundred GBs. Education MS in Computer Science University of Oklahoma - Norman, OK Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science JNTU - Hyderabad, Telangana Skills Foxpro, Informix, Ms access, Sql server, Oracle, Oracle 10g, Oracle 8, Pl/sql, Sql, Rman, Aix, Linux, Red hat, Shell scripts, Solaris, Sun, Unix, Bmc, Cobol, Remedy, DBA, Oracle Dba, Sql Dba
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1175.html#197:::Oracle Database Engineer;Oracle Infrastructure Eng;Oracle Core DBA /Production Support Database Administrator;Oracle Production Support Database Administrator;Sql server;Oracle;Pl/sql;Sql;Aix:::Oracle Database Engineer Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> Engineer Oracle Database Engineer - KeyBank Montana City, MT ? Experienced IT professional 8+ years of experience in managing and maintaining Oracle Databases, Other (RDBMS), software development life cycle (SDLC) and E-Business Suite as well as other enterprise resource planning (ERP) applications.  ? Extensive knowledge on database administration for Oracle 10g, 11g and 12c, with expertise in planning, project management, database security, production support, installation, configuration, upgrades and patches.  ? Strong focus on Linux shell scripting, SQL, migration across a variety of platforms and oracle versions, backup and recovery, performance tuning, cloning, space management security and stakeholder management in very large scale database environment and mission critical large OLTP and OLAP systems.  ? Comfortable with data pump jobs using the exp/imp utility.  ? Excellent in writing/editing UNIX Shell Scripts, PATCHING & UPGRADATION - With expertise in upgrading Oracle Development and Production databases from 10g to 12c, Data guard configuration, implementing and maintaining standby databases.  ? Able to setup Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) Grid Control (11g) & Cloud (12c) for database monitoring/performance/diagnostics; Able to use Peoplesoft and E Business Suite for best practices and to maximize the ability to work smart, minimize cost and increase efficiency between co-workers and excellent customer services  ? Experience in various Database Backups; such as RMAN (Full/Incremental backups), in traditional hot/cold backups, LOGICAL BACKUPS and Database migration tools with DATA PUMP, Export/Import and Transportable tablespaces.  ? Configured Golden Gate  ? Performance Tuning of Databases, Oracle instances, and Applications which included but not limited to finding performance bottlenecks using EXPLAINPLAN, SQLTRACE, TKPROF, AWR, and ADDM.  ? Installed and Managed Physical Standby databases and Data Guard for disaster recovery  ? Possess excellent communication skills by having to coordinate with system administrators, business data analysts and development teams; Along with being well trained in computer services  ? Hands on experience in Oracle 11g RAC implementation & administration (Oracle Clusterware setup and configuration, RAC installation using ASM, Grid Installation)  ? Experience in Performance Tuning using SQLTRACE, TKPROF, STATSPACK, AWR REPORT, ADDM, SQL PLAN MANAGEMENT, EXPLAIN PLAN and maintaining Oracle Databases running on Unix/Linux (Sun Solaris, HP-UX, IBM-AIX, Red Hat Linux) and Windows Operating Systems, Migration of databases from 11g to 12c. and Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Engineer KeyBank - Cleveland, OH September 2017 to Present Supported multiple instance RAC databases for high performance and availability  ? Excellent hands on migrations skills between versions 10g, 11g and 12c databases.  ? Comfortable using OEM for monitoring and maintaining databases for best practices.  ? Administered users and their respective access using administrative standards and procedures.  ? Created, moved and upgraded databases using customized scripts, DBCA and DBUA  ? Decommissioned databases and their servers after upgrades.  ? Edited and ran unix shell and sql scripts as well as stored procedures to effect data changes.  ? Hands on experience Oracle 11gR2 and R12 Installation and configuration using Oracle Universal Installer on Linux Red Hat  ? Worked with ERP financial application systems  ? Worked with other team members and application users on resolving database issues while monitoring and educating them where necessary in order to increase and facilitate workflow.  ? Registered databases on OID  ? Participated in the designing, tuning and management of database objects and also logical models.  ? Hands on experience with creating and testing database codes, adjusting storage components and resizing them as needed.  ? Running DDLs and DMLs on exadata databases.  ? Comfortable with Linux shell scripting and worked with developers and application users to run scripts, functions and packages for effective synchronization of database objects and data changes.  ? Configured Golden Gate  ? Performance Tuning of Databases, Oracle instances, and Applications which included but not limited to finding performance bottlenecks using EXPLAINPLAN, SQLTRACE, TKPROF, AWR, and ADDM.  ? Installed and Managed Physical Standby databases and Data Guard for disaster recovery  ? Used Golden gate for data extraction, transformation and delivery of data.  ? Worked with and trained offshore team members to facilitate entire project implementation on both exadata and non-exadata servers.  ? Actively monitored security issues by unlocking user accounts, granting, revoking and updating user privileges manually and also using in-house packages and procedures; making sure just the right amount of access needed is available.  ? Refreshed and restored data between databases and application servers.  ? Participated in active documentation of problems and possible solutions and shared with the team.  ? Used RMAN duplicate and Crontab for cloning and moving database between Rac and exadata servers and databases.  ? I was involved disk space management and added tablespaces where needed while following company standards.  ? Reclaimed tablespaces  ? Proactively research on team issues and proposed possible solutions  ? Reviewed DDLs - I have a solid understanding of best practices (can suggest changes to make)  ? Ran DMLs for developers on QA and prod boxes (SQL assistant)  ? I used service now for assigning, completing, closing out tasks and incident tickets  ? Troubleshoot and resolved user and database issues to ensure the data warehouse met service level requirements.  ? Used golden gate to replicate data as alternative backup for upgraded databases.  ? Provided guidance/cross-training to other team members  ? Flexible to render help when/where needed and very open to learning new technologies.    Environment: Oracle 11g/12c, Linux (RHEL), Sun Solaris, SQL, PL/SQL, UNIX/Linux, Windows, TOAD, SQL Navigator, SQL* Loader, Autosis, RMAN, Crontab, OEM 11gR2/12c, expdp/impdp, Oracle GoldenGate, Exadata, MS Sql Server,RAC    EXPERIENCE Oracle Infrastructure Eng Nationwide Insurance - Columbus, OH May 2015 to August 2017 Apps Support DBA    ? Checked, Ran and Monitored automated bash jobs for smooth running and efficiency  ? Edited Unix/Linux Shell scripts for implementation and sometimes registration of databases, created all required roles, applied all necessary patches, did all the backups and recovery necessary as well as required troubleshooting and tuning.  ? Provided daily performance reports on overnight jobs when required to.  ? Managed and tuned storage resources for effective accessibility and on-time delivery of work required on standalone, Rac and exadata databases.  ? Used TOAD, OEM and command line to run and execute manually written scripts as well as stored functions and procedures.  ? Create and Manage DB Links  ? Performed full & incremental backup (cumulative and differential) using RMAN. OEM and also implemented recovery strategies.  ? Refreshed/cloned databases using RMAN utility.  ? Applied RDBMS patches, security patches for improving the security and functionality of the databases.  ? Implemented proactive monitoring tactics using Tuning Pack, Diagnostics Pack, STATSPACK, SQL Trace & TKPROF, AWR reports and EXPLAIN PLAN.  ? Worked in a team for data Migration of databases across 11g to 12c databases  ? Hands on experience in OEM migration across 11gR2 to 12c  ? Performed database monitoring, maintenance and replication process using OEM (Oracle Enterprise Manager) and TOAD  ? Backed up and Recovered database files and full databases using RMAN and Data guard.  ? Performed refreshes, deployments and cloning using Data Pump EXPDP/IMPDP utility.  ? Resetting and changing user profiles and passwords as needed while coordinating with middleware accordingly.  ? Proficient with ServiceNow, E-Business suite, ADS, and Remedy ticketing systems  ? Supported ERP Application users and resolved performance issues.  ? Resolved and manage Incidents depending on their priority level  ? Used Golden Gate for data capture and replication  ? Applied quarterly patches and worked on multiple releases  Release Activities:  ? Provided off hours support for database activities.  ? Plan/coordinate/execute tasks with the application team to ensure all are successfully completed  ? Report completion of activities to the management team.  ? Schedule time with developers if there are questions/issues regarding release work.  ? Attend release implementation meetings.  ? Review scripts to lessen issues on execution day.  On Call Duties:  ? Used IGNITE and OEM to monitor systems.  ? Checked into poorly running queries that are affecting system performance.  ? Responded to incident requests and effectively communicated progress to the team  ? Actively monitored and responded to urgent service now requests.  ? Ensured backups are running over the weekend and escalate any issues to the system dbas.  ? Completed Emergency or Urgent RFC DDL/DML/restore activity.  ? Provided run support and production during weekend.    Environment: Oracle 11g/12c, Linux (RHEL), Sun Solaris, SQL, PL/SQL, UNIX/Linux, Windows, TOAD, SQL Navigator, SQL* Loader, Autosis,RMAN, OEM 11gR2/12c, expdp/impdp, Oracle GoldenGate 11gR2, Exadata, Microsoft Sql Server,RAC Oracle Core DBA /Production Support Database Administrator North Jersey Insurance Group - Elmwood Park, NJ January 2013 to April 2015 Experience in Oracle 11gR2 installation using Oracle Universal Installer with Windows 10.  ? Hands on experience with Oracle 10g, 11g and 12c installation and upgrades of both the databases and O.E.M Cloud Control.  ? Worked with other developers to develop, create and update new and existing Unix/Linux shell scripts for exadata databases..  ? Edited and ran unix shell and sql scripts as well as stored procedures to effect data changes.  ? Hands on experience Oracle 11gR2 and R12 Installation and configuration using Oracle Universal Installer on Linux Red Hat  ? Worked with ERP financial application systems  ? Worked with other team members and application users on resolving database issues while monitoring and educating them where necessary in order to increase and facilitate workflow  ? Performed logical backups and extensively used Golden gate for re-hosting applications  ? Performed Logical backups EXPDP/IMPDP and worked with conventional EXP/IMP for migrating data from 10G to 11g and 12c.  ? Schedule RMAN backups, purge jobs, used DBMS_JOBS, DBMS_SCHEDULER, Crontab and $UNIVERSE.  ? Performed Oracle Data Pump to export & import data, migration of regular databases to Oracle Exadata, and used Exadata to maximize performance on batch jobs and big data  ? Responsible for planning, designing and implementing a backup, restore, and recovery strategy using RMAN & Data Pump (Import/Export)  ? Hands on experience creating users, unlock accounts, grant roles and privileges to users  ? Worked with the team on Golden Gate Configuration  ? Created and configured databases and fined tuned their parameters to suit production environment needs.  ? Modified database objects using sql on the command line as well as other tuning tools like OEM and TOAD.  ? Hands on experience creating database objects such as tables, views, indexes using DDLs  ? Used Golden gate for data extraction, transformation and delivery across diverse platforms  ? Loaded data into database using DMLs, administered and set-up of 11g RAC and 10g RAC clusterware and instances for Oracle  ? Proficient at writing complex SQL queries - Performance tuning - Tune SQL statements, I/O, Memory, worked extensively on SQL Profiler, Explain Plan and Stats Pack for tuning top wait events, and high cost SQL's.  ? Hands on experience with ER Assistant creating Entity Relationship Diagrams & identifying integrity constraints  ? Experience creating database using Database Configuration Assistant DBCA  ? Troubleshoot connectivity to database on Windows 10/Linux Red Hat  ? Daily error checks/monitoring database disk space and memory  ? Utilized OEM for monitoring, job scheduling, tuning, and other routine DBA activities  ? Supported and managed Oracle applications on 11R2 and 12c Databases  Environment: Oracle 10g/11g/12c, Linux (RHEL), Sun Solaris, SQL, PL/SQL, UNIX/Linux, Windows XP, TOAD, SQL Navigator, SQL* Loader, Autosis, OEM 11gR2, RMAN, expdp/impdp, Oracle GoldenGate 11gR2, Exadata, MS Sql Server. Oracle Production Support Database Administrator Pitney Bowes - Stamford, CT August 2010 to December 2012 Installed, configured, migrated and consistently upgraded operating systems and software for Windows 10, various schema, Oracle 11.1.0.7, and Oracle 10.2.0.5 databases on AIX platforms.  ? Monitored databases and application servers using Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) 10g Grid Control.  ? Loaded data from flat files to database using SQL*Loader, External Tables.  ? Extensively used AWR, ADDM and explain plan for periodic performance tuning.  ? Implemented Data pump, conventional export/import utility of Oracle 11g, 10g for reorganizing Databases/Schemas/Tables to improve the performance.  ? Performed Database upgrade from Oracle 10g (9.2.0.7) to Oracle 10g (10.2.0.5) and to Oracle 11g (11.1.0.7) RAC database.  ? Performed full & incremental backup (cumulative and differential) using RMAN and implemented recovery strategies.  ? Refreshed/cloned databases using RMAN utility.  ? Designed and implemented the database servers for two new data centers.  ? Performance Tuning of Databases, Oracle instances, and Applications. Finding Performance bottlenecks using EXPLAINPLAN, SQLTRACE, TKPROF, AWR, and ADDM. Install and Managed Physical Standby databases and Data Guard for disaster recovery.  ? Planned, designed and implemented a backup and recovery strategy using RMAN - physical backup - and Data Pump (Import/Export) - logical backup, respectively.  ? Managed user access to the planning databases and implemented security into their resource systems.  ? Conducted frequent backups to ensure proper functioning of database, heavily utilized OEM for monitoring, job scheduling, performed tuning to the system when needed, and other routine DBA activities.  ? Created User accounts, roles and granted required access permissions and privileges to the division users.  ? Integrated Backup Status Reporting for all the databases in the company to enable the web reporting using Oracle SQL, PLSQL  ? Monitored, traced, troubleshoot and resolved performance, capacity and backup related issues inside an ERP System.  ? Developed UNIX Shell scripts to automate database operation and database monitoring  Environment: Oracle 10g/11g, Linux (RHEL), RAC, Sun Solaris, SQL, PL/SQL, UNIX (Korn Shell), Windows XP, TOAD, SQL Navigator, SQL* Loader, RMAN, expdp/impdp Education Bachelor's Skills Sql server, Oracle, Pl/sql, Sql, Aix Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  OS/Databases: Oracle, SQL Server, MC Access, Red Hat Linux RHEL 5.x, Linux Enterprise Server 9, 10, Windows 2008, XP, Solaris, AIX  Software/Application Tools: DBCA, DBUA, Recovery Manager (RMAN), Oracle Enterprise Manager, OEM, OEM Grid Control Oracle Data Guard, Oracle Management, Service (OMS), ASM, SQL, SQL*Plus, Real Application Cluster  Languages: PL/SQL, SQL, UNIX Shell Scripting, Ksh, bash, PERL Scripting  GUI Tools: TOAD, Data Pump (expdp, impdp), SQL, Navigator  Tuning Tools: SQL, TRACE, TKPROF, AWR, EXPLAIN PLAN, STATSPACK, ADDM, TOAD, Putty, NX Client, Winscp, Exadata  Web Tools: HTML, XML
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1176.html#198:::Sr IT Consultant contractor;Data migration assistant;Sql Server DBA;Oracle Database Administrator, Boston consulting;General manager;Network / Database administrator;database (5 years);MS SQL SERVER (Less than 1 year);Oracle (2 years);Sql (4 years);Sql Server (3 years);MYSQL;ETL:::Sr IT Consultant contractor Sr IT Consultant contractor Sr IT Consultant contractor - Leadiant Bioscience INC Alexandria, VA Highly dedicated individual who exhibits the highest degree of professionalism, a strong proponent of training and development, focused on improving organizational performance with strong communication skills, effective in communicating with individuals at any level and backgrounds. Talented Database administrator and Software Engineer, proficient in all phases of the software development lifecycle. 9 years of experience working as database and system administrator. Highly skilled in SQL Server and Oracle databases. Experienced in working directly with end users to satisfy their needs. Well-organized, goal-oriented, highly motivated and effective team player with excellent analytical, troubleshooting and problem-solving skills. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr IT Consultant contractor Leadiant Bioscience INC September 2016 to Present Collaborate with technical and business teams to identify and document data and application requirements  ? Install, configure, tune, and maintain application databases  ? Collaborate with platform and hardware teams to allocate resources for application database  ? Proactively monitor and maintain databases and associated services and interfaces  ? Manage database recovery operations  ? Recommend and implement database enhancements to improve efficiency, reliability, and performance  ? Develop and maintain database documentation  ? Conduct database capacity planning Data migration assistant Suntrust Bank August 2016 to October 2016 Take backup to remote server using steps provided by the documentation for the site.  ? Restore backup from remote server to the new client machines  ? Upgrade all workstations to a newer version of Microsoft windows operating system.  ? Check for system and network integrity after the upgrade and verify that client machines can communicate with the server  ? Verify network connection from all workstations inside the bank  ? Data security check, verify data encryption with a key Sql Server DBA November 2015 to June 2016 Create Tables, Views, DBs using SQL server  ? Manage disk space for SQL server 2008r2  ? Generate report using its built-in reporting features  ? Perform full backup and restore from backup.  ? Attaching a database to a server to give access for end user  ? Check the performance of the database using built in features Oracle Database Administrator, Boston consulting CPU usage, I/O throughput, and SQL queries July 2015 to September 2015 Plan and deploy permanent, temporary, and bigfile tablespaces  ? Optimize disk allocation, CPU usage, I/O throughput, and SQL queries  ? Diagnose and tune system performance using Oracle Automatic Workload Repository and SQL Tuning Sets  ? Backup and restore tables, tablespaces, and databases with Oracle Recovery Manager and Oracle Data Pump Export and Import  ? write PL/Sql queries and perform data manipulation against the database General manager B.A. wholesale Trading April 2012 to March 2015 Sell a broad range of IT products and services, using a proven structured approach while at the same time developing in-depth knowledge of the latest hardware and software technology.  ? Provide personalized service and exceptional expertise for customers  ? Ensure customers' end-to-end needs are met.  ? Ensure inventory and merchandising standards are maintained Network / Database administrator Pioneer diagnostic center & Boston consulting January 2010 to February 2012 Generate report from oracle based database using crystal reporting software  ? Installation, configuration and upgrading of Oracle DB software and related products  ? Establish and maintain sound backup and recovery procedures  ? Implement and maintain system security (create and maintain users and assign privileges)  ? Perform performance tuning on servers and client machines  ? Setup and maintain documentation and standards  ? Install and monitor different network switches, APs, CCTVs, DVR and Time track machine  ? Manage and monitor the use of disk space, memory and connections, allocate resources  ? Participate in active training sessions for current Oracle features and Oracle related products Education Bachelor's Skills database (5 years), MS SQL SERVER (Less than 1 year), Oracle (2 years), Sql (4 years), Sql Server (3 years), MYSQL, ETL Additional Information SKILLS    Technical Skill  ? Network switching, VMware technologies  ? Active Directory/DNS/Group Policy, firewalls, cloud hosting environments  ? Symantec Endpoint Protection, Fuze Backup, HP servers, Redhat 7.x, Windows 2008/2012  ? database skills: SQL Server 2017, 2012, design 2008R2, and Oracle 12c, 10g, /9i, stored procedures, triggers, functions, ETL (SSIS and SSRS)  ? Software development (SDLC): analysis, design and specification development SQL Server, SAP HANA, and Access  ? Tools GUI- SSCM, SSIS, SSDTs, SSRS, Profiler, DTA, DTC, Replication, Visual Studio, DMVs, DMFs, Extended Events,
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1177.html#199:::SCRUM MASTER;SCRUM MASTER;ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR;Database administration;Database;Oracle;Sql;Korn;Linux;Shell scripting;Jira;Scripting;Process documentation;Kanban;Bilingual;Fast learner;Teaching;Coaching;Process analysis;Strategic planning;Microsoft office;Documentation:::SCRUM MASTER SCRUM MASTER SCRUM MASTER(SSM) Charlotte, NC Team-driven and energetic certified Scrum Master, with over 3 years of experience. knowledgeable in task prioritization, Software Development life Cycle(SDLC), workflow optimization and presenting information clearly, developing high performing and Collaborative teams with the ability to use agile/scrum practices to remain poised and efficient, while bridging the gap between business and technology. Work Experience SCRUM MASTER CHANDO GLOBAL GROUP, LLC September 2017 to May 2019 • Facilitated a well-disciplined, self-organized and effective Scrum Team which embraced and exhibited the Agile practices  • Ensured that team goals and project scope are understood by everyone on the Scrum Team.  • Optimized team deliverables by Managing and removed all impediments.  • Organized and facilitated agile ceremonies like daily scrum meeting, sprint planning, sprint review and sprint retrospective meetings for multiple projects.  • Promoted continuous improvement by initiating transparency, adaptation and inspection which greatly helped the team to improve productivity and foster innovation  • Coach the team through norming and forming phases by establishing a team charter and team roles.  • Worked with product owners and stakeholders to prioritize feature developments and enhancements based on critical paths and business needs.  • Facilitated program and team refinement session new features and strategies as well as user stories, DoD, DoR and criteria for acceptance.  • Assessed and monitored team metrics to track the progress of work and drive improvements and innovate new approaches.  • Provide changes in the team by leading by example and ensuring all agile practices are implemented  • Defined workflows and processes in fast-paced, Agile and distributed models using tools such as whiteboarding, mind mapping and other methods.  • Delivered multiple software projects on time.  • Motivated team members by acknowledging their efforts, valuing their inputs and creating opportunity of team bonding events.  • Facilitated two collocated teams on their program goals. SCRUM MASTER FIRST GULF BANK - ABUDHABI, AE February 2016 to July 2017 UNITED ARAB EMIRATES  • Coach teams as they grow into agile while undergoing a transformation.  • Work with teams to stay focused on value delivery and not the process so they stay aligned.  • Collaborate with program directors and product owners to break down epics to granular vertical slices that do not span iterations.  • Work with teams to prepare for and plan informatively during PI Planning, with focus on dependencies and impediments.  • Track risks on GRID-ROAM board for visibility and proper handling of blocker at the level of management.  • Reported and supported RTE at the Scrum of Scrums to sink Risk and Impediments  • Use JIRA for creation and structuring of projects. Use Confluence to pull key matrixes for easy reporting and progress tracking purposes.  • Used Media platforms like WebEx, Skype, Teams for collaboration efforts with collocated and distributed teams.  • Motivate teams to adapt agile process to meet their goals through creative thinking inspired by open ended questions.  • Work with teams to assess progress, room for improvement and celebrate every stride in their agile transformation journey  • Monitored iteration objectives, and critical dates to identify potential impediments that could  jeopardize project schedules and identified ways to resolve schedule issues ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR FIRST GULF BANK - ABUDHABI, AE March 2013 to July 2015 UNITED ARAB EMIRATES  • Provided effective demonstrations of alarm systems so that customers understood how to use each feature  • Supported twelve (12) 11.2.0.4 Dev/Test/QA single instance and three (3) production 12.1.0.2 two-node RAC databases running on Red Hat Linux platforms. The production databases ranged in size from 0.9 TB - 5.1 TB and were all part of a physical standby active (read only) data guard configuration with asynchronous replication  • Heavily utilized OEM for monitoring, job scheduling, performance tuning, and other routine DBA activities  • Leverage Oracle Data Pump Export/Import extensively to migrate objects/schemas between environments  • Refreshed/Cloned lower environments from RMAN Production backups using RMAN DUPLICATE and sometimes RMAN ACTIVE DUPLICATE  • Utilized SQL*Loader to load data in flat files from DB2 into Oracle  • Monitored, traced, troubleshoot and resolved performance, capacity and backup issues using OEM and AWR/ADDM/ASH reports  • Participated in on-call DBA rotation and built a solid track record for responding to and resolving issues in a timely & complete manner  • Led the 12c POC effort and upgraded/migrated a host of Dev/Test/QA databases from 11.2.0.4 to 12.1.0.2  • Heavily utilized FLASHBACK technology to flashback DEV, SIT and QA databases to existing restore points post Mock testing Education Change Management and Risk Management It Training Institute - Dubai, AE 2014 Bachelor of Arts in Banking and Finance University of Bamenda 2013 Diploma in computer data processing It Training Institute - Dubai, AE 2013 Skills Database administration, Database, Oracle, Sql, Korn, Linux, Shell scripting, Jira, Scripting, Process documentation, Kanban, Bilingual, Fast learner, Teaching, Coaching, Process analysis, Strategic planning, Microsoft office, Documentation Certifications/Licenses SAFe Scrum Master (SSM) 2019 CSM 2016 Additional Information Skills  • Agile methodology expert  • Proficient in Scrum, Kanban and SAFe  • Waterfall method project management method  • Oracle Database Administration  • Proficient in Jira /confluence and rally  • Linux and windows Operating system  • Proficient in SQL, Shell scripting (Korn & bash shell)  • Proficient in Microsoft office tools  • Process documentation    • Teaching and coaching ability  • Great servant leader  • Great conflict facilitator  • Creative and fast learner  • Excellent communication skill  • Collaborative and Adaptive  • Strategic planning and process analysis  • Prioritization, organised and multi-tasking  • Perfectly bilingual in French and English
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1178.html#200:::Business Intelligence Developer;Database Analyst;Jr. SQL Server Database Administrator/Engineer:::Business Intelligence Developer Business Intelligence Developer Business Intelligence Developer - OldCastle Materials Incorporated Atlanta, GA SQL Server Developer with database administration skills as well as Business Intelligence Developer experience using SQL Server Management Studio and Microsoft Business Intelligence Development Studio.    Database Management Systems:  Microsoft SQL Server 2005+    Software and Programming:  MS SQL Server 2005+ Integration Services (SSIS), MS SQL Server 2005+ Reporting Services (SSRS), Windows OS (95+), Windows Server 2003/2008, T-SQL(MS-SQL), XML, SQL, PL/SQL, Java, Windows DOS prompt, PUTTY, Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, etc)    Tools:  SQL Server Management Studio  Business Intelligence Development Studio/SQL Server Data Tools/Microsoft Visual Studio, SQL Developer Work Experience Business Intelligence Developer OldCastle Materials Incorporated May 2017 to Present • Created an ETL solution that reads Product, Vendor, and Order data from .CSV files on a network share into a SQL Server database. The solution also validated incoming data and performed notifications when jobs complete. The order data thus loaded into SQL Server was used to generate reports using the new SSRS 2008 reporting functionality (including the Tablix control). The reports were set up for automatic delivery based on standard report subscriptions. Design and develop enterprise and departmental business intelligence, data warehousing and reporting solutions.    • Function as part of On-Call team to monitor cycle    • As part of a team, created various reports according to the business requirements. Individually authored, installed, deployed and managed reports using SSRS for a library database.    • As part of a team, analyzed the business requirements and systematically designed a database. Employed best practices in creating a complete schema including tables, relationships, stored procedures, views, clustered and non-clustered indexes and triggers, and implemented the import and export of data using XML and SSIS.    • Created numerous simple to complex queries involving self joins, correlated subqueries, CTE's and XML techniques for diverse business requirements. Tuned and optimized queries by altering database design, analyzing different query options, and indexing strategies. Database Analyst AAA Parking/Selig Enterprises 2016 to 2019 • Initiated day to day operational support for the corporate database to maximize its use for business activities.  • Supported data testing and cleansing activities.  • Produced, maintained and updated Access and SQL Server database information to create monthly dashboard reports for external clients and managers. Such reports highlights revenue and expenses information in easy to view layout. Data is organized in for month, month of previous year, and year-to-date.  • Extracted expense data from SAP client to create multiple versions of expense reports.  • Researched and evaluated new techniques, methods and procedures.  • Troubleshoot and resolved issues with internal end-users who require access to data. Jr. SQL Server Database Administrator/Engineer Voya 2013 to 2016 • Created, maintained, and implemented relational databases for testing and production.  • Assisted in solving database access and permission problems.  • Participated with engineers in providing backup and recovery for databases and other server products.  • Participated in creating, maintaining, and disseminating technical policies and standards.  • Regularly communicated with other IT staff.  • Prepared weekly status report.  • Prepared and uploaded SSRS reports. Manages database and SSRS permissions.  • Promoted and built effective working relationships with business and IT partners, support staff and vendors.  • Prepared implementation documentation for task being applied to production servers. Education Master of Science in Information Technology Kennesaw State University - Marietta, GA 2016 Bachelor of Business Administration in Risk Management in Risk Management/Information Systems Georgia State University - Atlanta, GA 2006
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1179.html#201:::Sr. SQL Server DBA;DBA;Database Administrator;DATA MIGRATION;DATABASE;SQL SERVER;SQL SERVER 2008;REPLICATION;DBA;ETL;Sql Dba:::Sr. SQL Server DBA Sr. SQL Server DBA Sr. SQL Server DBA - The Tech-Edge Group Atlanta, GA SQL Server Administrator with more than 7 years experiences in Database Administration, System Analysis, Implementing, maintaining SQL Server Solutions, Design and support of MS SQL Server 2005, 2008, 2008R2, 2012, 2014, 2016 in production, Test, Development, Replication and Cluster Environment. A detail-oriented, reliable, responsible and self-motivated individual, seeking for more challenging career goals. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. SQL Server DBA The Tech-Edge Group May 2016 to Present Responsibilities  ? Managing High Availability Disaster Recovery (HADR) solution; Failover Cluster and AlwaysOn Availability Groups, Log Shipping, Replication, and Mirroring.  ? Patching SQL Server 2005, 2008, 2008R2, 2012, 2014, and 2016.  ? Managing assigned project in accordance with the Service Level Agreement (SLA) and Statement of Work (SOW) to ensure related cost and expenses are kept on track with the project schedule  ? Decommissioning of databases that are no longer needed by clients and changing passwords in Linked servers.  ? Performing database creation, database administration tasks such as table creation, inserting, updating, and deleting databases by using T-SQL, creating cluster and non-cluster indexes, setting up user roles and backup and recovery for various client.  ? Create Solution Architecture based upon Microsoft Azure PaaS Services.  ? Designed SSIS Packages to extract, transfer, load (ETL) existing data into SQL Server from different environments for the SSAS cubes.  ? Configured and managed high availability using AlwaysOn High Availability  ? Making processes standardized within clients data operations department including creating documentations for installations, migrations, upgrades, backups, restores, performance tuning and index maintenance  ? Evaluate current infrastructures, propose and implement revisions to improve monitoring strategies for the entire database enterprise.  ? Experience with SQL 2012 AlwaysOn High Availability (HA) and Disaster Recovery (DR) options.  ? Configuring new clusters to handle mission-critical events such as disaster recovery and provide high availability strategies to reduce downtime in the event of any failure.  ? Maintaining all environments (prod, test, training and dev) and proactively monitoring the entire instances and databases for any abnormalities.  ? Use SQL profiler for troubleshooting issues and carrying out root cause analysis on SQL Server database, finding lasting solutions to those problems and documenting findings.  ? Configure and install Windows servers 2016, 2012, 2008 and SQL server 2016, 2014, 2012 and 2008 clusters  ? Participate in on-call rotation with the team while monitoring and troubleshooting 24x7 operations.  ? Mentor less experienced team mates on SQL technology such as RDBMSs, products, utilities, protocols, and techniques.  ? Installation, configuration, maintenance and optimization of SQL server High Availability Disaster Recovery (HADR) solutions.  ? Provide SQL Server database physical model creation and implementation (data type, indexing, and table design).  ? Deploying SQL server 2008, 2008R2, 2012, 2014, and 2016 cluster solutions.  ? Managing SQL Server Database Security environments using Profiles, database Privileges and Roles.  ? Proficient in SQL Server 2008, 2008R2, 2012, 2014, and 2016 database cloning.  ? Participating in SQL Server database systems design and operations.  ? Participating in software upgrades, revisions, patches, and fixes mandated by the vendor.  ? Assisting in the resolution of complex problems in support of production; including on call support.  ? Ensuring that the detailed physical design of database and data structures comply with data policies, standards, principles, and meets the established level of service agreements/goals for the system.  ? Maintaining solid technical skills in RDBMSs, products, utilities, protocols, and techniques.  ? Managing and monitoring SLAs for uptime and performance of SQL Server databases.  ? Demonstrating experience in working on root cause analysis for SQL Server database issues.  ? Flexible, adaptable, and able to managing multiple tasks in a dynamic environment.  ? Proactively monitoring the database systems to ensure secure services with minimum downtime.  ? Proactively monitoring and troubleshooting.  ? Expert working in Virtual Environment using VMWARE for SQL Server.  ? Performing storage maintenance and migration tasks. DBA Get Fabulous Inc December 2012 to February 2016 MS SQL Server)  Responsibilities:  ? Experience with SQL 2012 Always On High Availability (HA) and Disaster Recovery (DR) options  ? Lead efforts of DBA team in stopping spiral of production environment and stabilize the database environment; leading to business continuity.  ? Expertise in Always-On Availability Groups (AAG) and HA/DR Setup and Configuration.  ? Revised and improved current monitoring strategies for the entire database enterprise (Introduced and setup Solarwinds and Sentry One).  ? Standardized processes for the Infrastructure Database team by creating documentations for installations, migrations, upgrades, backups, restores, index maintenance, etc.  ? Lead the efforts of the database team in improving CPU consumption for all critical production database servers by tuning queries, databases, instances, etc. Thereby reducing the CPU workload from a steady 90% to 10%.  ? Mentored less experienced team mates on internal IT policy changes and the technology in general.  ? Revised current HADR strategies and improving them, thereby reducing downtime in the event of any failure.  ? Proficient in performance of SQL Server software new installation and upgrades.  ? Database configuration solutions including installation, configuration, upgrades, capacity planning, performance tuning, backup and recovery in managing clusters of SQL servers.  ? Maintained all environments (prod, test, training and dev). Created and Managed OLAP Cubes using SSAS  ? Troubleshooting issues and carrying out root cause analysis on the issues as well as finding lasting solutions to those problems and documenting findings.  ? Performed frequent health checks for all backups and productions (mission-critical) databases.  ? Created and analyzed daily reports for mission-critical databases.  ? Established escalation policies for the database team.  ? Setting up and managed replication, mirroring, AlwaysOn Availability Group and log shipping.  ? Ensured that all configurations are properly implemented and working based on the company needs (Resource Governor, Policy based management, CMS, etc.).  ? Lead performance tuning and monitored efforts across the enterprise for mission critical applications.    BOSS Dave Engineering Database Administrator January 2012 to January 2013 Responsibilities  ? Installed SQL Server 2008, 2008R2, 2012, 2014, on Windows NT, Server 2003, 2008, 2008r2, 2012R2.  ? Managed datacenter with over 120TB of data and set up various measures to manage the said data including; partitioning, transactional replication, log shipping, mirroring and clustering.  ? Upgraded client RDBMS to SQL server 2008, 2012 and 2012R2.  ? Configured and installed Windows server 2005 and 2008 SQL server 2008, 2012 and 2012R2 clusters.  ? Set up HADR for SQL server 2008 2012 and 2012R2 databases.  ? Used SQL Profiler for troubleshooting, monitoring, optimization of SQL Server and SQL code.  ? Performed various data migration tasks for mission critical databases.  ? Enhanced security control by creating user defined server roles in SQL server 2008 and 2008R2 for clients.  ? Ensured availability of instance and databases via clustering and mirroring.  ? Configuring Active Directory and proper disk configuration.  ? Utilized the "Partially contained database" feature of SQL server 2008 to ease migration and database refreshes for clients.  ? Set up policies to guide database usage in SQL server 2008 2012.  ? Performed DBA duties including: database backups, restores, performance tuning, and capacity analysis  ? Managed the products and development databases including performance tuning, capacity planning, SQL Server clustering, database security configuration, and database continuity  ? Designed, implemented and upgraded SQL Server 2005, 2008, 2012 databases for critical business mission.  ? Developed and optimized stored procedures, triggers, and SSIS packages  ? Troubleshoot databases and custom application issues.  ? Designed the backups and recovery strategies for SQL Server databases to meet our customer SLA requirements.  ? Managed entire project assigned in accordance with the Service Level Agreement (SLA) and Statement of Work (SOW) to ensure all departmental related cost and expenses are kept on track with the project schedule.  ? Managed the entire database environment visibility and accountable for every database decision made to upper level management.  ? Worked with end users to define, implement, and maintain their reporting requirements. Education University of North Georgia - Gainesville, GA Skills DATA MIGRATION, DATABASE, SQL SERVER, SQL SERVER 2008, REPLICATION, DBA, ETL, Sql Dba Additional Information AREAS OF STRENGTH:    Data Migration Disaster Recovery Performance Tuning  Backup and Recovery Database Security High Availability Solutions  Database Upgrades patches Reporting Services Integration Services  VMWare Always ON Mirroring Replication Log Shipping Data Export & Import  T-SQL Stored Procedure    Operating Systems Linux, Unix Windows 10, 7, XP, 2000/2003/2008/Vista/7  Database SQL Server 2008, 2012, 2016, RDBMS  Programming Languages SQL, TSQL, Linux, Unix, Shell Scripting  Office Tools Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Project)  Other Tools SSIS, SSRS, Teradata, Azure, AWS, VMware
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\118.html#202:::Database Administrator;Database Administrator;IT Support Specialist:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator - Cybernet LLC & Caspian Development Bank Baku An experienced IT engineer with Oracle Database, Application Server (Apache Tomcat) and  Content Server skills. Having the ability to take the technical lead in projects and supporting  technical implementation whilst working on multiple products. Currently working in a  demanding production project support environment managing large volumes of business critical  data. A committed team player, self motivated with the ability to communicate at all levels. Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience Database Administrator Cybernet LLC & Caspian Development Bank January 2016 to Present Duties:  Installing, configuring and Maintaning Rac, Standby and Single databases  (development and production)  Implement backup solution for Database (logic and image copy)  Maintenance application server (jboss) Database Administrator Sinam LLC July 2012 to January 2016 Duties:  Installing, configuring and maintaining database for development and production  Database design and implementation  Implement backup solution of the Oracle Database  Migration other database to Oracle Database (such as MS SQL)  Implement Oracle Failover Technology (Standby)  Database security (create and maintain users, roles and assign privileges)  Deploy and configure Apache Tomcat  Documentum Administration  Installing Emc Documentum Content Server, Configure and maintain  Installing EMC Documentum xPlore server, configuration IT Support Specialist Komtec LLC October 2011 to July 2012 Duties:  Support software (OS and etc.) and hardware  Technical Troubleshooting  Hardware configuration  Network Connectivity (LAN/WAN, TCP/IP)    Project and Position:  1. Automatic Workflow Information System - Electronic Document  management - Azerbaijan Republic ministry of High Technology - Database  Administrator and Application Server Administrator  2. Automatic Workflow Information System - Electronic Document  management, Electronic Archive System- Azerbaijan republic Nation Archive  Department - Database Administrator and Application Server Administrator  3. Automatic Workflow Information System - Electronic Document  management - Azerbaijan Republic Special State Protection Service -  Database Administrator and Application Server Administrator  4. Automatic Workflow Information System - Electronic Document  management - Central bank of Azerbaijan Republic - Database  Administrator and Application Server Administrator Education MBA Azerbaijan State Economic University 2010 to 2013 bachelor Azerbaijan State Economic University 2006 to 2010 Additional Information DBA Skills  • Oracle Database 10g 11g 12c Administration (installation, configuration, upgrade and  migration)  • Provide IT support for the review, analysis, troubleshoot and repair of database issues  • Backup & Recovery (RMAN)  • Disaster Recovery (Physical and Logical Standby Server for Failover)  • Performance Tuning (AWR, Snapshot and etc.)  • SQL  • Datapump  • OEM    OS Skills  • Linux/Unix(RHEL, OEL, Aix), Windows  • Shell scripting(for database job)    Application Skills  • * Apache Tomcat Administration (Application Server)  • * EMC Documentum Content Server (Content Management Server)  • * EMC Documentum xPlore Server (Index Agent and DsearcAdmin)
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1180.html#203:::Applications Database Administrator;IT Consultant;Database Administrator I;Counter Intelligence Agent;Informix (4 years);Database Management (4 years);Database Administration (4 years);Database Development (4 years);Customer Service (8 years);Information Technology (8 years);PostgresSQL (2 years);Documentation (4 years);Windows (10+ years);Mac OS X (8 years);Sales (4 years):::Applications Database Administrator Applications <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> IT Jack of all trades - If I don't know it I learn it Avilla, IN To obtain a position in a progressive organization which provides opportunities for personal growth and development. Work Experience Applications Database Administrator Hewlett Packard Enterprise - Dallas, TX April 2016 to Present Maintain and administrate numerous Informix instances generally containing production and development databases in the same instance  Work with a third party help desk to troubleshoot and correct database issues  Work with System Administrators to ensure storage and replication needs are consistently met  Re-work SQL queries for efficiency and performance  Upgrade Informix servers to newer versions IT Consultant Custom Maintenance Solutions - Fort Wayne, IN December 2015 to Present Set up and manage a small office of PCs and peripherals  Work with vendors to manage phone and network capabilities  Work with staff to ensure things working as expected and troubleshoot as well as teach new ways to do day to day things  Manage mail and hosting through a third party service  Currently designing website and will be migrating to Office365 Database Administrator I Transworks - Fort Wayne, IN February 2012 to Present Maintain and administrate 42 Informix instances containing 1-5 databases each  Maintain and administrate 6 Postgresql databases with multiple schemas within each  Current projects  Upgrading databases to UTF-8 compliance  Configuring and implementing Informix Connection Manager to provide redundancy and minimize downtime  Learning Golang to use for database management and monitoring  Create more efficient method for schema management and release  Work with developers to create efficient schema structures  Upgraded all Informix instances to a much more recent version from 11.50 12.10   Migrated all Informix instances to a new datacenter using replication methods  Implement new form of replication to maintain a third copy of our production Informix instances  Was also used to migrate databases to a new datacenter  Maintain multiple forms of replication for high availability and DR  Worked with my team to develop our strategy for our Informix DR  Assisted new in new PC rollout to a remote office  Attended the International Informix User Group conference in 2013 and 2014  Attended IBM training on Advanced Informix Administration  Work with IBM to work through Informix bugs or issues we have with Informix  Assist in administration of a Nortel PBX  Assist in administration of a hosted VOIP system  Member of our Database Committee to ensure our schema changes make sense and follow best practices Counter Intelligence Agent Best Buy - Fort Wayne, IN September 2008 to November 2012 Worked independently and as a team to diagnose and repair computers and consumer electronics  ? Established and maintained a system of protection for customer data privacy  ? Worked with management and leadership to develop and improve procedures to increase customer satisfaction  ? Worked with customers to find a complete solution for their computing and home theatre needs  ? Partnered with store leadership to create a more efficient operating model  ? Trained other co-workers around creating an informed customer  ? Assisted in training new hires  ? Increased department productivity by assigning employee job duties based on an individual's strengths and weaknesses Education B.A. in Computer Networking Indiana Tech 2006 to 2011 Skills Informix (4 years), Database Management (4 years), Database Administration (4 years), Database Development (4 years), Customer Service (8 years), Information Technology (8 years), PostgresSQL (2 years), Documentation (4 years), Windows (10+ years), Mac OS X (8 years), Sales (4 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/nate-hicks-62b76523 Certifications/Licenses A+ Certified March 2005 to Present Groups Informix International User Group February 2012 to Present Additional Information Skills  ? Strong written and oral communication  ? Highly motivated team player  ? Diverse background in computer technologies  ? Exceptional troubleshooting skills  ? Ability to adapt
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1181.html#204:::Scrum Master;Scrum Master;Scrum Master;Database Administrator;Scrum;Agile Scrum;Jira;Scrum Master:::Scrum Master Scrum Master Scrum Master - Veeam Software Columbus, OH Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Scrum Master Veeam Software - Columbus, OH April 2017 to June 2019 Responsibilities:  • Facilitated Backlog Grooming, Scrum Planning, Daily Scrum, Sprint Review and Retrospective meetings.  • Participated in Scrum of Scrum to provide updates on progress, impediments and collaboration with other teams.  • Facilitated two teams consisting of 9 members with focus on aligning the teams go agile while empowering teams to self-organize and grow cross-functionally.  • Helped the Product Owners to come up with set of stories for better understanding for estimate and development.  • Tracked team's velocity to analyze productivity trend.  • Established effective communication for the department with consistency across development and business management with presentations, recommendations and updates provided regularly to the agile manager.  • Created and maintained Artifacts and Information Radiators such as Sprint Burn-down, and Release Burndown.  • Collaborated with team members to identify problems, impediments, dependencies, and other team dysfunctions, and then facilitate quick resolution.  • Motivated the team to come up with quality shippable product and meet the product goals.  • Tracked and report status and other metrics against goals on an ongoing basis Scrum Master National Children Center - Washington, DC January 2015 to November 2017 Responsibilities:  • Coaches and mentors agile team members and provides constructive performance feedback  • Organize and facilitate Backlog Grooming, Sprint Planning, Daily Scrum, Sprint Review and Retrospective.  • Focused on developing more trusted and collaborative team environment where problems can be raised without fear of blame or being judged with a complete focus on problem resolution  • Facilitate Scrum of Scrum for offshore Scrum teams in US states and India.  • Communicated and presented weekly updates to stakeholders and program managers  • Protected team from internal and external distractions.  • Partnered with the Product Owner, especially with respect to grooming and maintaining the product backlog.  • Engaging with other Scrum Masters to increase the effectiveness of the of Scrum framework in the organization Scrum Master BMC - Tampa, FL April 2014 to November 2014 Responsibilities:  • Organized and facilitated Agile and Scrum meetings, which included Sprint Planning, Stand-ups (SUM), Sprint Check-In, Sprint Review and Retrospective and Sprint report generation.  • Assisted teams with Impediments and Roadblocks removal, Risks and Backlog grooming.  • Tracking Performance Indicators/Metrics and addressing any issues as they arise. These metrics include Velocity, Burndown charts, Release progress, etc.  • Responsible for identifying and communicating project risks to the project team, leaders, stakeholders, and proactively anticipating issues/risks that may compromise project goals.  Assisted Scrum teams with User Stories generation and managing their progress Database Administrator Target - Silver Spring, MD January 2012 to February 2014 Responsivities  • Administer SQL Server databases, SQL Server Service Broker, SQL Server Integration Services, SQL Server Analysis Services, and SQL Server Reporting Services  • Manage SQL Server databases through multiple product lifecycle environments, from development to mission-critical production systems  • Configure and maintain database servers and processes, including monitoring of system health and performance, to ensure high levels of performance, availability, and security  • Assist developers with complex query tuning and schema refinement  • Perform scheduled maintenance and support release deployment activities after hours.  • Partner with the Sr. Database Administrator in support of production database services to ensure the highest standards of availability, resilience, integrity, security and performance required by our business systems    Tools Used: Jira, VersionOne, Rally, ServiceNow, SSMS, HP Quality Center, QTP, TFS, MS Visio, Vcenter server, SCVMM, MS Word, Excel, Salesforce, WebEx, Microsoft Teams, Team Viewer, Skype for business, Education Bachelor's Skills Scrum, Agile Scrum, Jira, Scrum Master Certifications/Licenses CSM
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1182.html#205:::Sr. Oracle DBA;Sr. Oracle DBA;Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle DBA;Oracle DBA;LINUX (8 years);OEM (8 years);ORACLE (8 years);RMAN (8 years);SQL (8 years):::Sr. Oracle DBA Sr. Oracle DBA Sr. Oracle DBA - Cardinal Health Dublin, OH Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Oracle DBA Cardinal Health - Dublin, OH March 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  • Installation and Configurations of Oracle 12c, 11g, 10g.  • Installed Oracle 12c, 11g RAC, 10g RAC, Standby Databases for high availability and disaster recovery/reporting purpose.  • Installation, configuration, maintenance and tuning of Oracle 11g and 10g databases.  • Upgraded Oracle Database from 9i to 10g, 10g to 11g (APEX module)  • Applied CPU patches  • Developed, tested, debugged and documented Oracle PL/SQL packages and types in accordance with company policies, company standards and industry best practices.  • Developed PL/SQL triggers and master tables for automatic creation of primary keys.  • Created and maintained PL/SQL scripts and stored procedures.  • Migration of the database from Sun Solaris to IBM AIX, Windows to Linux.  • Expertise in recovering the database. Performed complete and incomplete database recovery.  • Experience in SQL performance tuning using Cost-Based Optimization (CBO)  • Extensively involved in using hints to direct the optimizer to choose an optimum query execution plan  • Configured and maintained Grid Control Repository and Deployed OMS Agents on different database servers.  • Supported customers with online billing and account issues.  • Maintained composure and patience in face of difficult customer situations  • Performed Schema as well as Table Level Replication using Oracle Golden Gate.  • Automated the nightly RMAN backups  • Writing and modifying UNIX shell scripts, Perl scripts to manage Oracle environments and for Backend Oracle Processes.  • PL/SQL Programming.  • Developed PL/SQL scripts for Extraction, Transporting & Transforming (ETL) data from Production databases to Data Warehouse Databases.  • Using the 12c Grid control, OEM for the database tasks like adding the data file, resizing the data file, code compilation, User/Role creation and maintenance etc.  • Experience in taking backups with RMAN in both Catalog/ No catalog modes.  • SQL tuning and Database performance tuning has been done based on reports generated by SQLTrace, TKPROF, STATSPACK, Explain Plan, AWR, ADDM and monitor the database performance on daily basis.  • Involved in implementing all components of the application including database tables, middleware designing, server-side Java Programming and client side web programming.  • Used PL/SQL extensively to generate Stored Procedures and Functions to use with JAVA  • Attended training sessions on Mongo db, Oracle 12c.  • Worked on Oracle security suite and identified and removed 16 risks from database.  • Worked on Amazon Web Services (AWS)  • Installed and configured Golden Gate in a prod and non-prod env, configured extract, data pump and replicate.  • Planning Backup/Recovery Strategy, Planning and scheduling Backups, taking Logical Backups (with Export/Import Data pump utilities)  • RMAN Incremental backups  • Logical and Physical Database Design  • Partitioning of the tables for better performance and manageability  • Creating & Managing Database Structures, Storage Allocations, Table/Index segments, Rollback segments, Constraints, Database Access, Roles and Privileges.  • Performance tuning of Queries by maintaining Aggregates, Compression, partition, indexing and use of Hints, Stored outlines, Statistics for the same.  • Performed policies on data confidentiality, integrity, availability, and auditability, Based on Access Controls for Access to Data at the database level.  • Performed SQL and PL/SQL tuning, Oracle contention and monitored production database using automatic workload repository (AWR), automatic database diagnostic monitor (ADDM) and automatic session history.  • Provided production support for all DB2 mission critical databases and applications on 24X7 basis  • Performed data modeling and implemented database design to support the project planning process  • Experience in PostgreSQL  • Cloning databases using scripts as well as RMAN.  • Experienced in Database Security User Management, Privileges, Roles, Auditing, Profiling, Authentication.  • Worked closely with the Oracle developers for the better performance in Applications in writing the Packages, Triggers, Mat Views and Indexes on the tables.  • Experienced in documentation, provided documentation for database design, analysis, modifications, creating schemas etc.  • Enabled the audit on all the dev/test databases, analyzed and reported the audit records about the suspicious activity in the database.  • Created a new debt recovery infrastructure with Oracle Exalogic. Elastic Cloud and Oracle Exadata Database Machine that will help us gain greater business agility, enhance forecasting, reduce the down time of our debt collection process, improve recovery rates and reduce costs  • Strong Knowledge on writing Sql/DBA queries  • Supported Oracle E-Business suite applications  • Participated Upgrade and Post Production Support of Oracle EBS in various applications like Banking, Billing, Payment.  • Performed db. migrations form DB2 to Oracle11g.  • Table partitioning for better performance.  • Oracle Application Server Administration (WebLogic)  • Worked on Exadata environment  • Have good knowledge on Google Mapping ability to tie in graphical reports  • Knows Web logic environment and maintained database for web logic design projects  • Knowledge on Sybase working on the comprehensive set of database management software technologies  • Golden Gate installation and configuration.  • Replication using Golden Gate. (schema level),  • Performed all aspects of database administration including installs, upgrades, object sizing, object creation, backup/recovery, patches, monitoring, export/imports and SQL loader.  • Perform on Sybase IQ Database Design  Environment:Oracle12c, Oracle 11g RAC, Oracle 10g RAC, Mongo dB, RedHat Linux, IBM AIX, Sun Solaris, HP-UX, Golden Gate Windows, Shell Scripts, ASM, RMAN, OEM/Grid Control, TOAD, SQL Developer, SQL Loader, ERWIN, Data Pump Sr. Oracle DBA United Services Automobile Association - Plano, TX January 2016 to February 2017 Responsibilities:  • On-call production support DBA responsible for managing 250+ databases including prod, UAT and dev environment.  • Worked in infrastructure team and performed fresh installations of oracle 12c GRID infrastructure and configured DR databases using dataguard in maximum performance mode.  • Performed administrative maintenance, monitoring on Oracle database systems in a global 24x7 operational environment.  • Administered Exadata Database Machine including installing Cluster ware and RAC database, Backup, and recovery, grid disk management, performance tuning.  • Installed, configured and maintained Oracle 12C Real Application Cluster (RAC) 3 node.  • Migrated Standalone databases to 3 Node RAC 12c clusters and Supported Applications.  • Performed health checks of Real Application Cluster(RAC) instances using CRSCTL and SRVCTL utility and troubleshooting RAC using clusterware logs.  • Converted single Instance Databases to RAC databases manually and expertise in troubleshooting RAC issues, very strong in using ocrconfig to backup OCR and voting files.  • Performed SAN migration with minimal down time, creating disk groups with different redundancy levels, creating ACFS on ASM using asmca.  • Maintaining ASM in RAC environment and Monitoring Health checks OCR, voting files and Interconnect for better performance and troubleshooting issues in RAC environment (11GR2 and 12c).  • Installed STANDALONE servers on ASM, Red hat LINUX and Installation and maintenance of Oracle 11g, 12c Data Guard.  • Configure and build Golden Gate Extracts/replicats for multiple databases following best practices.  • Configure and build heartbeat monitoring in Golden Gate.  • Configure error handling for restart, skipping transactions, handling collisions, logging, production support and status reporting in GG.  • Successfully migrated data to new location using Snapshot Replication and implemented Merge Replication to support up to date record of Inventory Information.  • Configured Transactional replication between Primary Server and three Read-Only servers, with separate Distributor server and troubleshooting replication problems.  • Experience in implementing different types of Replication Models like Snapshot and Transactional and Merge Replication.  • Migrated databases using GoldenGate involved in implementing Brand New setup replication and migrated databases using GoldenGate.  • Replicated tables to Different Instances for load balancing and configured GoldenGate to support application 24x7 environment.  • Handy in implementing CDR parameters in GoldenGate, Implemented Bi-directional replication using GoldenGate.  • Setup physical standby's (Dataguard) for several Databases and configured Data guard broker between the primary and standby databases.  • Perform Switchover/Failover and monitor the Data guard status via command line.  • Configured Physical Standby databases using data guard and converted Physical standby to Snapshot Standby and active data-guard depend on Business Requirement.  • Used Dataguard broker to monitor Dataguard status periodically and Maintained DR server and troubleshooting issues in Data Guard environment.  • Configured Active Dataguard 11g & 12c and worked on snapshot standby databases.  • Backup and recovery using RMAN and Worked on Production databases.  • Upgrade Oracle databases from 10g/11g to 12c non-container/container and applied PSU's when required.  • Upgraded RAC Cluster from 11.2.0.3 to 11.2.0.4 and Applied Patches.  • Analyzing and troubleshooting both critical and non-critical situations.  • Refreshed development and test databases with production data.  • Worked with oracle patching (Rolling/ Non- Rolling).  • Applied patch set, PSU Patches and interim patches whenever required to make the database software up to date.  • Managed testing, created backups by Exporting and Importing tables when needed.  • Established performance tuning best practices used by the DBA and Development teams.  • Supported development teams by providing SQL statement Tuning and removing load and query performance bottlenecks by using tools EXPLAIN PLAN, and TKPROF.  • Attended Developer's code review meetings and made recommendations to improve Efficiencies and Kept team members and management updated on major issues so they have a clear picture of situation.  • Worked extensively on Performance tuning of Queries by maintaining Aggregates, Compression, partition, indexing and use of Statistics.  • Providing the Technical support to Application Support team for performance and database related issues.  • Provided appropriate security for users of databases, applications, servers, and systems, by setting and managing accounts, keeping sensitive data secure.  • UNIX shell scripting as and when required based on the requirement.  • Creation of new scripts to automate the procedures to generate statistics on database space management for proactive monitoring.  • Evaluate all Performance tuning tools used by the team including Toad, Sql Developer, and OEM 11g/12c.  • Worked with Oracle Support on more complex and unresolved issues.  Environment: Oracle 12c/11gR2/10g, Red Hat Linux, UNIX, AIX, OEM Grid Control, RAC, ASM, GoldenGate, ODI/OBIEE 11g, ODI 11g/12C intermediate level, ODI 12C, OID 11g to 12c, ERP, EBS R12.1.3 with RAC 11gR2 (11.2.0.3), Data Guard, Exadata, OPatch, Stats Pack, TKPROF, and SQL*Trace, AWR, ADDM, ASH, SQL*Loader, ASCP, Stats Pack, SQL*Trace, Explain Plan, SQL tuning advisor, SQL access advisor, SQL planned management, UNIX Shell scripting, export/import. Oracle Database Administrator Emergency Care Research Institute - Plymouth Meeting, PA July 2014 to November 2015 Responsibilities:  • Experience in Migrating NON-ASM databases to ASM and maintained RAC databases on Exadata.  • Extensive experience in RMAN recovery in RAC and standalone database.  • Managed and monitored the Oracle Real Application Cluster (2 node RAC) running on VERITAS storage.  • Successfully Migrated Non RAC single instance to Real Application Cluster (RAC) database instances.  • Delivered training to other DBAs in Oracle RAC, Backup/Recovery, Oracle GoldenGate, Performance Tuning and general database administration tasks.  • Performed Tuning, coding and Monitoring for Oracle Real Application Clusters (RAC) nodes, Production Standalone Servers via Toad.  • Performance tuning and optimized the knowledge modules to improve the functionality of the process and worked on Cluster ware troubleshooting, CRS-ERRORS, CRS-4639, CRS-4530 and CRS-4535 and wait events in RAC environment.  • Worked extensively on monitoring 10G/11g/12c grid control database, configuration of error notifications, installing listeners, and adding them to the grid control.  • Installing Oracle GoldenGate on RHEL and setup table level replication as well as DDL replication too.  • Monitoring and Performance tuning of Goldengate sessions at Database level and GGSCI level and investigate replication failures using LogDump utility.  • Troubleshooting GoldenGate issues with error reports and ggserror.log.  • Developed Shell scripts for monitoring Goldengate processes and their stats running on 60+ servers from one single database repository and thus maintain history of all Goldengate processes.  • Implemented Data Guard with maximum availability, protection and performance configurations and worked with Data Guard Fail over and Switch over cases at the times of up gradation and migration.  • Performed Zero Downtime Database Data Center Migration using Goldengate and Datagaurd.  • Monitored Dataguard status periodically and Maintained DR server and troubleshooting issues in Data Guard environment.  • Killed Blocking sessions on oracle databases and monitoring Alert logs and Applying shipped archived logs to standby databases on using MRP process.  • We successfully switched over databases to secondary databases during DR testing using Dataguard broker and Configured Dataguard broker.  • Implemented DRP (Disaster recovery plan) for critical databases using Streams.  • Upgraded the Oracle 10g database to 11g version and applied patch set and interim patches whenever required to make the database software up to date.  • Kept databases, applications, and operating systems up-to-date through assessing, planning, and implementing upgrades and patches.  • Monitoring Day-to-Day Backups, Log's & recovering them as per the requirement.  • Successfully implemented Backup & Recovery using RMAN, Hot and Cold backups.  • Taking the RMAN incremental and cumulative backups and Scheduling the databases backup using Crontab and VERITAS net backup.  • Responsible for capacity planning, recovery planning and installing Patches.  • Created blackouts in OEM to disable alerts from OEM while performing database maintenance activities such as PSU patching.  • Performed Upgrades, Bug fixes, Enhancements, and regular maintenance to system by researching, planning, as well as applying patches to databases and E-Business suite to keep them up-to-date.  • Improved the database integrity and increased data accuracy for end-users and management by proficiently using SQL language to troubleshoot, query, insert, update, and delete table data  • Provided Instance level performance monitoring and tuning for Event Waits, Sessions, Physical and Logical I/O and Memory Usage.  • Always monitoring the Oracle Instances, Users, Tables, Tablespaces, Memory structures, and Rollback segments, Redo logs, Archived Redo logs and Alerts.  • Created, monitoring database objects like Tables, Indexes, Views, Users, and DB Links etc.  • Assisted users with performing their job functions more efficiently by installing, configuring, problem solving, maintaining, and uninstalling software on servers and laptops  • Provided Technical support and issue resolution to Enterprise applications, hardware, networks, and databases by root cause analysis, assessment, development, and implementation of solutions that meet the needs of users and kept them productive with minimal disruption  Environment: Oracle 9i, 10g, 11g and 12c, SQL, Oracle Grid Control, Oracle Enterprise Manager, RMAN, Goldengate, Dataguard, Data Pump, Tuning, Stats Pack, TKPROF, and AWR, ADDM, PL/SQL, Shell Scripting, Database Control, TOAD, SQL Developer, SQL*Loader, NT, Red Hat Enterprise Linux, UNIX, AIX, IBM, ASM. Oracle Database Administrator Allergan - Long Beach, CA February 2013 to June 2014 Responsibilities:  • Installed, configured and maintained Oracle 10g/11g R2 databases on Linux 5, HP-Unix 11.X.  • Managed and monitored the Oracle Real Application Cluster (2 node RAC) running on VERITAS storage.  • Created custom services for RAC database for distribution of load across the nodes.  • Performed Schema as well as Table Level Replication using Oracle Golden Gate and did set up Disaster Recovery solution using Golden Gate.  • Utilized Grid Control, ASM and Flashback tools to administer multi-node RAC database. Performed replication using Oracle Streams and GoldenGate Technology.  • Configured Golden gate extract and replicate during the database character set conversion.  • Configured Golden gate pump extract to move the trails from source database server to target database server.  • Used DEFGEN utility to create definition files, log dump utility to analyze trail files, implemented heartbeat tables to monitor lag in Golden Gate Environment, migrated oracle databases with minimal down using Golden Gate.  • Created and Managed Standby Database, Installed and configured Dataguard.  • Used Dataguard broker to monitor Dataguard configurations on standby database.  • Good working and experience in implementing Dataguard and Stand-by databases for fail-over and recovery.  • Restoration and Recovery of databases at the times of occurrence of critical failures.  • Migrated the database from existing Oracle 10g to Oracle 11g and Upgradation of database (from 10.2.0.3 to 11.2.0.2) and Applied Critical Patch Updates and Patch Set Update (CPU/PSU) on various platforms using Universal Installer and OPatch Utility.  • Monitoring Day-to-Day Backups, Log's & recovering them as per the requirement.  • Successfully implemented Backup & Recovery using RMAN, Hot and Cold backups.  • Taking the RMAN incremental and cumulative backups.  • Performed logical backup using traditional export/ import and Data Pump.  • Implemented database refresh using full export for table level and full database defragmentation, resulting in improved performance and Reorganized databases and Sizing of database objects for effective space management and optimal performance.  • Performed performance tuning by using Explain Plan, TKPROF, STATSPACK, AWR, ADDM and ASH.  • Worked on Performance Tuning Oracle DBA (11g &10g) on Solaris 10, AIX 5.2 and Linux 5, HP-Unix 11.X.  • Performed administrative maintenance, monitoring on Oracle database systems in a global 24x7 operational environment.  • Developed a bunch of Index monitoring scripts to sort out the unused space occupied in table spaces.  • Implemented advanced features of Oracle 10g such as Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor (ADDM), Automatic Workload Repository (AWR) for monitoring database performance. Modified and updated the Performance tuning scripts.  • Tested database performance issues (monitoring and tuning) to ensure database optimization.  • Creation of materialized views and fine-tuned them for better performance.  • Working Experience with latest TOAD having new features PLSQL & SQL Script Debugger, Database Health Checkup, ASM Manager, Diagnose Extents, Segment Advisor, SGA Trace, Query Builder.  • Tuning SQL statements using Explain Plan and STATSPACK.  Environment: Oracle 11g/10g, Linux, HP-UNIX Windows, RAC, ASM, DBCA, OEM Grid Control, HP Data Protector, Oracle Streams, Data Guard, TOAD, GoldenGate, RMAN, ASCP, ERP, VERITAS Net Backup, Data Pump, Tuning, Stats Pack, TKPROF, and SQL*Trace, AWR, ADDM, ASH, PL/SQL, Shell Scripting, SQL* Loader. Oracle DBA Farmers Insurance - CA January 2012 to January 2013 Responsibilities:  • Converted a single instance database to Oracle RAC 10g.  • Managed and monitored the Oracle Real Application Cluster (2 node RAC) running on ASM storage.  • Installation, Configuration and Administration of Oracle 10g RAC.  • Involved in RAC administration including 10g Database cloning, tuning, patching and monitoring concurrent manager processing etc.  • Configured Oracle Data guard for Oracle Disaster recovery.  • Achieved High Availability, Data protection and Maximum performance by maintaining both physical and logical standby databases.  • Used Dataguard broker to monitor Dataguard configurations on standby database.  • Good working and experience in implementing Dataguard and Stand-by databases for fail-over and recovery.  • Used RMAN for backups and recovery and configured databases in Catalog server and involved in backup of Catalog database.  • Restoration and Recovery of databases at the times of occurrence of critical failures.  • Experienced in performing Point in time recovery using RMAN and implemented Oracle database backup & recovery solutions using RMAN.  • Responsible in configuring and backing up database using RMAN, Hot backups, Cold backups and Logical backups.  • Extensive use of Oracle Data pump utility for moving data among the servers.  • Created User accounts, Roles and granting required access permissions and privileges to the database based on the applications they are accessing.  • Configured and implemented Oracle Streams (Advanced Replication) for high availability.  • Performed automated backups and scheduling using scripting.  • Used oracle configuration assistants like DBCA ( Database Configuration Assistant) for Creating databases, DBUA ( Database Upgrade Assistant) for Upgrading databases and NETCA (Network Configuration Assistant) for creating a Client-Server environment using Listener, TNS names etc.  • Management of schemas, objects partitioning the tables & indexes.  • Tested database performance issues (monitoring and tuning) to ensure database optimization.  • Involved in gathering requirements from end users.  Environment: Oracle 10g, Linux, HP-UNIX Windows, RAC, ASM, DBCA, OEM Grid Control, HP Data Protector, Oracle Streams Data Guard, RMAN, Backup, Data Pump, Tuning, Stats Pack, TKPROF, and SQL*Trace, AWR, ADDM, ASH, PL/SQL, Shell Scripting, SQL* Loader. Oracle DBA Medtronics - Minneapolis, MN August 2009 to December 2011 Responsibilities:  • Installation, Maintenance and administration of Oracle 10g on Red hat Linux.  • Implemented Data guard and administered the production database.  • Installed Oracle 10g RAC database on RHEL and applied all current patches.  • Database Restore using RMAN, Cold Backup and Export/Import.  • Responsible for planning, testing and implementing different backup and recovery strategies.  • Used Flashback table to restore tables which is a new feature of Oracle 10g.  • Performance tuning i.e. Tuning RAC, tuning applications, shared pool, I/O distribution, rollback segments, buffer cache, redo mechanisms.  • Extensive application tuning through STATSPACK, explain plan, SQL*Trace.  • Implemented scripts to capture high resource utilization queries.  • Implemented Oracle Advanced Security Options.  • Maintained multiple terabyte databases on Oracle.  • Cloned the production database periodically to the testing databases through RMAN.  • Used Enterprise Manager on Oracle10g for diagnostic summary, host CPU utilization, finding wait events, alert Log errors etc.  • On-Call 24x7 DBA support for production databases.  • Extensively used SQL Queries (Sub queries, correlated sub queries and Join conditions) to handle data mapping.  • Tuned the SGA. Monitored the shared Pool, Database buffer cache and Redo log buffers.  • Monitored Tablespaces and Segment fragmentation. Performed trouble shooting activities, created new users and assigned privileges and roles to users.  Environment: Oracle 9i/10g, SQL Server 2000, UNIX, Sun Solaris, Windows (NT/2000/Advanced Server), TOAD, OEM, SQL*PLUS, Explain Plan, UNIX Shell Scripting, Quest software tools, PL/SQL navigator, SQL, TKPROF, STATSPACK, ASM, AWR, ADDM, Data Pump, RMAN. Education Master of Science Pittsburg State University - Pittsburg, KS Skills LINUX (8 years), OEM (8 years), ORACLE (8 years), RMAN (8 years), SQL (8 years) Additional Information 8+ years of professional experience as an Oracle Database Administrator having hands on experience in database administration and performed different tasks like installation, configuration, upgrades, patches, performance tuning, backup and recovery, production support, cloning, space management, database security. Experience in the maintenance, and administration of ORACLE 12c/11g/10g/9i.  • Extensive knowledge on database administration for ORACLE 12c/11g/10g/9i with experience within very large-scale database environment and mission critical large OLTP and OLAP systems.  • Expert with planning, creation, administration and troubleshooting of ORACLE 12c/11g/10g/9i OLTP (multiple instances)/OLAP databases in production.  • Handful of experience in Oracle Installations, Upgrades, Patches, Critical Patch Updates (CPU's) in various environments.  • Worked on HP-UX, AIX, Sun Solaris, RED HAT Linux and Oracle Linux and Windows environments.  • Migrated databases into Exadata Machine with minimal downtime using Dataguard.  • Thorough knowledge in high availability RAC environment (3 node) and upgraded standalone databases to RAC environment.  • Hands on experience in Oracle 10g/11g/12c RAC implementation & administration of Oracle Cluster-ware setup and configuration RAC, Installation using ASM, Grid Installation, Patching, RAC Backup.  • Administered Exadata Database Machine including installing Cluster ware and RAC database, Backup, and recovery, grid disk management, performance tuning.  • Experience in implementing different types of Replication Models like Snapshot and Transactional and Merge Replication.  • Monitoring and Performance tuning of Goldengate sessions at Database level and GGSCI level and investigate replication failures using ggserr.log, report files and LogDump utility.  • Performed Zero Downtime migrations from Non Exadata machines to Exadata machines using Oracle Golden Gate and Dataguard.  • Installation, upgradation, configuration and troubleshooting Goldengate 11g/12C software.  • Configured Goldengate components for unidirectional replication between heterogeneous environments and maintain data synchronization.  • Proficient in setting up Standby Database using shell scripts and RMAN utility tool, activating and re-building Standby Databases both Physical by Dataguard.  • Solid experience in disaster recovery, Database backup concepts and options such as user-managed backup, RMAN managed backup with or without catalog, operating system backup, cold and hot backup, full back up, incremental, cumulative backup and implementing backup and recovery strategies.  • Backup, Recovery and Cloning of databases using RMAN also profound in using the new oracle 11g features in these utilities.  • Applying patches using OPatch and OPatch Auto.  • Worked on Planning, Preparation and Installation of Oracle 12C and setting up users.  • Worked on Upgrading Enterprise Manager 12C (12.1.0.2-12.1.0.4).  • Development and implementation of Enterprise database services standards, guidelines, processes & procedures, and best practices.  • Writing scripts in the UNIX based environments for managing the user's roles and privileges, scheduled backups (using Data pump /cold backups), manage statistics, Disk space management Data transferring and Refreshing with export/import utilities, Data Pump and data loading using SQL*Loader and External tables.  • Performance tuning of the database - SQL Tuning, Used Tuning utilities like STATSPACK, UTLESTAT, AWR, ADDM and Tuning of SGA, Distribution of disk I/O, Sizing of tables and indexes.  • Expertise in Using EXPLAIN PLAN for query optimization and Performance diagnostic tools like SQL Trace and TKPROF.  • Involved in migration from SQL Server 2005 to MS SQL Server 2008/2008R2/2012/2014.  • Experience in writing PL/SQL Stored Procedures, Functions Packages and Triggers, various scripting languages such as Perl and UNIX Shell Scripting.  • Experience in advanced Oracle features such as table partitioning, Oracle Streams (Replication).  • Extensively used BMC Remedy and Service Now Ticketing systems for monitoring.  • Excellent interpersonal and strong analytical, problem-solving skills combined with strong customer service attitude.  • Proven abilities in establishing effective task priorities, working independently, and participating as an integral part of a team in fast-paced and multitasking environment.    Technical Skills:  Operating Systems HP-UX 10.x,11.x, Sun Solaris5.8,8,9,10, AIX 5.1,5.2, Red Hat Linux 4.x,5.x,6.x and windows 2003/2005  RDBMS Oracle 12c/11g/10g/9i, Oracle 11g Real Application Cluster (RAC), ASM  Oracle Tools and Utilities  Data Guard, Golden Gate, Log dump, Degen, OBIEE, WebSphere, RMAN, OEM, Tuning Advisors, TOAD, SQL*Loader, Export/Import, Data pump, AVAMAR, RMAN, RAC TOOLS ORACHECK, oratop, TFA collector, OSWATCHER    Languages C, SQL, PL/SQL, AWK Scripting, Perl, shell, Korn  Tuning Tools TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN, STATSPACK, ADDM, AWR, SQL Tuning Advisor  Ticketing Tools Web Portals, BMC Remedy, HP Quality Center, HP Java ITO (OVO) console, GIRA, ServiceNow, JIRA
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1183.html#206:::Sr. Oracle Database Administrator;Sr. Oracle DBA;Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle DBA;DATABASE (7 years);ORACLE (7 years);RMAN (7 years);SQL (7 years);UNIX (6 years):::Sr. Oracle Database Administrator Sr. Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Sr. Oracle Database Administrator - Harvard Piligrim Health Care Glendale, AZ I have over 8+ years of interactive experience in Oracle Database Administration including Installation, Configuration, Patch Installation, Migration, Upgrades, Backup and Recovery, Cloning, Replication, Database Security, Memory Management, Data Modeling, Performance Monitoring and Tuning, RAC, Data Guard, Grid Control, Goldengate. I have worked on Oracle 10g, 11g, 12c versions. Support full SDLC environments.    • Experience in Performing database space management, monitoring, Tuning with Oracle 12c Cloud Control, custom automation scripts, etc.  • Knowledge in monitoring and tuning Sql server databases using the SSMS  • Knowledge in Oracle Exadata  • Implemented and maintained Oracle 11g Data Guard/standby databases for switch-over and fail-over purposes. Created, relocated and removed Services as needed in an Oracle RAC configuration  • Planned disaster recovery scenarios with different recovery procedures and methods like Data Guard & Standby Database.  • Excellent experience in managing large-scale OLTP databases 5+TB size in HA and DR setup  • Performed Uni-directional and Bi-directional replication through Golden Gate for zero downtime Database migrations.  • Knowledge in Exadata  • Expertise in system Monitoring and Performing Tuning Database - Tuning involved I/O, Memory, CPU utilization, SQL Tuning, SGA tuning, Shared Pool tuning, Buffers and Disk I/O tuning using Oracle's regular performance tuning tools like Explain Plan, STATSPACK (perfstat), SQL*Trace, TKPROF, Explain plan, AWR and ADDM reports, Advisors as SQL Tuning, SQL Advisor, Undo Segment, MTTR, Memory.  • Planned and implemented high availability solutions such as Real Application Cluster (RAC) in Oracle 11gR2 Grid and 10g on ASM and OCSF2 file systems.  • Expertise in maintaining Database Security using auditing.  • Managed Oracle 10g & 11g databases in Data warehousing environment.  • Starting/Shutting down the RAC databases and Creating and Relocating RAC database services to instances.  • Monitoring of cluster ware files i.e., OCR files & Voting Disk files.  • Monitoring the ASM instances on the multiple nodes and adding the disk to the disk group when required.  • Experience migration/consolidation of databases using Oracle 12c multitenant.  • Designed and implemented Oracle Real Application Clusters (RAC) on Linux.  • Experienced in installation and configuration of Oracle cluster ware and Automatic Storage Management (ASM) in RAC environment.  • Switchover and Failover RAC database with Data guard Broker  • Experience in conversion of Single Node Instance to multimode RAC with ASM, and adding instance to existing RAC.  • Experience in Migration of Oracle Databases from non-RAC to RAC and non-ASM to ASM Instances.  • Experience in Real Application Clusters (RAC) setup with 4 nodes, configuration and cluster interconnection with Automatic Storage Management (ASM).  • Applied patches (Patch sets and CPU patches) and worked closely  • Performed an upgrade of Oracle Database from 11g to 12c.  • Knowledge of Database Recovery Techniques and implementation of those recovery techniques to ensure business continuity.  • Expertise in implementing data refreshes (at database, schema & table level) using RMAN utility and Datapump, conventional Export/Import of Oracle 11g, 10g.  • Extensively implemented Datapump, conventional Export/Import (Oracle 11g, 10g) for migration and logical backup of database  • Experience in Data Migrations.  • Highly experienced in implementing Oracle's Transportable Tablespace (TTS) feature using Datapump Export/Import (Oracle 11g, 10g) allowing users to quickly move a user Tablespace across Oracle databases.  • Tablespace & Data file creation and Maintenance by Adding and Resizing data file if needed  • Monitoring the Database health check and growth with script.  • Keeping the databases up to date with respect to Latest PSU's and very comfortable in applying patches.  • Responsible for database maintenance, backups, recovery, patching, upgrades and performance tuning, user access control. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Oracle Database Administrator Harvard Piligrim Health Care - Quincy, MA March 2017 to Present Responsibilities:    • Worked onCross Platform Datacentre Migrationfrom Solaris to Linux and Setting up/Installation and configuration of 12.1.0.2 RAC with ASM and Raw Devices.  • Installed and implemented 12c 3 node RACwithData Guard/DG broker.  • Adding a new node to RAC cluster and installed Oracle RDBMS software on new node of cluster and Created ASM volume using ASMCA and created ACFS for Golden Gate 12c.  • Resolved RAC 11g/12c Contention wait types (gc blocks lost, gc buffer busy, grant 2-way).  • Planning and implementing DR &high availability solutions using Oracle 11g/12c Standby Database, Oracle Data guard, 11g/12c RAC.  • Monitored DR (DataGuard) implementations regarding connectivity issues and "log shipping" to failover site.  • Configured 11g R2 and 12c RAC Data Guard and Experience ensuring the high availability, integrity of databases & database designing and assisted in integration of Exadata applications into current IT actionable events and solutions.  • Working Experience in Exadata x3-2, x4-2and migrated databases to Exadata RAC environment  • Implemented Data Guard Broker and performed various operations like Switchover, Stop and Start MRP.  • Upgraded databases from 11g to 12C in QA and Prod environments.  • Cloned databases using RMAN Utility and Created scripts and scheduled backups in Autosys for RMAN database backups and recoveries.  • Applied PSU quarterly on 11g/12c GRID & RDBMS homes using opatch auto and Up-gradation of 11g/12c databases and Implementing catalog backup from RMAN.  • Implemented backup/recover strategies using hot backup, cold backups using RMAN and Export/Import utilities and Wrote Shell Scripting for managing day-to-day activities and automation of backup.  • Daily incremental backups and weekly cumulative backups using RMAN.  • Refreshing of databases using Data Pump Export and Import utilities (expdp/impdp).  • Troubleshooting expdp/impdp errors in a RAC environment, configuring storage accordingly.  • Performed Golden Gate replication monitoring, tuning, and capacity planning.  • Replication of data using Oracle Golden gate and configured Active-Active replication.  • Used CDR parameters to resolve conflicts and performed migration using goldengate v11 and 12c and troubleshooting issues using goldengate.  • Creation of Materialized views and partitioned the database tables to improve reporting performance.  • Creating and dropping of Users, granting and revoking privileges/roles to users as and when required.  • Creating and managing database objects such as tables, indexes, partition tables and views.  • Configured Targets and used OEM to do the daily tasks regarding the performance, maintenance.  • Using Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) on daily basis for observing the performance of the production database and actively working on performance and space management issues and accordingly providing on-fly solutions to make database healthy and running.  • Database and Oracle Queryperformance tuning using OEM, AWR, ASH, ADDM, Explain Plan.  • Conducted analysis and feasibility studies for development of Oracle Exadata solutions.  • Done cross platform migration using Export/Import from Sun Solaris to Linux server.  • Configuring TNSNAMES.ORA and LISTENER.ORA for SQL* NET connectivity.  • Diagnosing and troubleshooting database problems such as errors and bugs, performance problems, runaway processes, connectivity problems, poor SQL statements, etc.  • Performing day-to-day activities of Production database such as monitoring its growth and performance and performed maintenance tasks, rebuilding indexes, gathering statistics, refreshing materialized views etc.  • Performed SQL tuning, System tuning, Database and Instance tuning by analysing root causes.  • Data partitioning & tuning queries on large Oracle RAC databases.  • Monitoring the instance statistics and tuning the database to improve performance.  • Use of tools like OEM, STATSPACK, TKPROF, SQL Trace, Explain Plan, AWR and ADDM reports to proactively monitor performance. Backup procedures using RMAN.  • Worked on Advance Security Transparent Data encryption (TDE) 12c and installed Database vault server and database firewall and protected realms.  • Developed table structures, PL*SQL stored procedures and database triggers to implement business rules.  • Managing and providing 24X7 supports for various versions of databases.  • Performed on-call technical support to minimize the impact of system disruptions.    Environment: Oracle 11gR2,12C, RHEL 7.3, Sun Solaris 9, AIX - 6.1, Oracle Enterprise Manager, Grid Control, OEL, OEM Database control, PL/SQL, Oracle SQL Developer, Autosys, Shell Scripting, TOAD, ASM, RAC, Golden Gate, Data Guard. Sr. Oracle DBA ERCOT - Taylor, TX July 2015 to February 2017 Responsibilities:  • Responsible to provide 24 x 7 database administrative activities over different database servers.  • Involved in Capacity planning during implementation of 3 Node RAC.  • Installed11GR2RAC on RHEL 5.8 and involved in migration of databases to RAC environment.  • Migrated Single Instance databases to RAC databases and maintained ASM in RAC environment.  • Created databases in RAC environment and involved in moving databases from TEST to Production Environment.  • Monitoring Health checks of OCR, VOTING DISKS and Interconnect for better performance and troubleshooting issues in RAC environment(11GR2).  • Involved in Tuning the RAC interconnect, Finding RAC wait events and Tuning the RAC using the Enterprise Manager Grid Control.  • Installed DR for 26 databases using Data Guard for Single instance and also in RAC.  • Configured Physical Standby databases using Data guard and converted Physical standby to Snapshot Standby and active data-guard depend on Business Requirement.  • Maintained DR server and troubleshooting issues in Data Guard environment.  • Experience in Administering Oracle Database 10g and 11g using Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM).  • Installed 12C grid control and registered Databases in OEM.  • Enforced Security administration, system monitoring by adding and removing users, configuring quotas, auditing at different levels, and analyzing security problems.  • Applied patching on 10g/11g and Involved in Up-gradation of HP- UNIX databases from 10.2.0.x to 11.2.0.x.(11gr2)  • Used Expdp and Impdp for exporting and importing of database objects between databases.  • Performed data refresh at Schema level using EXPDP.  • Used RMAN for backups and recovery and configured databases in Catalog server and involved in backup of Catalog database.  • Data Refreshfrom Production to Test and Development environments using RMAN Duplicate Database.  • Scheduled Oracle Jobs and Backups using CRONTAB.  • Restoration and Recovery of databases at the times of occurrence of critical failures.  • Performed Block Recovery and Data file recovery using RMAN.  • Involved in Cross platform migration and used Oracle Golden Gate to transfer database from Hp-unix to RHEL.  • Configured Extract and Replicate pumps for Golden gate replication and Troubleshooting issues in GOLDENGATE Environment.  • Daily Health Check Up of the Database and SQL Queries using AWR, ADDM and TKPROF and Tuned the SQL's using TKPROF and STATSPACK reports.  • Involved in fine tuning stored procedures by making use of PL/SQL Collections and its Bulk Fetch and Bulk Insert features.  • Created User accounts, Roles and granting required access permissions and privileges to the database based on the applications they are accessing.  • Configured and Installed Oracle-Wallet-Management (OWM) for Data Security.  • Performance Tuning for the SQL queries which are Running slow and taking more CPU cost  • Performed Quick System Review by using Education Performance Index (EPI), System Performance Index (SPI), Memory Performance Index (MPI). Disk Performance Index (DPI). And calculated the Total Performance Index (TPI).  • Involvement in day to day activities like Space management, rectification ofLock problems, managed quotas, Table partitioning to improve I/O access.  • Assisting in implementation of change control process in production.  • Alert log Monitoring for critical databases every day in the production environment.    Environment: Oracle 11g/10g, HP-UX 7.x/11.x, RHEL 5.x/6.x, ASM, OEM,12C(Grid Control), RAC 11gR2, RMAN and Data Guard, Explain Plan, DATA MASKING, Oracle-Wallet-Management, SQL Developer, PL/SQL Tuning, Data Pump, Business Objects, putty. Oracle Database Administrator Physical Standby April 2013 to June 2015 Responsibilities:  • Applied patches (Patch sets and CPU patches) and worked closely  • Performed an upgrade of Oracle Database from 11g to 12c.  • Knowledge in monitoring and tuning Sql server databases using the SSMS  • Multiple implementations and migrations of the Exadata Platform (full Rack)  • Disaster Recovery (DR) Plan Implemented using DATAGUARD (Physical Standby) for high availability/disaster recovery purpose on Oracle 11g.  • Performing DR switchover and failover operations.  • Created and monitored Physical standby databases on maximum protection, performance mode using Data guard for Disaster Recovery and High Availability.  • Supported Oracle DB backups (online/offline), logical backups and UNIX scripts, created clone databases, configured standby database, performed DBA day-to-day activities  • Troubleshooting Golden Gate issues in both development and production environments.  • Performed Uni-directional and Bi-directional replication through Golden Gate for zero downtime Database migrations.  • Migrating and upgrading Oracle Database from 10gR1 on Solaris/Windows to 11gR2 on Linux environment using Datapump and Golden Gate replication.  • Experience of installing, configuring Golden Gate Replication from OLTP databases to Datawarehousing environments.  • Refreshed schema using Export/Import. Created the database, tablespace, tables, indexes, set privileges and user logins  • Worked on in house installation of Oracle on different platforms, loaded user data to reproduce the problem, applied new Oracle patch, managed database backup using RMAN, upgraded Oracle database 10.2.0.4 to 11.2.0.1  • Data migration between databases using both Oracle 10g and 11g  • Experience in monitoring and tuning system resources associated with the database performance, hit ratios, I/O, lock, and latch contention.  • Expertise in Performing Tuning Database - Tuning involved I/O, Memory, CPU utilization, SQL Tuning, SGA tuning, Shared Pool tuning, Buffers and Disk I/O tuning using Oracle's regular performance tuning tools like Explain Plan, STATSPACK (perfstat), SQL*Trace, TKPROF.  • Expert in Performance Tuning and Monitoring of Oracle Databases on Unix/Linux platform using database tuning, Tkprof, Explain plan, AWR and ADDM reports, Advisors as SQL Tuning, SQL Advice, Undo, Segment, MTTR, Memory. installation of 11.2.0.1 and 11.2.0.2 and 11.2.0.3 RAC databases on ASM and NFS file systems.  • Experience in system Monitoring and Database Performance Tuning using Explain plan, SQL Trace, TKPROF, AWR and also Cluster Interconnect Tuning (RAC)  • Provided valuable inputs for various performance tuning issues.  • Proficient in performance tuning using Explain Plan, STATSPACK, TKPROF, AWR, ADDM. Performance Tuning of the database (Memory Tuning, I/O Tuning)  • Manage, tune and troubleshoot database issues both on UNIX command line, SQL*Plus, OEM client, Oracle 10g database control, oracle 10g Grid Control as well as other third party tools (TOAD, SQL Developer).  • export/import utility and Oracle 11g exp/imp data pump.  • Implement Oracle 12c new features in mission-critical production environments.  • Administering and setting up of 11g/12c RAC and clusterware and instances.  • Upgraded Oracle GRID, ASM and Database from 10g and 11g to 12c.  • Resolved RAC issues, OCR related issues, rebooting of faulty nodes, relocating the switched over services.  • Database Services creation for distributing the applications across multiple nodes, extensively used all command line utilities SRVCTL, CRSCTL, ADR, ASMCMD.  • Applying CPU/PSU Patches on ERP instance and Plain databases.  • Configuration and maintenance of 11g RAC and Single Instance database environments.  • Installing ASM environment and migrating databases from NON-ASM to ASM.  • Maintained Oracle 11gR2 RAC high availability with ASM file system with Cluster Stat and Grid infrastructure on Linux environments. Database reorganizations and refresh schema-using Export/Import. Creating the database, table spaces, tables, indexes, setting privileges and user logins.  • Upgrading Grid Infrastructure and databases from 11.2.0.1/11.2.0.2/11.2.0.3 to 11.2.0.4.  • Troubleshoot installation errors both independently and with Oracle support (via My oracle Support)  • Create oracle databases on configured servers using both the DBCA & Database creation scripts.  • Monitored and performed database sizing, tablespace management and rollback tablespace management, transaction management and security administration.  • Application design and code is produced with proper integrity, security and performance  • Monitor database systems and provide technical support for database system issues and application performance enhancement/improvement using both OEM (client), Oracle 10g database control & SQL*Plus, as well as pre-developed UNIX shell scripts.  • Cloning of Test/DEV instances from Production systems.  • Analyzed SQL queries causing performance problems.  • Created, Configured, Upgraded And Administered 10.2.0.4/11.2.03 & 12.1 versions Oracle databases on Linux Red Hat and Cent OS on Vmware and bare-metal environments  • Creation and configuration of new database server and database environments.  • Performing Monthly Re-org of complete databases using expdp and impdp  • Participated in meetings for Project Updates/Project Enhancements/Trouble shooting periodically  • Maintaining database and middleware/SOA layer performance by identifying and resolving production and application development problems; calculating optimum values for parameters; evaluating, integrating, and installing new releases.  • DBA supporting three major projects from Development to Production via Tech-Test environments, involving daily configuration, administration all running on IBM AIX 5.3 & 6.1. Database sizes range from 50GB to 3TB (in ODS & EDW environments).    Environment:: Oracle RMAN, Oracle 11g (11.2.0.2), DBMS STATS, Datapump, SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN Oracle DBA TE Connectivity - Winston-Salem, NC June 2010 to March 2013 Responsibilities  • Provided Assistance to application team at the time of SQL tuning in applications. Administration of RAC and DATAGUARD databases in Oracle 11g.  • Implemented and maintained Oracle 11g Data Guard/standby databases for switch-over and fail-over purposes. Created, relocated and removed Services as needed in an Oracle RAC configuration  • Running scripts and monitoring the load process to avoid any issues in ETL jobs running for a long duration.  • Monitored Database growth and provide Database capacity planning for applications expansion or necessary re-organization of tables and indexes as and when required.  • Oracle DB System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) planning and Oracle DB 3-Tier architecture.  • Created the database objects such as Tables, Indexes, Views, Database Triggers, Procedures, Functions, etc.  • Performing Database Administration activities like space management, user and roles administration, schema management, checking alert log of all the databases. Installed Oracle 10g and 11g on multiple platforms.  • Performed up-gradation of 10g to 11g.  • Performed traditional Cold backup in appropriate environments via OS commands as well as logical exports.  • Automated routine DBA tasks like backup's and stats by using Grid control job's  • Setup RMAN solutions for all Oracle Databases -- created rman repository, provided best practices, optimizations and data guard and cloning techniques -- restore and recovery.  • Adding and removing nodes to existing Oracle database RAC configurations  • Worked closely with diverse application development groups and served as single point of contact for testing, tuning and implementing projects / solutions in production environment  • Cloned and maintained multiple Oracle Database environments for Development, Testing & UAT.  • Carried out yearly DR Testing of Oracle ERP Systems / Critical Oracle Databases.  • Applied various database / applications PSU / CPU patches as required. Also applied monthly vertex updates.  • Performed activities like monitoring the database and provide maximum uptime.  • Created and granted users the privileges and roles and resizing the datafiles to manage database growth.  • Defined and implemented database backup and security strategies, tested the backups periodically for consistency and reliability  • Identified long-running database queries, refining queries for better performance, and working with end- users to implement changes  • Created primary database objects (tables, views, indexes) once application developers have designed an application  • Monitor database systems and provide technical support for database system issues and application performance enhancement/improvement using both Oracle 10g Grid Control & SQL*Plus, as well as UNIX shell scripts.    Environment: RHEL 4.4, HP-UX, 10g, and 11g, Oracle 10g/11g RAC, ASM, Data Guard, Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM), RMAN, ASM, STATSPACK, EXPLAIN PLAN, TOAD, ERWIN 7.2, Autosys, Golden Gate, SQL*Plus, PL/SQL, SQL*Loader Education Bachelor's Skills DATABASE (7 years), ORACLE (7 years), RMAN (7 years), SQL (7 years), UNIX (6 years) Additional Information Operating Systems: HP-UX 10.x, 11.x. Sun Solaris 2.5, 2.6, 8, 9, 10. AIX 5.1, 5.2, 5.3, 6.1 RHEL 2.1, 3.x, 4.x, 5.x. Linux Enterprise Server 9, 10. Windows 95/98/NT/2000  RDBMS: Oracle 10g, 11g, 12c, MSSQL SERVER, MYSQL  Languages: SQL, PL/SQL, UNIX Shell Scripting, PERL  Tools: TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN, STATSPACK, AWR, and ADDM.Toad, Putty, NX client, Winscp, sql server management studio(SSMS)  Database Utilities: SQL*Plus, Oracle Enterprise Manager, Real Application Cluster, ASM, Transportable Tablespaces, SQL*Loader, RMAN, DataPump, Export, Import
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1184.html#207:::Sr. Oracle DBA Consultant;Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Apps DBA;Applications Database Administrator;Database;Oracle;Pl/sql;Sql;Rman;Aix;Linux;Shell programming;Solaris;Unix;Ux;Hp-ux;C++;Rdbms;Ebs;Loader:::Sr. Oracle DBA Consultant Sr. Oracle DBA Consultant Sr. Oracle DBA Consultant - Ogletree Wyoming, WY • Around 8+ Years of experience in the IT industry as an Oracle Database and Applications DBA.  • Excellent hands on experience as Implementation and Production Support DBA in administering large databases possess strong database, operating system and networking concepts.  • Specialized in Oracle Apps Database Administration (R12.13, 11.5.10, 11.5.9), Oracle Databases (Versions 11g, 10g, 9i) and Fusion Middleware (10g AS).  • Worked on high availability environment (11i/R12 Apps +10g/11g/12cDB).  • Expertise in troubleshooting all tiers (Apache, Forms, Concurrent, Admin, Jinitiator and database).  • Expertise in Support activities, Installation, Cloning, Patching, and Refreshing Only Databases on Oracle Applications.  • Expertise User management and space management of database and applications.  • Hard working, well in analytical and logical problem solving with good communication skills. Worked efficiently as an individual as well as in team environment. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Oracle DBA Consultant Ogletree - Greenville, SC September 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  • Administrating Database in various platforms like WINDOWS, SUN SOLARIS 8/9, HP UNIX and Red Hat Enterprise Linux.  • Excellent in troubleshooting Oracle Network issues.    • Quick learner with ability to develop proficiency and adapt to new technologies and methods in a short period of time.  • Installation, Configuration and Automation of Oracle DBA Monitoring Tools.  • Ability to support and work within standard software development life cycle (SDLC) practices.  • Applying Patches for Database& Upgrading Database Versions.  • Implemented Graceful Switchover and Switchback between Production and Standby Databases.  • Ability to handle Projects and worked efficiently with other team members, Project managers, System Administrators, functional teams & Application Developers.  • Refreshing Database and applications as per the requirements of the clients (CLONING)  • Used Export/Import to do table level and full database defragmentation.  • Provided on-call production database support.  • Creating Indexes and Monitoring Performance. Data loading using SQL Loader (from Text files to Database).  • Perform Daily Logical backups using RMAN.  • Upgraded Databases from 11g to 12C and applied patches as per requirement.  • Worked extensively on migrations on multiple database versions. i.e., 9i, 10g, 11g and 12C.  • Oracle Enterprise 11g R2 installation and configuration in Linux.  • Perform RMAN operations (Incremental Backups).  • Helped developers to install Oracle Client, troubleshoot and establish the connection to Oracle database through ODBC, JDBC.  • Performed SQL Tuning by using explain plan and TKPROOF.  • Daily Monitoring Database and Tablespaces Growth and Monitoring Space Availability at operating System.  • Evaluated and ensured the efficiency of application database backup and recovery procedures.  • Ensure that the database systems are well documented, and that documentation is maintained in a timely fashion Develop and publish database administration best practices.  • Good experience in applying Critical Patch Update (CPU Patches) on Databases, Application Servers and Middle Tiers.  • Complete range of Oracle DBA activities including day-to-day production database monitoring includes alert log, trace file, and achieve files, Troubleshooting production issues and Performance Tuning issues.  • Ability to perform database code migration, change management and data management through the various stages of the development life cycle.  • Ability to independently investigate, analyze and troubleshoot problems, to determine and provide accurate resolution and root cause.  • Good experience in 24/7 Production Environment Support.  • Excellent communication skill & Interpersonal skill.  Environment:Oracle Applications (11i and R12) e-Business Suite, Oracle8, 9i, 10g, 11g, 12c, SOA, AWR, ASH, ADDM, SQL, RMAN, VLDB, Udeploy, Git, ITIL, and UNIX. Oracle Database Administrator Open Lane Inc - Mesa, AZ May 2015 to August 2017 Responsibilities:  • Oracle DBA duties involving development and production support such as installations, configurations, backup/restore & recovery, database monitoring & operating system configurations, database performance tuning, assisting in the logical/physical database design, applications profiling, tuning queries and providing support to developers.  • Performing Hot/Cold backups of the database through RMAN or User Managed method.  • Review alert logs and dump files to check for any problems related to the database.  • Perform database cloning/exp/imp to setup identical databases in the production and development environments.    • Oracle Applications server including OID. Implementation of Oracle Applications Server for use with Portal, Custom Forms and Reports  • Create and maintain users, roles and privileges.  • Involved in discussions with the management regarding the advantages/disadvantages and upgrade plans.  • Used Oracle 10g AWR & ADDM to monitor database activities and performance tuning.  • Involved in Database sizing, Capacity Planning.  • Perform Space Management & Troubleshooting the database issues.  • Grant database users requested privilege.  • Generated ASH, AWR, ADDM reports from Grid Control and command line.  • Ran the Oracle STATSPACK on the Oracle Instances to find out the System Performance Statistics during the peak load times.  • Compared and contrasted multiple snapshots using AWR.  • Installing of quarterly security patches on all non-production and production servers.  • Cloning/replicating/refreshing production databases to test/ development environments using RMAN scripts  • Migrated databases to AWS  • Build new servers on AWS  • Worked on project to migrate databases to AWS instance  • Set up oracle instances on AWS cloud  • Upgrade the Oracle databases from 10g to 11g using DBUA and manual process  • Worked with Different teams to completed Build tasks  • Created documents to speed up future builds.  • Planned database migration and upgrade from 11g to 12c  • Recovered and clone database using RMAN.  • Responsible for resolving several complex recovery scenarios (including RMAN) with critical production database.  • Proactive performance monitoring, and capacity planning for future database and server growth.  • Performed Cross platform migration using transportable tablespaces and RMAN.  • Performed Import and Export using Oracle Data pump utilities  • Administered and maintained database security policies and procedures. Experience with administration of high-performance and large-scale multi-terabytes databases.  • Handled all standard database administrative tasks, such as: proactive performance tuning and monitoring, troubleshooting, backup and recovery, installations and configurations on an as needed basis.  • Used external tables and SQL*Loader to import data from flat files.  • Performed version upgrades and patch installs.  • Designed and implemented database backup/restore methodologies, responsible for Troubleshooting performance and networking issues. Basic OS system administration.  • Strict adherence to policies and procedures - specifically regarding change management.  • Perform database administration tasks as part of a scheduled change management task.  • Proficient in communicating directly with internal resources daily.  • Able to work effectively with multiple teams at once.  • Able to thrive in a fast-paced, time compressed and dynamic environment. Solid skills and discipline for Change Management practices processes  • Solid discipline in providing end-users timely updates on their problems. Installing server software.  • Monitored database space requirements and adjusted for future needs.  Environment: Oracle Applications (11i and R12) e-Business Suite, Oracle8, 9i, 10g, 11g, 12c, SOA, AWR, ASH, ADDM, SQL, RMAN, VLDB, Udeploy, Git, ITIL, and UNIX. Oracle Apps DBA Hitachi Consulting (India) Pvt. Ltd January 2013 to April 2015 Responsibilities:  • Installing & Upgrading the 11i/R12 Applications. Upgrading 11i to R12 (12.1.1 and 12.1.3) with 10g and 11g Databases  • Administering and maintaining Production Apps R12/11i instances, 24X7 Production Database Support and maintenance.  • Maintaining all the changes made and list of patches applied in the developments environments and document them to provide the list of steps/changes to be followed during the point release go-live.  • Cloning Applications and databases as well using various methodologies like - cold, hot refresh and exp/imp dumps for the database.  • Troubleshooting the application issues related to forms, Apache & concurrent managers, issues related to users like login page issues, responsibility issues etc.  • Monitoring Daily Support tasks from clients and work on them. Monitoring database performance using TKPROF, AWR and ADDM.  • Generating and sending the Daily Health check reports to the clients after verification.  • User management and database Space Management. Performing code migrations on PROD database.  • Involved in maintaining applications using various AD Utilities.  • Applying several one-off application patches on a daily basis by performing pre patch analysis. Also applying RDBMS patches (Patching databases to the most current release levels).  • Perform Quarterly CPU patch Analysis, patch sets and apply them to the Environments. I never had any issues with my patch analysis.  • Applying patches in the shared appltop& distributed appltop environments. Creating the Custom data top for the client specific customizations.  • Upgraded the database from 10.2.0 to 11g.  • Applying latest releases of the RDBMS patches from Oracle to the Production and test instance to resolve technical challenges & issues.  • Taking backup (HOT/COLD) foe the database.  • Application administration using sysadmin user and managing the concurrent managers, concurrent requests, workflow activities, user management responsibility, etc.  • Work with technical, functional, development and testing teams on implementing the data migrations & changes.  • Has Identity management knowledge on administering the services and deploying the applications by logging into the web logic Administration console.  • Troubleshooting the errors regarding forms/reports reported by technical/functional teams.  • Helping the Integration team by building the Discoverer server, Fusion Middleware Database, OAM, OID, SOA, Web center and Web tier.  • Taking the HOT & COLD backup for particular code levels using RMAN and manual method for application stack and using them for different release purpose.  • Working with multiple teams (network, storage, technical, functional, testing and Finance (live )DB dba's) and coordinating with them on performing specific actions on-time.  • Creating SR with Oracle support and Work with Oracle support on resolving the typical issues.  • Also Trained New college freshers with Database and Applications skills and assisted them on the job training.  • Has Identity management knowledge on administering the services and deploying the applications by logging into the web logic Administration console.  • Environment: Oracle Database 9i/10g/11g, Oracle Apps 11i/R12, Oracle 10g AS. Applications Database Administrator AT&T Global business services (India) Pvt. Ltd September 2010 to December 2012 Responsibilities:  • Working for more than 60 Oracle applications client's databases. Technologies involved - Oracle Apps version 11.5.9, 11.5.10 & R12 on LINUX, multi node RAC system with Database 9i, 10g & recently started working on 11g.  • Responsible for maintaining Oracle Applications R12/11i in single node & multimode  • Administering production databases on a 2-node & 3-node RAC installation (Linux RH3 machines, Solaris and HP-UX), with 2-node PCP configuration, Load balancing form services and apache setup.  • Administering and maintaining Production Apps 11i instances, 24X7 Production Database Support and maintenance.  • Involved in maintaining applications using various AD Utilities.  • Cloning APPS databases using RMAN technology. Cloning a multi node system to single nodeand Cloning of RAC-RAC instances and RAC-Non RAC instances as well.  • Perform Quarterly CPU patch Analysis and apply them to the Environments.  • Applying several one-off application patches on a daily basis by performing pre-patch analysis. Also applying RDBMS patches (Patching databases to the most current release levels).  • Monitoring Daily Support tasks from clients and work on them.  • Cloning databases using various methodologies like - cold, hot refresh, exp/imp and rman on HP-UX/Sun-Solaris/Linux.  • Monitoring database performance using TKPROF, AWR and ADDM.  • Servers and database Space Management.  • Applying latest releases of the RDBMS patches from Oracle to the Production and test instance to resolve technical challenges & issues.  • Worked closely with teams including Applications development, database development, Oracle Support and business community.  • Distributing the tasks to the available resources, as a shift lead.  • Giving the key inputs the clone automation team.  • Participated on various upgrade projects as a team member.  • Worked on Multiple tasks for multiple clients simultaneously, never had any issues or complaints on my work.  • Handled training on Oracle Applications 11i/R12 for new joiners (New college Guys) and helped them to pick up with the initial work like monitoring and working on alert etc.  Environment: HP Quality Center, SQL and Informatica. Education Bachelor's Skills Database, Oracle, Pl/sql, Sql, Rman, Aix, Linux, Shell programming, Solaris, Unix, Ux, Hp-ux, C++, Rdbms, Ebs, Loader
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1185.html#208:::Oracle/SQL Database Administrator;Oracle DBA;Oracle Production Support Database Administrator;Database administration;Data modeling;Database;Sql server;Oltp:::Oracle/SQL Database Administrator Oracle/SQL <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle/SQL Database Administrator - PeopleSoft Financial Texas, VT I have over 9 years of extensive experience in Oracle Database Administration Installation, Configuration, Patch Installation, Migration, Upgrades, Backup and Recovery, Cloning, Replication, Database Security, Memory Management, Data Modelling, Performance Monitoring and Tuning, RAC, Data Guard, Grid Control and Oracle Streams. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle/SQL Database Administrator PeopleSoft Financial - Austin, TX January 2017 to Present • Worked on Multitenant Databases (Oracle 12c Container and pluggable databases)  • Worked as a team member for 24x7 support with on call rotation in all prod, QA and dev environments.  • Monitor for performance and tune PeopleSoft Financial applications running Application release 9.x2 and PeopleTools 8.54.  • Setup New databases on Clustered and Non clustered environment and Implemented Maximum Availability Architecture using RAC, DATAGUARD and Golden Gate  • Upgrade 11G RAC to 12c RAC and Administering the RAC Environment through SRVCTL and CRSCTL and applied patches in rolling fashion  • Performs a variety of complex tasks associated with information security ranging from the design of security components to complex architectures.  • Knowledge of dataencryption (transparent encryption), data-at-rest, and unstructured dataprotection, Key Management Solution (KMS).  • Data Warehouse experience in data Architecture, full life cycle development, dimensional modeling, star and snowflake schema. Developing transact-SQL DDL, DML and DCL commands including complex queries, views, functions, stored procedures, cursors and triggers on SQL server 2012 R2/2016.  • Worked on 12c RAC new builds and administering 12c RAC and managed ASM on RAC  • Configured diskgroups with different redundancy levels and created fail groups and managing and tuning ASM parameters  • Configuration & Troubleshooting the Oracle DataGuard & GoldenGate environment in Oracle 11g & 12c versions.  • Configured Golden Gate 12c RAC, RAC Active configuration with 12c database  • Hands on experience in GGSCI utility for administering Extract, Pump, Replicate & reviewing the error logs and troubleshooting Abend scenarios.  • Configured GoldenGate BI-DIRECTIONAL replication and extensively used CDR parameters  • Full database, Schema refresh using RMAN, Datapump and Implemented the Backup strategies using RMAN catalog and nocatalog methods.  • Setting up of Oracle and Application user accounts and passwords, monitoring application security.  • Responsible to improve the performance by Using the Hints, Indexes, Explain Plan  • Handled High volume production databases around 4 TB size along with Physical standby databases  • Proficient in Oracle High Availability features like RAC, DATA GUARD, GRID CONTROL and Oracle Performance Tuning Utilities like ADDM, AWR, ASH, SQL-Tuning Advisor, EXPLAIN PLAN, TK PROF, DBV.  • Performed Data file recovery from logical and physical block corruptions  • Good understanding and Implementation expertise in RAC, ASM, Data Guard like remedy change and user tickets, frequently communicate effectively with technical and non-technical customers.  • Exp on Cluster management, event management, application management, connection management, storage management, load balancing and availability. Continuous monitoring of performance during peak and non-peak loads using AWR reports, ASH, ADDM and Optimization SQL code using SQL Trace, tkrpof, Explain plan.  • Experience working with SQL, PL/SQL coding, stored procedures, functions, packages, triggers.  • Partitioning strategies for very large tables. Implemented Range, List, Hash and various Sub Partitions, Create and schedule refresh for materialized views.  • Work with Oracle Data Pump (expdp and impdp) which provides high speed, parallel, bulk data and metadata movement of Oracle database contents.  • Management of schema objects, partitioning of tables & indexes and performing SQL*Loader jobs for loading data from flat files (ETL) and Oracle Database monitoring, troubleshoot and resolve the issues.  • SQL tuning - AWR history of sql execution, index recommendations, SQL Tuning Advisor, SQL Access Advisor, Real Time SQL Monitoring, Interpret Execution plans, Re-write more efficient SQLs.  • Data Refresh of large production data warehouse environment to setup test, development environments using SAN level storage mirroring: Gold image copy and cloning.  • Tuned the Database and applications using AWR, ADDM, STATSPACK, ESTIMATE, ANALYSE, EXPLAINPLAN, SQLTRACE, and TKPROF and gathered DBMS statistics.  • Configured RAC database with 4 nodes. Implemented Data Guard, Physical and logical Stand by databases to ensure high availability, data protection and disaster recovery.  • Improving the performance of the database by tuning SQL and database instance parameters using Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor and SQL Tuning Advisor in Oracle 10g  • Using TCP/IP Protocol Configured SQL*Net files on server / client machines, and resolved client connectivity issues.  • Worked on setting up Physical Standby Data Guard environment for Prod & non-prod databases.  • Provide support to developers to enhance their SQL, PL/SQL code and responsible for setting up of new user accounts, schema Deployments and related user administrative tasks.  • Successful in installation/maintenance of Physical Standby database using Oracle Data Guard for Oracle 11.2.0.3 and Oracle 10.2.0.5 RAC databases.  • Implemented proactive monitoring using Tuning Pack, Diagnostics Pack, and STATSPACK, SQL Trace & TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN.  • Database monitoring/maintenance, replication process and performance tuning are done using OEM (Oracle Enterprise Manager). Oracle DBA Windstream Communications - Twinsburg, OH August 2013 to December 2016 Responsibilities:  • Experience working on POC of 12c new features like Redaction policy, adaptive query optimization, multiple indexes on single column, Restore table through RMAN etc  • Able to resolve the performance issue in database 12c using automatic big data caching, full database caching and In-Memory Aggregation features.  • Hand on experience in cloning the non-multitenant container database to pluggable database in 12c using the PDB Metadata clone, PDB Remote Clone and PDB Snapshot Cloning feature.  • Performed database administration, production support, installation, configuration, upgrades, patches, migration, backup and recovery, performance tuning, and cloning on the above said versions.  • Configured Goldengate 12c RAC -- RAC Active configuration with 11g database.  • Configured and worked in Oracle GoldenGate installation, configuration, troubleshooting GoldenGate issues.  • Database reorganizations and refresh schema-using Export/Import. Creating the database, table spaces, tables, indexes, setting privileges and user logins.  • Monitored and performed database sizing, tablespace management and rollback tablespace management, transaction management and security administration  • Data migration between databases using both Oracle 10g and 11g export/import utility and Oracle 11g exp/imp data pump.  • Experience in handling Multi-Terabyte Database migrations/Consolidations with minimum/no downtime.  • Experienced with all facets of Oracle DBA day-to-day activities like production, database monitoring, Backup & Recovery using RMAN, Cloning, Troubleshooting production issues, and Physical Database Design.  • Extensive Experience in working with the Tools like OEM, AWR, ASH, ADDM Expdp/Impdp, SQL Tuning Advisor, SQL Plan Baselines.  • Good Experience in applying patches like Critical Patch Updates (CPU), Patch Set Updates (PSU), and One-Off Patches, Interim patches, DST, Patch sets as per the Oracle recommendations.  • Installed & configured Oracle Management Server (OMS) & Oracle Grid Control.  • Extensive knowledge in maintain Oracle Cluster ware using Srvctl, Crsctl, has, ocrconfig, cluvfy, Private IP, public IP, SCAN IP and Virtual IPs along with NAS and SAN for ASM storage.  • Apply the oracle security patches (CPU patch / PSU patch) on standalone database, Oracle RAC and clusterware (oracle 11g - Grid Infrastructure)  • Providing Level 3 operational support for the database tower.  • Responsible for database maintenance, backups, recovery, patching, upgrades and performance tuning, user access control  • Successfully implemented physical standby database using Oracle Data guard and Active Data guard feature for High availability configuration in RAC environment.  • Monitoring and troubleshooting database issues with OEM grid control.  • Very comfortable in using ASM for creating diskgroups, adding additional storage (DISKS) and troubleshooting ASM issues  • Performed proactive and reactive tuning/managing database space utilization and growth.  • Implementing Oracle ASM and resolving ASM related issues  • Detailed analysis of the business and users requirements by doing various information gathering techniques.    Environment: Oracle 10g, 11g, 12C, Unix shell script, Grid Control, Data Guard, IBM AIX, Sun Solaris, Oracle Linux, SQL*Plus, Toad, Various 10g and 11g Advisories, AWR and Statspack Reports, EXPDP/IMPDP, EXP/IMP, PL/SQL, RMAN, Crontab, Tivoli Storage Management for DB tape backups, BMC Patrol for DB monitoring. Oracle Production Support Database Administrator CDW - Chicago, IL March 2010 to July 2013 • Active member in making enterprise hardware infrastructure related decisions with IT management  • Involve in meetings with top IT management to discuss platform migrations  • Installed, Setup, Configured Oracle version 10g Release2 64 Bit on Solaris 10 and HP-UX11  • Migrating from Oracle 10g Sun Solaris 10 to Oracle 11g SUSE Linux (SLES) 10  • Built Oracle MAA Physical Standby and Logical Standby and configure Data Guard Broker for High Availability/Disaster Recovery purpose  • Perform planned switchover and failover to physical standby database with and without Data Guard Broker to verify availability status  • Transferring data from one server to another server by Export/Import Data Pump and Normal Export /Import utilities  • Refresh Test/Dev/Quality/Training/Sandbox environment from Production for Apps Team.  • Regularly applying all CPU & PSU Patches to All Oracle Databases using Opatch  • Extensively used Oracle 10gR2 new features automatic SGA tuning, enhanced RMAN with Flash Recovery Area, Block Change Tracking, Merge backup, Oracle Data Pump, big file tablespaces, new EM Grid Control, Database Control, Studio Control, AWR, ADDM, SQL Tuning/Access Advisors, Flashback Database and several others  • Capture, Staging and Apply from the production Database to the Target database  • Implemented DATA GUARD (Physical Standby) for high availability/disaster recovery purpose.  • Rebuilding of Indexes for better performance, maintenance of Oracle Database  • Performance tuning of Oracle Database Objects by fixing row chaining  • Performance tuning for optimized results using tools like EXPLAIN PLAN, SQL*TRACE, TKPROF, STATSPACK.  • Tuned parameters for a large monthly SQL* Loader job resulting in 90% reduction of operation time  • Database monitoring/maintenance, replication process and performance tuning are done using OEM (Oracle Enterprise Manager).  • Experience in implementation of enterprise databases on enterprise Storage Solutions using Storage area Networks (SAN) and Network attached storage (NAS).  • Experience in system Monitoring and Database Performance Tuning using Explain plan, SQL Trace, TKPROF, AWR and also Cluster Interconnect Tuning (RAC).  • Provided valuable inputs for various performance tuning issues.  • Proficient in performance tuning using Explain Plan, STATSPACK, TKPROF, AWR, ADDM. Performance Tuning of the database (Memory Tuning, I/O Tuning).  • Expert in Performance Tuning and Monitoring of Oracle Databases on Unix/Linux platform using database tuning, Tkprof, Explain plan, AWR and ADDM reports, Advisors as SQL Tuning, SQL Advice, Undo, Segment, MTTR, Memory.  • Refreshed/cloned databases using RMAN utility.  • Performed Database upgrade from Oracle 9i (9.2.0.7) to Oracle 10g (10.2.0.5) and to Oracle 11g (11.1.0.7) RAC database.  • Successful in applying RDBMS patches, security patches for improving the security and functionality of the databases.    Environment: Oracle 11.1.0.7, 11.2.0.3, IBM AIX V6.1, Suse Linux, RAC, ASM, RMAN, AWR, ADDM, SQL* Plus , SQL*Loader, OEM, TOAD 10.0.    Environment: HP-UX, Windows, Oracle, 10g, 11g, SQL, PL/SQL, SQL plus, TOAD Education Bachelor's Skills Database administration, Data modeling, Database, Sql server, Oltp Additional Information Professional Skills  • Delivering Oracle Database performance-tuning services for customers with Explain Plan, Tkprof, StatsPack, and SQL Trace.  • Excellent experience in Installation and configuration of Oracle 12c,11g, 10g,9i in UNIX/LINUX and Windows environment.  • Upgraded Databases from 9i to 10g, 10gto 11gand 11g to 12c on various platforms.  • Proficient in Database administration activities such as user management, space management, Monitoring, Creating Database, Managing Oracle Instance and Database security and Materialized Views.  • Performance Tuning of the database (Memory Allocation Tuning, I/O Tuning, Tuning Contentions) using oracle 11g tools like AWR, ADDM, Advisories, TKPROF, SQL TRACE,EXPLAIN PLAN for the better performance.  • Performance Monitoring and Tuning of Database using Grid Control & Diagnostic pack (AWR, ASH ADDM)  • Experience in taking Full and partial backups, Incremental and Cumulative backups using RMAN (Recovery Manager).  • Performed in upgrading SQL server software to new versions and applying service packs and patches.  • Performed in upgrading SQL server software to new versions and applying service packs and Recovery Planning, Security Management, Managing server and clients.  • Proficient with SQL server Management Studio, Scheduling jobs with SQL server Agent and SQL Profiler.  • Supported teams in resolving SQL Server Reporting services and T-SQL related issues.  • Experience in performing point in time recovery at times of necessity.  • Design and implement backup and recovery including disaster recovery structures.  • Familiar with Data Warehousing (ETL), Data mining and OLTP concepts and ASM, SAN.  • Extensive experience in Performance Tuning of database, instances, SGA, I/O, and Rollback segment using different methods and detecting locks.  • Wrote scripts to inform the DBA team on the status, performance and space management of the database  • Performance tuning of the database - SQL Tuning, Used Tuning utilities like STATSPACK, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN, AWR, ADDM and Tuning of SGA, distribution of disk I/O, Sizing of tables and indexes  • installed and configured Oracle 9i, 10g, 11g, 12c on Sun Solaris AIX, UNIX/LINUX, HP-UX and Windows environment.  • Synch -up database environments (DEV, QA) after each major release or production change.  • Implemented One node RAC and four node 11g RAC clusters on Linux platform and AIX LPARs having GPFS cooked SAN Storage.  • Provided support to the Database system Infrastructure area that had few critical Business Systems including TR, Bills Order and Tracking, Online Charges.  • Co-ordinate with UNIX administrators and management team for space management, problem resolution, capacity planning, software version control, evaluation and support on various servers.  • Established standby/cloned database via DataGuard for Database Disaster Recovery  • Employed predefined UNIX scripts to cleanup database files such as outdated archived redo logs and trace files out of bdump, udump and audit directories.  • Trouble shoot and Configured Sql*Net files according to client and server settings to transfer data.  • Worked on export/import, data pump and SQL Loader.  • Experienced in installation and configuration of Oracle cluster ware and Automatic Storage Management (ASM) in RAC environment.  • Experience in conversion of Single Node Instance to multimode RAC with ASM, and adding instance to existing RAC.  • Experience in Migration of Oracle Databases from non-RAC to RAC and non-ASM to ASM Instances.  • Experience in Real Application Clusters (RAC) setup with 4 nodes, configuration and cluster interconnection with Automatic Storage Management (ASM).  • Configured and maintained physical standby databases using Oracle Data Guard to perform quick disaster recovery.  • Experience in maintaining DataGuard to provide high availability by implementing physical standby database and snapshot standby and worked with Oracle 11g features, 11g Grid Control.  • Data warehouse analysis and design for diverse legacy system integration.  • Process/workflow analysis, project management from analysis and design for implementation.  • Conceptual data modeling, logical and physical data modeling.  • Extensive performance tuning experience, specializing in Operating System Tuning, SQL Tuning, Database/Instance Tuning.  • Participated in planning and implementation of off-site Disaster-Recovery planning and testing  • Worked with development and operations staff in resolving problems quickly and efficiently  • Oracle GOLDEN GATE for data sharing using EXTRACT, REPLICAT, DATAPUMP, MANAGER PREOCESS for Bidirectional, unidirectional, Broadcasting and consolidation topologies.    TECHNICAL SKILLS    Tuning Tools: TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN, STATSPACK, AWR, and ADDM  Tools and Utilites: RMAN, OEM, SQL*Loader, EXP, IMP, Data pump,, TOAD, Oracle SQL, Developer  RDBMS: Oracle 9i, 10g, 11g  Operating Systems: HP-UX 10.x, 11.x, 12c, Sun RHEL 2.1, 3.x, 4.x, 5.x.Linux Enterprise.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1186.html#209:::Linux Administrator;Linux Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Redhat;Linux Administrator;Linux;Red Hat;System Admin;Vmware;System Administrator:::Linux Administrator Linux <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Linux Administrator - Con-way Silver Spring, MD Work Experience Linux Administrator Con-way - Washington, DC 2014 to Present * Administer RHEL versions 6; 6.3, 6.4, 6.5,7.5 including troubleshooting both physical and virtual server issues  * Install RedHat Linux using kickstart and interactive installation and apply security polices for hardening the server based on company policies and procedures  * Maintain various Redhat/CentOS Linux environments  * Establish key root cause analysis findings facilitating recommendations on problem avoidance  * Perform application software installations, upgrades and troubleshooting along with server management  * Manage systems routine activities such as, scheduling cron jobs& configuring log rotate for automatic disk space management  * Handle hardware upgrade, Operating System upgrade, application installation, and testing  * Design Firewall rules for new servers to enable communication with application servers  * Install/configure Ansible Configuration Management Tool & added all the nodes to be managed by Ansible. Linux Administrator Dedicated Care Health Service Inc - Bowie, MD 2013 to 2014 * Installation and administration of RHEL 4.0/5.0 and CentOS 5  * Did system upgrades, operating system, and periodical patch upgrades  * Created Firewall rules for new servers to enable communication with applications  * Offered ideas for appropriate support packages/patches to maintain system integrity  * Performed capacity analysis and monitored and controlled disk space usage on systems  * Set up user/group login ID's, printing parameters, network configuration, and password and permissions issues Oracle Database Administrator Syniverse Technologies Inc - Tampa, FL 2010 to 2012 * Installed and configured Red Hat OS.  * Production support database on 9i, 10g and 11g versions with standalone and RAC environment.  * Supported database platform are Solaris 10 and Linux 6.  * Migrated databases from oracle 10g on Solaris 10 to oracle 11g on Linux on development, integration and production environment  * Upgraded databases from 9i to 10g, 10g to different 11g versions.  * Worked on Auditing and security with Oracle databases.  * Monitor and Configured Oracle 10g databases using OEM.  * Worked with Flash Recovery Area.  * Created and Managed user, table spaces, data files and archive log  * Performance Tuned and optimized SQL Query, SGA, and Disk I/O using Oracle Enterprise Manager and by monitoring the Stats pack report generated from snapshots  * Worked on oracle Public and Private Database Link.  * Applied client patches and other patches as required.  * Schedule jobs in crontab including RMAN backup and other memory maintenance, security jobs taken at the peak business hours.  * Identified and coordinated resolution of environment-related issues with personnel  * Supported end users and provided basic training to new users as required  * Communicated with application vendors for upgrades, enhancements, and technical support Education Associate in education Howard University - Washington, DC Skills Redhat, Linux Administrator, Linux, Red Hat, System Admin, Vmware, System Administrator
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1187.html#210:::IT SPECIALIST II;DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR;SYSTEM ADMINISTRATOR;AVIATION ELECTRONICS TECHNICIAN;Crm (Less than 1 year);Customer relationship management (Less than 1 year);Database (Less than 1 year);Employee resource group (Less than 1 year);Ids (1 year):::IT SPECIALIST II IT SPECIALIST II IT SPECIALIST II - UNIVERSITY OF SOUTH Buffalo, NY My objective is for a company to recognize my ability to quickly learn new complex technologies and be willing to trust in my abilities to take on related roles within their organization. Work Experience IT SPECIALIST II UNIVERSITY OF SOUTH December 2018 to Present Supervisor of Portland Card Office. Responsible for all HR functions for 6 administrative specialists. Identity and access management (IAM) student, faculty, and staff system and access provisioning. Information compliance FERPA, HIPAA, PCI-DSS. Hardware and software troubleshooting and ticketing with JIRA. Website editing using University CMS and content creation with Adobe Photoshop, website media creation and editing, HTML, CSS, basica JavaScript. DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR MAYER BROS September 2017 to April 2018 Created lean manufacturing project team. Managed backend database systems connected to ERP and CRM business applications. Generated daily reports using SQL queries. Managed vendors for all information systems. HRIS system management, performed employee training. SYSTEM ADMINISTRATOR MORPHOTRUST USA January 2016 to September 2017 Monitored government facility systems via IDS system. Used patch management tools to remotely monitor and update workstations and network devices. Performed vulnerability and threat assessments. Performed work using NIST framework guidelines. AVIATION ELECTRONICS TECHNICIAN US NAVY November 2011 to August 2015 Performed troubleshooting and repair of complex electronics and Red Hat (RHEL) Linux systems. Repaired radio and SatComm networks and antennas. Encrypted communication channels and data drives. Received Navy and Marine Corp Achievement medal for outstanding leadership. Education Master's in Cybersecurity EXCELSIOR COLLEGE July 2018 Bachelor's in English EXCELSIOR COLLEGE December 2014 Associate in Administrative Management Excelsior College February 2013 Skills Crm (Less than 1 year), Customer relationship management (Less than 1 year), Database (Less than 1 year), Employee resource group (Less than 1 year), Ids (1 year) Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+ May 2020 MTA Python Programming Present Optical Instrument Assembler Apprenticeship, Department of Labor August 2012 to Present Worked with various complex camera and lens systems to include high powered infrared and telescopic systems. (4000 hours - Status: Completed) Additional Information SKILLS  Cybersecurity - Network security, policy compliance, project management, performed vulnerability scanning and threat assessments. Common tools used - IDS/IPS (OSSIM, IPOST), Kali, Parrot, SELinux, RedHat, CentOS, Metasploit Console, Mitre ATT&CK, Lockheed Martin Kill Chain, Nmap, Wireshark, Cain&Abel, VMware Fusion, VirtualBox, OWASP.    Information Systems-  Windows S12/16, Domain Controller config, Active Directory, User credentialing, Group policy creation, PowerShell, LAMP, Python scripting, MySQL database, network device configuration. TCP/IP, routing, CRM (SuiteCRM, SaltOS (ERP))    MCY| A+CE|MTA  PAULIE2228@GMAIL.COM | 904-510-5361  167 WOODFORD ST. PORTLAND, ME 04103
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1188.html#211:::Insight Global - Business System Analyst contracted;Database Administrator;Database Architect;Data Warehouse Architect;Database Administrator III;Business System Analyst;Financial Business Analyst:::Insight Global - Business System Analyst contracted Insight Global - Business System Analyst contracted Business Analyst Denver, CO Looking for opportunities to provide in depth support and assist clients in application consolidation and enhancement endeavors, improving profitability levels by making suggestions in cross functional and business areas.  My strengths include business process improvement, risk compliance, User experience (UX) design, able to work on numerous projects simultaneously including project management activities in ERP implantation including waterfall and agile SCRUM methodology for software development lifecycle. Work Experience Insight Global - Business System Analyst contracted Wells Fargo Bank - Office June 2017 to September 2018 of CIO    Began working as a Business Analyst on ERP implementation project working within in Agile SCRUM methodology environment and testing and developing business and functional requirements for the User experience (UX) design and web based applications for salesforce executives and CIOs.  Accomplishments:  I generated 7 business requirement documentation (BRD), 5 Functional Specification design documentation (FSD), across several work streams and supported the risk and regulatory application compliance issues  Became a technical requirement SME (subject matter expert) based on my requirements gathering and documenations.  Successfully completed data migration of current database into Oracle enterprise data warehouse for existing scheduled reports using SSRS reporting tools. Assisted system architects and system architects in creating documentation to data management stating the "To Be" or future state of the table schema designs.  Responsibilities:  Supporting the transformation PMO and brokerage technology offices with system requirements gathering, data analysis of specific UI/UX technical redesign and business needs to ensure risk and regulatory functional compliance.  Working to stay compliant with standardizing and rationalizing UI/UX applications across the enterprise by effectively communicating between both business and technology partner to synthesize their needs.  Elicit and develop business and functional requirements which consist of over 3,000 projects and report on and divide up by amongst business analyst team and CIOs to complete project plans in short intervals.  Responsible for reviewing current end user reporting data using SSRS data tools and documenting for business stakeholders, developers or decision makers on ways to increase efficiency in utilizing the existing enterprise data warehouse and creating new SQL login and permissions to for end users to access reports.  Document user functional requirements and translate into user case scenarios for development testing. Database Administrator Security One Solutions April 2015 to April 2016 Fannie Mae - Security Operations and Biometric Technology  Transition to Biometrics Security, working with risk and software compliance to update software and product licensing, costs and optimizing software asset management capabilities that added referential integrity to company data. I began managing the workflows and risk-based systems, by developing technical documentation, and test plans, specific to product development strategies and training for users/clients.  Provided business system analysis and using content development and implement specific product structure strategies to target development of the digital products. Installed the upgraded visitor management system with successful user interface (UI) compatibility testing and graphical user guides for ongoing development.  Perform troubleshooting to correct programming bugs and overnight system defects.  Worked closely with developers to create and design databases. Designed tables and indexes to normalize database and maximize performance using integration services - SSIS SQL data tools.  Extract data from SharePoint document libraries and load into SQL Server and deploy models into SQL Server SSAS instance. Creating SSRS reports using tabular module to prove database functionality.  Provide technical assistance to team on various MS queries and support ad hoc request/reports. Maintained IT SharePoint /Web Page for easier access to documents.  Prepared materials and trained operations and implementation groups for new Biometric and Security Reservation control software. Database Architect Alion Science & Technology August 2013 to April 2015 Lead Architect of the day to day tactical client operation teams.  Accomplishments:  Provided Client (NAVSEA) with SharePoint access generated survey model to gather all service delivery processes and critical data needed for reporting and special projects. It provided accurate and timely metrics allowing a new reporting strategy that enhanced sign off approval of outgoing work and ensured all Service Level Agreements are met.  Developed database design applications for NAVSEA/NAVSEA 05 workload model for unplanned events and workload demand forecasting based on historical data.  Create interfaces for data transfer mechanisms, global temporary tables, load-balancing processes to access generic database structure.  Support business applications and database design by enforcing database development standards for shipbuilding.  Develop dataset designs for data retrieval and to create future workforce structure projects.  Transforming Crystal Reports into Telerik Reporting Software tools using Microsoft Visual Studios 2012 and utilizing SQL stored procedures. For the LPD project using the current LPD database. Performing Extraction, Translation and Load balance tools to recreate the reports into the Telerik Software. Data Warehouse Architect URAC December 2010 to March 2013 Accomplishments:  Participated in new business features to support field workers in transformation of legacy data and file systems. I received certification in SAS 9.2 tool to create ad hoc statistical queries and reports, pulled from the SQL based business intelligence tool and exported to excel or SharePoint Dashboards for business consumption.  Configured queries and reports using Microsoft SQL Server Management Configurations, and maintained integrity of the Metadata Management in SAS 9.2, Data Modeling and Data Quality of Microsoft: SharePoint 2010.  Implementation and design of SharePoint 2010 web portal Design and Implementation of SharePoint 2010 for collaboration and report document management.  Performed enterprise data warehouse cleanup by extracting data from source systems and transforming data to meet business/functional requirements and loading into new database systems (such as SharePoint). Database Administrator III Northrop Grumman June 2010 to October 2010 Accomplishments:  As part of the application service delivery team for deployment of quality database solutions, I provided software test records and permanent change reports for customers.  Perform back and recovery and tuning of indexes and databases in adherence to corporate policies, procedures and standards.  Using VBA programming to create and maintain ad hoc queries, reports, forms, tables while making updating and maintaining version controls for the various departmental databases.  Analysis, design and implementation and testing of Microsoft access databases and SAP transactions and forms. Business System Analyst AOL August 2008 to November 2009 As a change management specialist, I partnered with the organizational teams and company to implement ongoing changes to achieve organizational training guides needs for users.  Prepare team proposals and gather sample documentation and materials using the knowledge exchange for items such as graphics and statements of work.  Create company organizational chart while updating and maintaining resume documentation on the SharePoint site database website.  Conducted staff training sessions and standards using a metrics of work or standard of work (SOW) for the implementation of Hyperion software. Financial Business Analyst Sunrise Senior Living June 2006 to February 2007 Transition from PeopleSoft 7.5 into PeopleSoft 8.8 software upgrade, responsible for advising private companies and government agencies in terms of financial and investment groups related to reporting needs.  Accomplishments:  Generated financial data that is used by management that foster business growth to include financial reports, presenting data to executives, making recommendations that setup financial data security and analysis procedures.  Help Desk support via Heat and Magic Ticketing System, email and phone.  Created combo edit and system crosswalk reference table to ensure seamless transition from 7.5 to 8.8.  Responsible for moving, tuning, testing, and reconciling nVision and Query reports daily while maintaining the layouts, scopes, report requests and queries for reports.  Develop client specific PeopleSoft system test scripts based on application development, client expectations and researching/ analyzing specific business requirements.  Troubleshooting ad hoc report queries and reports from PeopleSoft network drive to LAN daily. Education Bachelor Degree in Information Technology Old Dominion University May 2006
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1189.html#212:::SQL Database Administrator;Web Developer/Programmer;JavaScript , HTML5 ,CSS3, J Query, React.js, Mongoose, Bootstrap, Materialize, Express js, MySQL, MongoDB, SQL, TSQL, Firebase, Heroku, Postman Other: Git, Bash, Flask, AJAX, Node.js, Microsoft Office Suite, Restful APIs, Sequelize (3 years);Front End;React;Javascript;UI;Angular:::SQL Database Administrator SQL <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Web Developer Oakland, CA Certificate in Full Stack Web Development with a background in Computer Science and life-long dedication to learning. Effective at combining creativity and problem solving to develop user-friendly applications. Known among staff for strong wit and attention to detail no matter the complexity of the project. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience SQL Database Administrator Data group USA - Alexandria, VA 2016 to 2019 ·      Upgraded over 20 SQL servers to the latest service pack level in a 3-month period.  ·      Improved vital processing jobs by reducing process duration by 60%.  ·      Enrolled users, maintained system security, and controlled and monitored user access to the database, operating 24/7, with 40-50 concurrent users at any given time. Web Developer/Programmer Inland Revenue Department - Asmara,Eritrea 2013 to 2016 •    Created new forms to collect and validate data from the user in HTML5 and JavaScript, which improved completion rate by 55%.  •     Created new forms to collect and validate data from the user in HTML5 and JavaScript, which improved completion rate by 55%.  •   Implemented rigorous process for cross-browser testing in IE, Mozilla and Chrome, which corrected layout issues on 4 main site pages.  • Managed multiple projects with a team of backend engineers and QA from planning to website launch. Education Certificate in Web Developer UC Berkeley Extension - Berkeley, CA 2019 to 2019 certificate in SQL Data Base Administration Data Group USA - Alexandria, VA 2016 to 2016 Computer Science University of Asmara - Asmara, Eritrea 2002 to 2006 Skills JavaScript , HTML5 ,CSS3, J Query, React.js, Mongoose, Bootstrap, Materialize, Express js, MySQL, MongoDB, SQL, TSQL, Firebase, Heroku, Postman Other: Git, Bash, Flask, AJAX, Node.js, Microsoft Office Suite, Restful APIs, Sequelize (3 years), Front End, React, Javascript, UI, Angular Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/wedebfesshaye Additional Information Certificate in Web Developer  Certificate in SQL Data Base Administration  BA in Computer science
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\119.html#213:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Copper Mobile - Dallas, TX February 2016 to September 2018 • Worked with customer for different RAC related issue: [hangcheck timer, split brain, hugepages setup etc]; Troubleshoot performance issues for the RAC instances (GC events)  • Ensuring load balancing in RAC by creating services for different purposes based on the application requirement and also defined TAF policy for RAC instances.  • Performed Replication using materialized views with a complete refresh/Fast refresh.  • Development of policy and procedures as they relate to database maintenance, security and archiving.  • Monitoring and maintaining 2/3 node RAC database on Red Hat Linux. Providing support to the development team and handling release schedules.  • Maintaining sound backup and recovery policies and procedures using RMAN. Monitoring the scheduled backup procedures for daily basis using crontab.  • Database refreshes using export /import and datapump. Used RDA, ADDM and AWR reports to monitor the database performance.  • Creating, granting and monitoring user access rights and privileges through roles and profiles.  • Providing instance level performance monitoring and tuning for Event Waits, Sessions, Physical and Logical IO and Memory Usage with the help AWR and ADDM Reports.  • Automatic Shared Memory Management (ASMM) for Performance diagnosis/tuning and Automatic Segment Space Management (ASSM)  • Supported development effort by providing SQL statement tuning and optimizing ETL procedures and removing load and query performance bottlenecks by using tools Explain Plan, SQL Trace, TKPROF, TOAD and Oracle Enterprise Manager.  • Applying upgrade patch, maintenance and interim (opatch) patches on all the databases.  • Refreshing Dev and Test instances with data from Production on a regular basis.  • Developed PL/SQL packages, DML, DDL, Oracle tables, Stored Procedures, functions, cursors, triggers and UNIX shell scripts.  • Generated and automated Statspack/AWR reports from Oracle database and analyzed the reports for Oracle wait events, time consuming SQL queries, table space growth, and database growth.  • Involved in SQL Query tuning and provided tuning recommendations to ERP jobs, time/CPU consuming queries.  • Used Explain Plan, Oracle hints and creation of new indexes, identifying the join methods (Nested/Hash/Merge join/Sort merge join) between the row sources for tables, to improve the performance of SQL statements.  • Addressed developers/testers requests to clone production databases for the purposes of testing using RMAN.  • Applied PSU Patches (10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4) as a part of maintenance activity.  • Extensively used Datapump, conventional export/import utilities for loading data to & from databases, logical backups and migration of databases.  • Monitoring and optimizing the performance of the database/application using OEM along with homespun scripts.  • Capacity planning: Allocate system storage and plan future storage requirements.  • Worked on SQL tuning using SQL Tuning Advisor, SQL Access Advisor, SQL Profiler and SQL Optimizer, Foglight.  • Monitoring rollback segment and temporary table space use.  • Performing housekeeping tasks like checking log and trace files.  • Performing database refreshes, migration and performance tuning of PeopleSoft application environments.  • Setup and maintenance of Physical Standby Database using Data Guard Broker and active Data Guard for faster Disaster Recovery.  • Installed and Configured OEM grid control for maintenance administering the databases.  • Daily Health Checkup of all the Databases using Oracle Enterprise Manager 12c.  • UsedDatabase Configuration Assistant (DBCA), Database Upgrade Assistant (DBUA) for upgrading Oracle10gR2 to the latest Oracle 11gR2 and applied patches as required.  • Performed full and incremental backups using RMAN for development and production databases.  • Database cloning from Production to Test and Development environments.  • Extensively worked on applying patches (CPU&PSU) whenever required.  • Schema Refreshing of databases using normal copy method and exp/imp utility.  • Cloning database and schemas using Data pump for 10g and 11g versions.  • Cloning 10g and 11g databases using RMAN duplication (with and without backup).  • ASM Disk storage and user Management  • Monitoring the Hit Ratios and tuning the System Global Area (SGA) accordingly.  • Performance tuning for optimized results using tools like EXPLAIN PLAN, SQL*Trace, TKPROF, STATSPACK, AWR, ADDM.  • Troubleshooting of various database performances by proper diagnosis at all levels like SQL, PL/SQL, database design, database tables, indexes, Instance, memory, and operating system.  • Knowledge in Oracle Data warehouse DBA skills relating to administration and management of VLDB environments, Oracle OLTP.  • Experience in writing UNIX/SHELL scripts for providing the reports.  • Installed and configured Oracle 11g database on a test server using Oracle standard procedures and OFA, for performance testing and future 10g production implementation. Oracle Database Administrator Walgreen Company - Deerfield, IL March 2014 to January 2016 • Successfully installed and configured Oracle 11.1.0.7, Oracle 10.2.0.5 databases on AIX platforms.  • Monitored different databases and application servers using Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) 10g Grid Control.  • Loading data from flat files to database using SQL*Loader, External Tables.  • Automated the processes like moving files, managing alert log, efficient backup by developing UNIX scripts.  • Involved in the installation, configuration and extended support to Oracle 11g, 10g two Node RAC (Real Application Cluster) with ASM file system on AIX platform.  • Involved in converting a single instance database to Oracle 11g, 10g RAC databases.  • Installed ASM environment and migrated databases from NON-ASM to ASM.  • Used TOAD for database management.  • Performed SQL and PL/SQL tuning, oracle contention and monitored production database using automatic workload repository (AWR), automatic database diagnostic monitor (ADDM) and Active Session History (ASH).  • Installing, configuring and maintaining Enterprise Manager Cloud Control to monitor and manage Exadata and regular databases  • Configuring Data Guard to ensure high availability, data protection and disaster recovery for enterprise data.  • Developed RMAN Cold Backup Script to take backups automatically every week for about 200 databases vary in size from 200GB to 2TB and automated the process through crontab.  • Ran Scripts for Health Check on Exadata Storage Servers.  • Worked closely with the Oracle developers for the better performance in Applications in writing the Packages, Triggers and Indexes on the tables.  • Database refreshes using expdp, impdp, RMAN Duplicate and cloning.  • Experienced in cloning the databases using HOT and COLD backups.  • Used RMAN Duplicate and HOT/COLD backups to migrate the data from 11.1.0.7 to 11.2.0.3.  • Made optimal use of Oracle Support in resolving the SRs.  • 24 X 7 Production & Development database support and administration.  • Extensively used AWR, ADDM and explain plan for periodic performance tuning.  • Implementing Datapump, conventional export/import utility of Oracle 11g, 10g for re-organizing Databases/Schemas/Tables to improve the performance.  • Used import/export utilities for cloning/migration of small sized databases and Datapump import/export to move data between 9i and 10g/11g environments.  • Implemented proactive monitoring using Tuning Pack, Diagnostics Pack, and STATSPACK, SQL Trace & TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN.  • Database monitoring/maintenance, replication process and performance tuning are done using OEM (Oracle Enterprise Manager).  • Experience in implementation of enterprise databases on enterprise Storage Solutions using Storage area Networks (SAN) and Network attached storage (NAS).  • Documented the Standard Processes for peers to follow.  • Applying upgrade patch, maintenance and interim (opatch) patches on all the databases.  • Implemented Flashback technology of the Oracle 11g, 10g along with Recyclebin for a faster recovery of the databases and database objects.  • Performed full & incremental backup (cumulative and differential) using RMAN and implemented recovery strategies.  • Refreshed/cloned databases using RMAN utility.  • Performed Database upgrade from Oracle 9i (9.2.0.7) to Oracle 10g (10.2.0.5) and to Oracle 11g (11.1.0.7) RAC database.  • Successful in applying RDBMS patches, security patches for improving the security and functionality of the databases.  • Achieved optimized performance for the databases by rebuilding indexes, on tables and indexes. Additional Information SKILLS SUMMARY    • I am a seasoned IT professional with 6 years of experience in the field of Database Technology. I have supported production, Test and Development environments. Supported 10g, 11g, and 12c versions.  • Shell scripting  • Implemented various backup strategies for Large / Medium sized databases using RMAN  • SDLC experience  • Knowledge of MySQL maintenance best practices  • Worked extensively on Cloning /Duplicate of databases using RMAN.  • Experience with various database Backup and Recovery methods like PITR, TSPITR, Export/Import and Flashback Technologies.  • Migrated databases from Non-ASM file system to ASM file system using RMAN.  • Production experience with Oracle Exadata.  • Experience in tuning data structures, indexing and queries.  • Upgrading and Migration of Oracle database to higher version and other platforms using manual method and traditional Export/Import, datapump & Transportable Tablespace (TTS).  • Experience in coding SQL, PL/SQL package, function, stored procedure, triggers, and Materialized view for Oracle database.  • Hands on experience with logical backups, Hot/Cold backups, Recovery, and cloning of databases using (RMAN) Recovery Manager, SQL-Backtrack, VERITAS Net Backup.  • Disk Space Management involving managing archives, space allocation to various tablespaces and also capacity planning for new applications.  • Expertise in Configuring RMAN with Catalog /Nocatalog and worked on Point-In-Time Recovery and flashback.  • Applying Patches, Critical Patch Update/Patch Set update and One-off Patches using OPatch. Experience in patching RAC databases in rolling fashion to maintain high availability.  • RDS - AWS experience  • Skilled in query development and tuning  • Experience in tuning database and memory components for optimal performance using AWR, ADDM and ASH reports.  • Experienced in installation and configuration of Oracle cluster ware and Automatic Storage Management (ASM) in RAC environment.  • Experience in conversion of SingleNodeInstance to multimode RAC with ASM, and adding instance to existing RAC.  • Experience in Migration of Oracle Databases from non-RAC to RAC and non-ASM to ASM Instances.  • Experience in Real Application Clusters (RAC) setup with 4 nodes, configuration and cluster interconnection with Automatic Storage Management (ASM).  • Experience with network data encryption to improve the security and also implemented SSL wallet to secue the connection  • Implemented oracle TDE to provide transparent enecryption of data to support submission efforts with of oracle 11g R2.  • Configured and maintained physical standby databases using Oracle Data Guard to perform quick disaster recovery.  • Experience in maintaining Data Guard to provide high availability by implementing physical standby database and snapshot standby and worked with Oracle 11g features, 11g Grid Control.  • Good knowledge v$ performance views and command line skills to identify information about sessions, wait events, system performance etc  • Involved in tuning applications for optimal response time using SQL /Optimizer Trace at various levels and events, Explain Plan, TKprof, Oradebug and also identifying the poor SQL's,histograms, row chaining & row migrations and tune accordingly.  • MySQL experience  • Exposure to SQL Tuning Advisor, SQL Profiles, SQL Monitoring, SQL Access Advisor, SQL Baselines and SQLTXTRACT tools and utilities.  • Troubleshoot Database performance issues with use of PROCWATCHER, ORACHK, Cluster health monitor and Other Oracle support suggested utilities and alos used OS related utilities like NMON,SAR, OSWATCHER, pstack, pmap ,top, topas ,vmstat, iostat, prstat, strace etc  • Implemented various Partition techniques to achieve availability, performance and manageability of large tables and indexes  • Performing day-to-day database administration tasks like Tablespace usage, checking alert log, trace files, monitoring disk usage, Table/index analyze jobs, database backup logs etc.  • Extensive experience designing and implementing backup and recovery strategy for databases using Recovery Manager (RMAN), traditional Export/ Import, Export/Import Datapump as well as conventional Hot/Cold Backups.  • Plugging the tablespace between different platforms using Cross platform transportable tablespace Utility.  • Collecting performance statistics using Statspack/AWR (Automatic Workload  • Repository) and ADDM (Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor).  • Used TKPROF utility and Explain Plan for tuning SQL queries.  • Experience in regular DBA activities such as Upgrades, Patches, TAR support, Cloning,  • Backups and Recovery Manager, Performance Tuning, Capacity Planning and  • documentation Memory tuning by using ASMM (Automatic shared Memory Management). Sort area size, Buffer cache, Shared pool size, Different pools like Recycle pool, Keep pool.  • Experience supporting large, highly available, distributed, enterprise production database systems.  • Experienced with Shell Scripting and Linux Architecture  • Setup Monitoring scripts which helped prevent financial loss for client  • Created Scripts to log failed transactions and find their root cause.  • Rebuilding of Indexes for better performance, User Management, Tablespace  • management, maintenance of Oracle Database.  • Installing Oracle patches, Migration of database across releases.  • Experience in Monitoring and Tuning system resources associated with the database performance, hit ratios, I/O, lock, and latch contention.  • Expertise in loading data from flat files using external tables, SQL* Loader.  • Experience with SQL, PL/SQL, UNIX Scripting.  • Hands on experience in tuning mappings, identifying and resolving performance bottlenecks in various levels like sources, targets, mappings, and sessions.  • Strong problem-solving skills  • Willingness to work with new technologies  • Ability to work in fast paced environment  • Excellent analytical, problem solving, communication and interpersonal skills    TECHNICAL SKILLS    Operating Systems HP-UX 10.x, 11.x. Sun Solaris 2.5, 2.6, 8, 9, 10. AIX 5.1, 5.2, 5.3, 6.1 RHEL 2.1, 3.x, 4.x, 5.x.Linux Enterprise Server 9, 10. Windows 95/98/NT/2000  RDBMS Oracle 10g, 11g, 12c  Languages SQL, PL/SQL, UNIX Shell Scripting, PERL  Tools  TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN, STATSPACK, AWR, and ADDM.Toad, Putty, NX client, Winscp, Remote Desktop Connection, VNC, Team Viewer, LogMeIn and Cisco VPN Client    Database Utilities  SQL*Plus, Oracle Enterprise Manager, Real Application Cluster, ASM, Transportable Tablespaces, SQL*Loader, RMAN, DataPump, Export, Import
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1190.html#214:::Database Administrator;Management Information Systems Student;DBA;Sql Dba;Sql Server;Microsoft Office;Teamwork;T-Sql;Time Management;Requirements Gathering;Sql Database:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator Reading, PA Work Experience Database Administrator Webstaurant Store - Lititz, PA 2016 to 2018 Developed against databases to drive business solutions. Collaborated with developers to identify opportunities for data structure improvement. Wrote database queries and SQL utilities to perform data extract, data tuning, and analysis. Generated reports to validate assumptions and recommend solutions.  * Established and implemented best practices; optimized existing queries to perform better against servers, aiming to decrease execution time from several seconds or minutes down to 1 second or less.  * Mastered SQL Server in less than one year.  * Recognized for exemplary work as lead DBA on multiple projects; managed databases for cross-functional teams in collaboration with Customer Service, Claims, and Order Processing Development teams. Management Information Systems Student Shippensburg University of Pennsylvania - Shippensburg, PA 2011 to 2015 Applied knowledge of programming concepts and database applications to manage IT projects from conception to completion. Relevant coursework included Programming Concepts, Business Programming, Business Systems Analysis & Design, Database Application, Corporate Cybersecurity, Telecommunications & Distributed Processing, E-Commerce & Technology Integration, and Applied Project Management.  * Successfully created and delivered customizable database management solution; integrated SDLC into planning and designing scheduling system for auto repair company.  * Designed customized website using client and server-side HTML coding for simulated e-commerce company. Education Bachelor of Science in Business Administration in Management Information Systems in Business Administration Shippensburg University of Pennsylvania - Shippensburg, PA 2015 Skills DBA, Sql Dba, Sql Server, Microsoft Office, Teamwork, T-Sql, Time Management, Requirements Gathering, Sql Database
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1191.html#215:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Database Administrator;Sql Server;Oracle Dba:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - VERIZON Silver Spring, MD I have over 6+ years Oracle Database Administration experience. I have worked on Installing and configuring different Oracle versions like Oracle 12c, 11g and 10g, running on different platforms including Linux, HP-UIX and Unix. I have monitored and managed databases of varied sizes ranging from 40GB to 2TB across the SDLC. I have worked for Production support on performance tuning, backup and recovery, database security, data migration, managing/monitoring databases, database/schema refreshes, cloning, data Replication. I have done Project work on Patch/Upgrade Installation, configured a Physical Standby Data guard, 2 node RAC and Golden Gate for Oracle High Availability Solutions and attended seminars on Data warehouse and data modeling. I have also supported some applications like PeopleSoft HR, FN and CRM.    PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY  ? Managing/Monitoring databases using OEM, ORACLE GRID CONTROL, Multitenant Architecture, Data Pump, SRVCTL, RMAN, SQL*Loader, Export, Import, PL/SQL, SQL*Plus, SVRMGR,Listener, AGENT Tuning using EXPLAIN PLAN, SQL Trace, AWR, ADDM, SGA tuning, Stats Pack and tuning of initialization parameters and Using custom scripts made by SQL developers.    ? Implementing Advanced Database Security using auditing, Transparent Data Encryption (TDE), Data Redaction and data masking. Creating/managing profiles, users, granting and revoking roles and privileges    ? Experienced with Data Migration of Oracle Databases across same and different platforms using DataPump, Export/Import, Transportable Tablespaces(TTS), RMAN Cloning and Schema Refreshes    ? Experienced in Performance Monitoring, Tuning and Troubleshooting where I tune the Network, OS, Instance, application and the database using tools such as TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN, Optimizer, ASH, AWR, ADDM, SQL Trace, SQL Access advisor(SAA), SQL tuning advisor(STA).    ? Experienced Doing User Managed backups (Hot/Cold), db. Recovery using RMAN, Logical Backups using data pump and RMAN db. cloning using multiple backup strategies like full db. backups, level 0 db. backups, level 1 db. backups, incremental differential db. backups, incremental cumulative db. backups and tuning backups to meet recovery needs. Knowledge of Database Recovery Techniques like performing recovery of full database, PIT recovery, critical and non-critical datafile recovery and implementation of those recovery techniques to ensure business continuity.    ? Configuration and Installation of RAC for few instances to promote high availability, improved performance and scalability and on RAC systems did CRS upgrade, ASM upgrade, DB Upgrade and OEM Agent Upgrade    ? Configuration and Implementation of Data Guard Physical / Logical Standby Database and Monitoring / Resolving on and off Gap or lagging issues    ? Experience the application of database Patches and Upgrade from 10g to 11g to 12c using "runInstaller" and DBUA including testing and applying security Quarterly Patches for security and bug fixes using PSU, PS, OPATCH UTILITY.    Tools Used: RMAN, Data pump, SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator VERIZON - Irving, TX December 2018 to Present • Supporting multiple databases for production, development, test and staging purposes on Linux/UNIX environments.  • Setup and monitored multi-4 node RAC to RAC Data Guard with real time apply for Disaster recovery and offload backups.  • Created Physical Standby databases using RMAN from a 4-node production primary database and performed Failover and Switchover using Data Guard Broker and manually as required.  • Refreshing Dev and Test instances with data from Production on a regular basis.  Worked on Configuring OEM 12c console and installed OEM 12c agents on Linux platform using push method from console and silent method.  • Developed compliance reports and performed auditing at levels by scheduling activities like gathering Database, schema statistics, exports, table space usage report using crontab.  • Redesigned table and index partitioning strategies, using HINTS to improve the query performance.  • Provided instance level performance monitoring and tuning for Event Waits, Sessions, Physical and Logical I/O and Memory Usage.  • Supported development teams offshore by providing SQL statement tuning and optimizing procedures and removing load and query performance bottlenecks by using tools like EXPLAIN PLAN, STATSPACK, and TKPROF.  • Training on AWS on how to create IAM users and giving them permissions EBS, S3 Backups, EFS, EC2 instances, creating groups, Security groups and AWS Hub to migrate from on prem to cloud.  • Provided 24X7 support for all the production and development databases.    WORK EXPIRIENCE Oracle Database Administrator RILEY TECHNOLOGIES - Mooresville, NC February 2014 to December 2018 • Supporting multiple databases for production, development, test and staging purposes on Linux/UNIX, Sun Solaris and Windows environments.  • Setup and monitored multi-node RAC to RAC Data Guard with real time apply for Disaster recovery and offload backups.  • Configured and worked in Oracle GoldenGate installation, configuration, troubleshooting GoldenGate issues.  • Used Golden gate for zero downtime upgrate and migration.  • Implemented Data Guard with high availability and performance configurations and participated in Data Guard Failover tests.  • Created Physical Standby databases using RMAN, performed Failover and Switchover using Data Guard Broker and manually as and when required.  • Applied database patches using Opatch utility for RAC and Standalone databases & building Clone instances for Development and Test teams.  • Enhanced and enforced advanced security options such as TDE on sensitive information.  • Applying upgrade patch, maintenance and interim (Opatch) patches on all the databases.  • Refreshing Dev and Test instances with data from Production on a regular basis.  • Developed PL/SQL packages, DML, DDL, Oracle tables, Stored Procedures, functions, cursors, triggers and UNIX shell scripts.  • Created a Clone Database using RMAN on remote Server and used SRVCTL commands for Real Application Cluster (RAC) Databases.  • Thorough knowledge in setting up infrastructure for databases in huge datacenters.  • Installed Oracle 11g on Linux platform using ASM.  • Worked on Configuring OEM 12c console and installed OEM 12c agents on all different platforms using push method from console and also using silent method.  • Planning, Implementing and Validating various versions of Oracle Databases to 12c Release & upgrades on all the environments (in a procedural approach Dev, Test, Stage, QA and Production) also planning of back out procedures like downgrades/building parallel environments and also working on proof of concept for Oracle 12c upgrades.  • RMAN point in time recovery and instance recovery done on 11g.  • Developed compliance reports and performed auditing at higher levels.  • Scheduling repetitive activities like gathering schema statistics, exports, table space usage report using crontab.  • Installed and configured Oracle OEM 12c on test environments. Used OEM extensively to monitor the general health and troubleshoot/diagnose problems in the environment both on server, database level and also most importantly at the Sql level to identify and subpar sql queries. Configuring custom metrics, monitoring templates and alerts set up based on individual dba preference and also tailored to application requirements.  • Redesigned table and index partitioning strategies, using HINTS to improve the query performance.  • Developed, modified and optimized very complex queries to data retrieval Explain Plan, SQL Trace, TKPROF, parallel processing and partitioning using techniques.  • Monitoring the CPU, memory usage, I/O contention on servers using top, iostat, SAR, glance, vmstat etc.  • Analyzing STATSPACK, AWR, ADDM and TKPROF and 10046 traces for diagnosing the root cause of the issue.  • Installed and configured Oracle 11g database on a test server using Oracle standard procedures and OFA, for performance testing and future 10g production implementation.  • Implemented and managed optimum physical database design (tablespaces, datafiles, extents, redo logs, archive logs) and assessed database capacity by monitoring online storage, growth and file system space, in adherence to the Optimal Flex Architecture  • Provided instance level performance monitoring and tuning for Event Waits, Sessions, Physical and Logical IO and Memory Usage.  • Recovered huge Database (1 Terabyte) when UNDO tablespace got corrupted in Real Application Cluster (RAC)  • Experience in setting. up Oracle ASM storage for Oracle RAC databases  • Responsible for the smooth functioning of all ecommerce activities of the organization.  • Successfully implemented Backup & Recovery using RMAN which includes hot backups and Cold backups.  • Worked extensively on Performance tuning of Queries by maintaining Aggregates, Compression, partition, indexing and use of Hints, Stored outlines, Statistics.  • Supported development teams by providing SQL statement tuning and optimizing ETL procedures and removing load and query performance bottlenecks by using tools EXPLAIN PLAN, STATSPACK, and TKPROF.  • Assist in SQL tuning and providing consultation such as creating materialized views, adding indices, dropping unnecessary indices, using hints wherever possible, amongst others.  • Troubleshooting of various database performances by proper diagnosis at all levels like SQL, PL/SQL, database design, database tables, indexes, instance, memory, operating system and java calls.  • Knowledge in Oracle Data warehouse DBA skills relating to administration and management of VLDB environments, Oracle OLTP.  • Training on AWS to create VPC, EC2 instances,S3 Backups, Security groups and AWS Hub to migrate from on premise to cloud.  Environment: Oracle 10g/11g/12c, RAC/10g/11g/12c, Oracle VMS, Sun Solaris, Windows Server 2003, Red Hat Linux, TOAD, RMAN, SQL server, OEM. Database Administrator BARCLAYS - Dallas, TX June 2012 to February 2014 • Cloned/Migrated databases using RMAN and traditional Datapump export/import utilities in Oracle 10g.  • Work and managed Sql Server databases with tools like Sql server management studio and Aquadata studio.  • Created Oracle Wallets and implemented Tablespace level TDE security.  • Implemented recovery strategies whenever required and successfully recovered databases in case database crash, media/disk failures by using RMAN.  • Scheduling the Physical backups (hot & cold) in CRON-tab using RMAN utility and monitoring the scheduled jobs.  • Responsible for Creating Users, Groups, Roles, Profiles and assigning the users to groups and grant necessary privileges to the relevant groups.  • Used SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN utilities for optimizing and tuning SQL queries.  • Maintained the data integrity and security using integrity constraints and database triggers.  • Provided 24X7 support for all the production and development databases.  • Strong skills in applying security patches (Patch set, Critical Patch Updates (CPU) / Patch Set Updates (PSU), One-off Patch) using "runInstaller" and PERL based utility "opatch" from 10g to 11g and 12c.  • Highly experienced in implementing Oracle's Transportable Tablespace (TTS) feature using Datapump Export/Import (Oracle 11g, 10g) allowing users to quickly move a user tablespace across Oracle databases.  • Expertise in implementing data refreshes (at database, schema and table level) using RMAN utility and Datapump, conventional Export/Import of Oracle 11g, 10g.  • Performed Installation and configuration of Oracle 11.2.0.1 database on HP-UX platform.  • Successfully performed migrations from Oracle 10g to 11g RAC (Real Application) Database.  • Successfully migrated 12c Non CDB databases to pluggable databases.  • Constantly monitor the performance (V$ dynamic performance views at peak load) of the Databases and viewing Alert log files & Trace files.  • Used to run scripts to check the status of databases such as growing table sizes, extent allocation, free space, used space, fragmentation etc.  • Performed space management, capacity planning, disaster recovery and overall maintenance of the databases.  • Worked extensively with Physical Standby database, troubleshooting, switchover and switchback with Physical standby setup.  • Successfully performed data replication using Materialized views and Oracle Streams in Oracle 10g. Education Bachelor's Skills Sql Server, Oracle Dba
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1192.html#216:::Technical Expert Data Analytics Mentor;Database Administrator;Database Analyst;Workflow Specialist:::Technical Expert Data Analytics Mentor Technical Expert Data Analytics Mentor Database Administrator / App Developer Columbus, GA Work Experience Technical Expert Data Analytics Mentor Thinkful Inc - New York, NY April 2019 to Present • Assisted students of all ability levels to develop technical skills  • Advised students on Thinkful curriculum in 1 on 1 meetings  • Applied advanced teaching techniques to facilitate learning of concepts and principals in programming Database Administrator Muscogee County School District - Columbus, GA December 2016 to Present • Designed and maintained databases for district applications,  custom reporting and execution logging purposes  • Managed district Operational Data Store (ODS) warehouse  • Designed and published Common Language Run time  assemblies to SQL Server containing data science models to predict student progress / risks / grades  • Created Integration scripts (SQL, Python, VB, C#) and processes  for data integration and maintenance  • Utilized rest APIs to load, update and delete district data from vendor API endpoints  • Designed MVC web applications for school district projects  • Developed SSIS Integration packages to output student and employee data files for vendor integration  • Designed and published SSRS reports for business units to display  production data, grades and report cards  • Setup and maintained source control for mission critical  databases through (TFSC) team foundation source control Database Analyst Total System Services - Columbus, GA May 2015 to November 2016 • Optimized queries and manipulated database objects to improve SQL instance performance  • Built, debugged and customized reporting solutions  • Scheduled database jobs utilizing the SSMS Job agent  • Developed data architecture to perform targeted customer  analysis Workflow Specialist Aflac Group - Columbia, SC June 2014 to June 2015 • Gathered data and created reports for department directors  • Maintained data integrity for SLA reporting  • Gathered and documenting business requirements Education Master of Science in Computer Science Columbus State University - Columbus, GA 2018 BBA in Finance Columbus State University - Columbus, GA 2014 Certifications/Licenses Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert Data Management and Analytics May 2019 to Present Demonstrate your broad skill sets in SQL administration, building enterprise-scale data solutions, and leveraging business intelligence data – both on-premises and in cloud environments. Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate SQL Server November 2017 to Present This certification demonstrates your skills and breakthrough insights in developing and maintaining the next wave of mission-critical environments.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1193.html#217:::Database Administrator;Graduate Assistant;Software Developer;Technical Support Specialist;Sql server;Sql;C++;Javascript;Metasploit;Nmap;Wireshark;Linux;Linux/unix;Unix;Firewall;Cisco;Vm;Problem solving:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator Work Experience Database Administrator Busha Limited January 2019 to March 2019 • Installed and configured the database server and application tools  • Built a database system for the company's website  • Created backup and recovery processes for the server  • Performed regular maintenance and implemented changes  • Created database management procedures Graduate Assistant Texas State University Computing Services January 2016 to December 2018 • Provided Hands-on support for computer hardware and software  • Assisted student with programming assignments and projects  • LAN and WAN Networks Setup and maintenance & Updated and tested software for programming classes Software Developer Globacom Limited January 2013 to November 2015 • Wrote quality maintainable JavaScript back-end code  • Developed restful API that cut across multiple platforms  • Created a tool that generates HTML templates  • Designed an application to generate more clients and viewers to the company's Facebook page Technical Support Specialist Geoid Telecommunications LLC June 2013 to December 2013 • Configured radio frequency and satellite parameter for satellite modems.  • Installed, monitored, and performed routine maintenance on network products  • Performed troubleshoot to identify network issues  • Conducted Script troubleshooting with a team and repaired clients broadband service Education Master of Science in Computer Science in Computer Science Texas State University - San Marcos, TX December 2018 Bachelor of Science in Computer Science in Computer Science University of Ilorin August 2013 Skills Sql server, Sql, C++, Javascript, Metasploit, Nmap, Wireshark, Linux, Linux/unix, Unix, Firewall, Cisco, Vm, Problem solving Additional Information SKILLS  Cisco firewall, Linux/Unix, NMAP, Wireshark, Metasploit VM, CTF Problems, C++, JavaScript, SQL Server, Problem solving & Identification
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1194.html#218:::SQL Server Database Administrator;Inventory Control;Sql Server;DBA;Sql Database;Sql Dba;Ssis:::SQL Server Database Administrator SQL Server <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Auburn, GA I am seeking a position as a SQL Server Database Administrator. I have over 6 years of experience with SQL Server. My core experiences are in the areas of Data Migration, Database Performance Tuning, Backup and Recovery, Database Security, Database maintenance, Indexing, SSRS, Integration Services (SSIS), Database Development, SQL Server Azure, AlwaysOn Availability Groups, Replication, Database Mirroring and Log Shipping. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience SQL Server Database Administrator Ricoh Global August 2015 to Present • Developed Backup strategies and Recovery solutions.  • Analyzed the physical model and employed best practices in creating a complete schema including tables, relationships, stored procedures, and views, clustered and non-clustered indexes.  • Performance Tuning using SQL Profiler and Database Engine tuning advisor.  • Installed and configured SQL server 2008R2, 2012 and 2014 in various environments.  • Assisting with capacity planning and storage space management.  • Developing and writing TSQL, Views, Stored Procedures, Functions.  • Provided 24x7 business-critical production server environments support (on-call).  • Creating and Implementing Databases, Tables, Schemas, Indexes, and Constraints.  • Provided database Development support including query analysis and optimization.  • Performing Data Import and Export Operations using SSIS.  • Monitored and maintained database performance using System monitor, event viewer, SQL profiler, database tuning adviser.  • Setting up and monitoring Replication (transactional, snapshot, and merge).  • Configuring database mirroring (synchronous and asynchronous)  • Migration of On-premises databases to SQL Server Azure.  • Implemented Security Management policy including creating and managing roles, users, logins and granting rights.  • Troubleshooting agent job failures  • Detecting and resolving blocking issues  • Setting up and monitoring AlwaysOn availability groups  • Experience with monitoring and troubleshooting 24x7 operations. Inventory Control Carter's DC July 2014 to July 2015 for processing and tracking of inbound/outbound inventories and other resources.  • Tracked products as they are replenished and stocked according to demand and priority.  • Moved products from the deep reserve to prime and vice versa when necessary as demands changed.  • Auto-marked out, re-billed customers, and controlled damage of all products in inventory.  • Assisted order filler/pickers in the fulfillment of customer orders.  • Verified product location using barcode scanners and other computerized systems.  • Always maintained a clean and safe work environment. Education Certification in Database Administration Dove Technology February 2019 to July 2019 Bachelor's in Business Administration/Marketing University of Georgia - Terry College of Business - Athens, GA August 2015 to December 2017 Skills Sql Server, DBA, Sql Database, Sql Dba, Ssis
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1195.html#219:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;DBA;Oracle Dba;Sql Server;Sql Dba:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator Lanham, MD Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Calpine Corp - Houston, TX February 2016 to June 2019 Supporting major projects from Development to Production via Tech-Test environments, involving daily configuration, administration all running on UNIX, LINUX and WINDOWS Database sizes range from 2GB to 3TB.  Perform RMAN backup and recovery , general database administration, troubleshooting & tuning of 10 Oracle databases (10g & 11g single instances running on LINUX/UNIX AND WINDOWS  • Performed conversion of Single Instance to Multi Node RAC with ASM, and adding instance to existing RAC.  • Installed and configured 2 node oracle 11gR2 RAC for production environment.  • Installed 12c Databases and responsible for upgrading Oracle 10g RAC to 11g RAC.  • Involved in Oracle Golden Gate installation, configuration, troubleshooting Golden Gate EXTRACT and REPLICATE abending issues.  • Implemented and administered Oracle Golden Gate (v10) for real time Replication.  • Use Data Pump, Export and Import on day to day basis to move data from prod to development and test servers.  • Worked extensively on Performance Tuning, Memory (SGA) Tuning, Network tuning and OPERATING SYSTEM TUNING  • Responsible for Performance Monitoring and analysis of 11g RAC (Real Application Clusters) with AWR (Automatic Workload Repository) reports and ASH (Active Session History).  • Monitoring database performance and database operation to prevent downtime and slowness of the services.  • Worked closely with the system operations team on database deployment processes and database capacity planning.  • Performed proactive database maintenance procedures to ensure optimal performance and uptime and implemented shell scripts for automation of day to day activities.  • Identifying SQL queries that are consuming high resources and interact with the development team to see if these queries can be fine-tuned further.  • Regular Security Patching and Critical patch Updates (CPU) and Patch set updates (PSU) on Oracle databases and interim patches for various bug fixes on database products.  • Production support for Oracle database 11g and 12C RAC.  Resolved performance issues resulting from locks, latches, wait events and resource intensive sql statements.  • Monitored and performed database sizing, tablespace management and rollback tablespace management, transaction management and security administration  • Data migration between databases using both Oracle 10g and 11g export/import utility and Oracle 11g exp/imp data pump.  • Performed Database and SQL tuning by using various tools like STATSPACK, AWR, ADDM, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN, and Optimizer hints  • Developed Advance PL/SQL packages, procedures, triggers, functions, Indexes and Collections to implement business logic using SQL Navigator. Generated server side PL/SQL scripts for data manipulation and validation and materialized views for remote instances.  • Generating AWR to monitor and troubleshoot database performance issues and using ADDM to get recommendations and rationales  • Cloned databases using RMAN and configuration of DATA GUARD for Disaster Recovery  • Involved in fresh installation of 11.2.0.1 and 11.2.0.2 and 11.2.0.3 RAC databases on ASM and NFS file systems.  Worked on 12c and exploit new features like Redaction policy, adaptive query optimization, multiple indexes on single column, Restore table through RMAN etc.  • Able to resolve the performance issue in database 12c using automatic big data caching, full database caching and In-Memory Aggregation features.  • Hand on experience in cloning the non-container database to pluggable database in 12c using the PDB Metadata clone, PDB Remote Clone and PDB Snapshot cloning feature.  • Involved in design and enforcing of standards in place to ensure that all application design and code are produced with proper integrity, security and performance.  • Refreshed schema using Export/Import. Created the database, tablespace, tables, indexes, set privileges and user logins  • Worked on in house installation of Oracle on different platforms  • Applied Oracle patches such as CPU, PSU and Bundle patch using OPatch utility.  • Implement backup strategy such as FULL BACKUP, INCREMENTAL BACKUP AND LOGICAL BACKUP using RMAN and DATA PUMP.  • Upgraded Oracle database 10.2.0.4 to 11.2.0.1 scripts and DBUA.  • Performed database reorganizations and refresh schema-using Export/Import. And DATA PUMP.  • Create databases, tablespaces, tables, indexes, setting privileges and user logins.  • Analyzed SQL queries causing performance problems using tool such as AWR, EXPLAIN PLAN, ASH, ADDM STAT PACK and V$ views  • Supported Oracle DB backups (online/offline), logical backups and UNIX scripts.  • Troubleshoot installation errors both independently and with Oracle support (via My oracle Support)  • Create oracle databases using both the DBCA & Database creation scripts.  • Perform general database administration tasks using tools like SQLPLUS, OEM SRVCTL CRSCTL  • Manage, troubleshoot and tune database issues both on UNIX command line, SQL*Plus, OEM client, Oracle 10g database control, oracle 10g Grid Control as well as other third party tools (TOAD, SQLDeveloper).  • Monitor database systems and provide technical support for database system issues and application performance enhancement/improvement using both OEM (client), Oracle 10g database control & SQL*Plus, as well as pre-developed UNIX shell scripts.    Tools Used: Oracle RMAN, Oracle 11g (11.2.0.2) , DBMS STATS, Datapump, SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN Oracle Database Administrator Coca Cola - Atlanta, GA October 2013 to January 2016 • Successfully installed and configured Oracle 11.1.0.7, Oracle 10.2.0.5 databases on AIX platforms.  • Monitored different databases and application servers using Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) 10g Grid Control.  • Partitioned tables Maintenance, adding new partitions, exchanging one-year-old partitions then archiving of the exchanged partitions, dropping or truncating of old portions.  • Monitoring of tablespaces, memory structures, rollback segments, logs, and alerts.  • Monitor and fully analyze performance issues in production Oracle databases by using OEM, ASH/AWR/ADDM, EXPLAINPLAN and TKPROF tools.  • Partitioning Tables, Rebuilding of Indexes, Secure files, DBLINKS, Materialized Views, Store Procedures, Triggers and constraints.  • Worked on Standardization of 12c/11g Clusterware build and DB build by preparation response files.  • Configure and administer Oracle Physical and logical Standby Data Guard for DR on multiple oracle 11g databases.  • Configured DG Broker for easy Failover/Switchover during outages.  • Convert Physical standby to Snapshot standby for testing and analysis  • Resolve problems relating to log gaps caused by network failure or and media failure.  • Troubleshooting and fixing DG Broker configuration.  • Troubleshooting and Fixing out of sync Oracle Physical Standby Data Guard using RMAN incremental backup.  • Upgrading Oracle databases from 11.2.0.x to 11.2.0.4 and from 11.2.0.4 to 11.2.0.4.5 and from 11.2.0.X to 12.1.0.1.  • Quarterly PSU patching on AIX/RHEL for 11g/12C databases on Standalone and RAC DB's using rolling patching.  • Applying/Rolling back one-off patches to/from Standalone or RAC DB's.  • Loading data from flat files to database using SQL*Loader, External Tables.  • Extensively used AWR, ADDM and explain plan for periodic performance tuning.  • Implementing Data pump, conventional export/import utility of Oracle 11g, 10g for re-organizing Databases/Schemas/Tables to improve the performance.  • Used import/export utilities for cloning/migration of small sized databases and Data pump import/export to move data between 10g and 10g/11g environments.  • Implemented proactive monitoring using Tuning Pack, Diagnostics Pack, and STATSPACK, SQL Trace & TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN.  • Database monitoring/maintenance, replication process and performance tuning are done using OEM (Oracle Enterprise Manager).  • Trouble shooting and performance tuning golden gate replications, monitoring scripts for Golden gate in Unix scripting  • Install and configure Cloud Control 12c, deploy 12c agents, plug-in installations on the target servers and monitor databases.  • Configure Oracle Advanced Security on 12c databases to implement Transparent Data Encryption at tablespace, table and column levels. Also configured Redaction using OEM's Policy expression builder.  • Implemented Flashback technology of the Oracle 11g, 10g along with Recycle bin for a faster recovery of the databases and database objects.  • Performed full & incremental backup (cumulative and differential) using RMAN and implemented recovery strategies.  • Refreshed/cloned databases using RMAN utility.  • Performed Database upgrade from Oracle 10g (10.2.0.2) to Oracle 10g (10.2.0.5) and to Oracle 11g (11.1.0.7) RAC database.  • Successful in applying RDBMS patches, security patches for improving the security and functionality of the databases.  • Achieved optimized performance for the databases by rebuilding indexes, on tables and indexes.  • Automated the processes like moving files, managing alert log, efficient backup by developing UNIX scripts.  • Involved in the installation, configuration and extended support to Oracle 11g, 10g two Node RAC (Real Application Cluster) with ASM file system on AIX platform.  • Involved in converting a single instance database to Oracle 11g, 10g RAC databases.  • Installed ASM environment and migrated databases from NON-ASM to ASM.  • Used TOAD for database management.  • Made optimal use of Oracle Support in resolving the SRs.  • 24 X 7 Production & Development database support and administration.    ENVIRONMENT  Red Hat Linux RHEL 5.x and Windows 2012, Sun Solaris, AIX, SQL SERVER  Oracle 11g, 10g SQL, PL/SQL, DBCA, DBUA, RMAN, OEM Grid Control, Oracle Data Guard, RAC, ASM, Sql Navigator, TOAD, Data Pump ,SRVCTL, SQL*Plus SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN, STATSPACK, AWR, and ADDM Education BACHELOR'S DEGREE in LINQUISTICS UNIVERSITY OF BUEA ASSOCIATE DEGREE in MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEM PRINCE GEORGES COMMUNITY COLLEGE Skills DBA, Oracle Dba, Sql Server, Sql Dba
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1196.html#220:::DBA;Database Administrator;Database Administrator;Networking Communication Technician;Computer Repair Technician;DBA;MYSQL;Sql Server;Sql Dba;DB2;Sql Database;Oracle Database:::DBA DBA Database Administrator Oklahoma City, OK Languages/Tools: PL/SQL and SQL, Java  Software: Microsoft Office, Linux  Hardware: Dell Servers Red Hat Linux 6.5X Work Experience DBA NTTDATA Services - Oklahoma City, OK 2018 to 2019 • Created database maintenance plan for SQL backups, optimization and integrity check and t-log backups.  • Assist Development and Support team with Technical and troubleshooting production issues  • Responsible for MS SQL server 2005 and 2008. Worked on change requests, permission requests and refreshes request.  • Worked with capacity planning, database sizing and monitoring.  • Worked with application team to test the successful upgrade, migration, installations  • Have effective communication skills and ability to maintain good relations with users, developers, operations and information security teams.  • Perform database administration activities such as storage management, backup, recovery, and performance tuning.  • Develop system documentation for all developed applications databases, processes, and jobs, including flowcharts and data models. Database Administrator Stephenson Cancer Center - Oklahoma City, OK 2018 to 2018 • Installing, configuration, maintenance and administration of SQL Server 2012  • Database mirroring and involved in creating backup strategy  • Create database objects like tables, views, indexes, stored-procedures, triggers, cursors using MS SQL  • Worked on performance turning of database and query tuning  • T-SQL Programing for writing DDL and DML queries  • Using DBCC commands, SQL profiler, SQL Server Management Studio  • Performing system study and requirement Analysis, Prepared data flow diagrams, Entity relationship diagrams, table structure with a lot of interaction with the client  • Performed analysis and design of the application Database Administrator St. Anthony Hospital - Oklahoma City, OK 2017 to 2018 • Implemented Logical and Physical Standby Databases for RAC cluster on Sun Solaris platform using Data Guard feature of Oracle 11g R2.  • Maintained the data integrity and security using integrity constraints and database triggers.  • Training 5+ colleagues on how to input and extract data.  • Table partitioning.  • Provide Oracle DBA support for applications, including developing data migration scripts, data validation queries, and a maintenance plan for the various development versions of these applications.  • Use shell scripts to check the status of databases such as growing table sizes, extent allocation, free space, used space, fragmentation. Networking Communication Technician MTN, Douala - CM 2012 to 2015 • Enter commands, using computer terminal, and activate controls on computer and peripheral equipment to integrate and operate equipment.  • Operate spreadsheet programs and other types of software to load and manipulate data and to produce reports.  • Read job set-up instructions to determine equipment to be used, order of use, material such as disks and paper to be loaded, and control settings.  • Oversee the operation of computer hardware systems, including coordinating and scheduling the use of computer terminals and networks to ensure efficient use.  • Type command on keyboard to transfer encoded data from memory unit to magnetic tape and assist in labeling, classifying, cataloging and maintaining tapes. Computer Repair Technician Afro-Tech 2010 to 2012 Oversee the daily performance of 50+ computer systems.  • Answer 100+ user inquiries regarding computer software or hardware operation to resolve problems.  • Set up equipment for employee use, performing or ensuring proper installation of cables, operating systems, or appropriate software.  • Conduct office automation feasibility studies, including workflow analysis, space design, or cost comparison analysis.  • Install and perform minor repairs to hardware, software, or peripheral equipment, following design or installation specifications.  • Maintain records of daily data communication transactions, problems and remedial actions taken, or installation activities. Education Associate Degree Moore Norman Technology Center - Norman, OK 2017 to 2018 Oklahoma City Community College 2016 to 2017 certification Advance School of Public Works 2013 to 2015 Skills DBA, MYSQL, Sql Server, Sql Dba, DB2, Sql Database, Oracle Database
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1197.html#221:::DB2 DBA & Developer;DB2 DBA & Developer;DBA;Database Administrator;databases (5 years);DB2 (5 years);Erwin (2 years);SQL (5 years);UNIX (2 years):::DB2 DBA & Developer DB2 DBA &amp; Developer DB2 DBA & Developer - State of Louisiana Baton Rouge, LA • Around 6 years of IT experience with extensive database administration using DB2 V9.X thru 11.X on, Unix, AIX, Linux, Windows.  • Extensive experience supporting DB2 system administration, application development, resolving DB2 issues, performance- tuning, monitoring data security and integrity.  • Proficient in DB2 database administration for Z/OS, with specialization in planning, estimating, forecasting and resource allocation.  • Expertise in Installing Base code/Latest Fix packs and maintaining DB2 environment including creating instances, databases, buffer pools, logical and physical design of database storages using DMS/SMS tablespaces (allocating containers).  • Versed in both In-place and Side-by-side migration of instances and databases to current version.  • Proficient in implementing Replication, backup & recovery Strategies, developing Architecture for building a database by using tools like Erwin, ER/Studio.  • Database utility experience including re-org, runstats, rebind, export, import, load, auto-load, backup, restore and roll forward utilities.  • Database monitoring and tuning experience using DB2's Performance Monitor, Detector, OMEGAMON, Event Monitor, Explain, Visual Explain, and Index Advisor performance tools.  • Worked extensively on features of DB2 Client, DB2 Connect and IBM Web Sphere Application Server.  • Experience in Setup HADR/HACMP between primary and secondary servers to ensure High Availability.  • Worked with Third party utilities like Quest Tools, BMC Tools, Nagios, DBArtisan, Toad, Performance Expert, Spotfire etc.  • Experience with ETL tools - Informatica and reporting tools like Business Objects, SSRS.  • Effective communication capabilities and being able to work productively with multilevel personnel.  • Extensive Experience in writing Korn shell scripts and using AWK, SED, GAWK.  • Proficient in Scheduling/Maintaining CRON/Autosys jobs based on application requirement.  • Provided 24x7 on call support for databases supporting online applications and off-hours maintenance.  • Troubleshooting database issues using db2diag, db2pd, db2dart, db2inspect, db2trace, db2support, db2top, explain plan, db2exfmt and snapshots.  • Experience in Disaster recovery strategies (HADR/HADR with TSA, HA)  • Extensive experience with Incident, Problem and Change managements  • Experience in raising PMR's to vendor support and based on that preparing RCA's  • Strong knowledge in structured query language (SQL) Work Experience DB2 DBA & Developer State of Louisiana - Baton Rouge, LA May 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Developed a Data Profiling Plan to identify the data sources and data elements in-scope for this project and the methodologists to be used in accessing the data.  • Evaluated and recommended changes to database environments and design based on analysis of existing large, complex, interrelated systems.  • Executed the Data Profiling Plan to identify data quality issues and to prioritize the data.  • Produced a Data Assessment Report to identify and quantify the issues.  • Provided Knowledge Transfer to the employees about the ongoing data cleanup process.  • Reviewed, analyzed and document data element descriptions, specifications, and uses for TIPS, ACESS, and CAFE, along with other relevant data sources and to determine the data elements to be cleansed.  • Categorized data as Transactional (operational), Analytical (decision support), or Master (persistent people and entity data used by multiple systems)  • Created data cleansing scripts and procedures to repair data and improved quality by establishing a staging database to isolate corrected data from production data sources.  • Produced Data Reconciliation Reports to identify, document, monitor, and resolve data variances discovered during the cleansing process by generating the Audit Reports to track and document each corrective action, including, but not limited to the affected data elements.  • Developed a Data Cleansing Maintenance Plan and related documentation to support the State's ongoing data quality needs.  • Classified data elements as Restricted, Confidential, Public, or Uncategorized as defined in the ISP.  • Collected and identified any possible legacy security issues that should be addressed or considered as DCFS moves to the EA and/or CCWIS systems and provide an action plan to address same.  Environment: DB2 Mainframe Z/Os, ADABAS, IBM Data Studio, SQL and DB2, Natural, J2EE, Java Script, COBAL. DB2 DBA & Developer Delta Dental Plan of Michigan - Lansing, MI November 2016 to April 2018 Responsibilities:  • Managing DB2 databases to support ERP application LAWSON, which manages the whole delta dental system, Payments system, Human Resource system and Supply Chain management.  • Delta dental has around 500 DB2 database servers, and around 15 Oracle servers - where all the maintenance of the servers handled only by a group of 3.  • Analyze and setup HADR between databases, also configured read only standby databases.  • Manage Multi-Terabyte database environments supporting different applications on DB2 with the databases sizing ranging from 100GB to 10TB.  • Install DB2 V9.7, V10.5 & V11.1 on our new servers, migrated multi-terabyte databases from V9.1 to V9.7 & 10.1 to V10.5  • Create POC and educated application teams to take advantage of Automatic maintenance, STMM and Monitor collect settings enhancements available in DB2 V10.5.  • Create Health check scripts using the new SYIBMADM views and MON GET Functions and educated non DBA teams to handle performance issues.  • Create scripts for data maintenance activities like REORG, RUNSTATS, LOAD, UNLOAD, IMPORT and EXPORT, BACKUPS (Incremental or FULL) and scheduled jobs using Maestro pointing the backups to tape.  • Create application specific scripts to recover test database environments from Production environment for DB2/SQL Server and Oracle databases on UNIX, AIX, Linux and Windows (Batch scripts).  • Enable STMM on DB2 Servers, Setup start to end SQL Replication between transactional and reporting environments & design the best possible solution for transactional logging and implemented.  • Installing SQL Server 2008/2012 Standard and enterprise edition and baseline the servers according to the organization standards.  • Created SQL Server health check stored procedures/Jobs for easy maintenance of databases upon customer request.  • Provided 24X7 database supports for applications going live or in maintenance mode with on call rotation.    Environment: DB2 UDB 11.X Linux, AIX, Windows, SQL Server 2008/2012/2014, Oracle 11g, IBM Data Studio, TOAD for DB2, Spotlight for Oracle, SQL and DB2, Quest Central, BMC Remedy, Replication Center, Spotlight. DBA CHEMONICS (Remote) - Indianapolis, IN August 2015 to October 2016 Responsibilities:  • Support Linux, DB2 database servers, Cognos Reporting and DataStage Servers on IBM Softlayer Cloud bare metal servers.  • Currently providing DB2 LUW DBA V10.5 implementation support for a world-wide supply chain application. Install and upgrade DB2 and related components.  • Created 25+ DB2 instances and all DB2 objects. Configure DB2 automatic maintenance for on-line backups and RUNSTATS.  • Installed and configured IBM Data Server Client V10.5 on the IIB servers, cataloging nodes and the remote databases.  • Setup and maintain test and prod HADR. Installed DB2 V10.5 FP-5 and FP-7, IBM Application Developer Tools, Data Server Manager for monitoring, database alerts and health checking.  • Use db2move to EXPORT, LOAD and IMPORT data. Maintain DB2 DBM and DB configuration & DB2 registry variables.  • Create Linux user ids and groups. Grant group level DB2 privileges and assign users to groups.  • Use NMON to monitor performance and generate reports. Add storage to file systems and regular System Engineer tasks.  • Generate various List Reports, Grouped Reports, Cross tab Reports, Chart Reports, Drill-Down and Drill-Through Reports.  • Generate Complex reports in Cognos 10.1 report studio including Drill Down reports from DMR modeled Frame work model.  • Manually modified the SQL in Report Studio to tune and/or to write complicated reports. Used union/Join objects in Report Studio.  • Performance Tuning and Optimization of Parallel Jobs and Server Jobs.  • Using Parallel Extender to load data into data warehouse with different techniques like Pipeline and Partition in MPP environment.  • Experience in UNIX/Linux Shell scripting as part of file manipulation, and have strong knowledge in scheduling Data    Environment: DB2 10.5/11.1 Linux, Z/Os, IBM Data Studio, IBM infosphere Datastage, Cognos, IBM Softlayer, Toad, IBM Data Server Manager, IBM Rational, Remedy force. Database Administrator TCC Software Solutions - Indianapolis, IN May 2013 to July 2015 Responsibilities:  • DB2 Database Administration on AIX and Windows including audit configuration, SQL Tuning, Resource monitoring and performing security architecture review.  • Install DB2 V9.7, V10.1, and V10.5 on our new servers, migrated multi-terabyte databases from V9.1 to V9.7, 10.1 & 10.5.  • Constantly upgraded databases to current level of fix packs to incorporate the new functionalities.  • Administered large 64-bit DB2 v9.x & v10.x LUW databases in a 24x7 enterprise SAN based multi-data center environment, including installation, configuration, backup, recovery and tuning.  • Setup HADR between primary and secondary servers to ensure High Availability.  • Working closely with Developers to create database objects (Tablespaces, schemas, tables, views, indexes, triggers, stored procedures etc.) as per the requirement on DB2 and SQL Server databases.  • Performance Tuning through various schemes such as increasing the buffer pool size, performing RUNSTATS, REORG, and REORGCHK's, creating indexes using db2explain and db2 advisor.  • Monitoring and verifying architectural correctness of Databases, Tablespaces and its objects through db2dart, DB2PD, Snapshots and Health Monitors and also with tools like Quest Central, Spot Light.  • Create scripts for data maintenance activities like REORG, RUNSTATS, LOAD, UNLOAD, IMPORT and EXPORT, BACKUPS (Incremental or FULL) and scheduled jobs as required.  • Installed and Upgraded DB2 Client on Servers/Workstations, Implemented DB2 Client on Desktops and configured access to ODBC data-sources.  • Recovering the Database to a consistent state through Restore, Roll-forward & Recover techniques and also performing Redirected restore in case of movement of table space containers.  • Documented test plan including the testing of data partitioning (DPF), table partitioning, multi-dimensional clustering (MDC), XML support, and data compression. Improved performance by 40% by converting tablespaces to multiple partitions with DPF.  • Worked on VM Ware VCenter to create and maintain Virtual Servers used for application, reporting and database servers.  • Setup and Worked on Fog light and solar winds tools.    Environment: DB2 UDB V10.5/V9.7/9.5/9.1/8.2, SQL Server 2008/2012, AIX 5.2/5.3, Z/Os Windows 2008/2003/XP, Erwin, Quest Central, Toad, IBM Data Studio, IBM Data server manager, DB Visualizer, Service Center. Business Objects X3.1 & 4.1, Fog light, solid works, Spotlight. Education Bachelor's Skills databases (5 years), DB2 (5 years), Erwin (2 years), SQL (5 years), UNIX (2 years)
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1198.html#222:::Oracle Database Administrator;Senior Oracle DBA;Oracle DBA;Mysql;Oracle;Pl/sql;Sql;Linux;Oracle Dba:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - Verizon Wireless Durham, NC • Over 6 years of experience as Oracle Database Administrator including Oracle Database Installation, Configuration, Patch Installation, Performance Tuning, Migration, Upgrades, Patches, Backup and Recovery, Cloning, Replication, Space Management and Database Security with Oracle Software 12c/11g/10g/9i Versions.  • Worked 24*7 as production database support providing support to System Administrators, developers & end-users.  • Oracle EBS support as database Administrator and performance tuning.  • Extensive knowledge on database administration for 12C, 11g and 10g with experience within very large scale database environment and mission critical large OLTP and OLAP systems.  • Expertise in providing and implementing various Golden Gate Solutions like Active - Active Replication for Zero down time maintenance and Migrations using Conflict detection and Resolution (CDR).  • Involved in the successful Configuration, Installation and Upgrade of Grid Infrastructure and Databases to Oracle 12c on Solaris in Production Environment.  • Implemented, Installed, Upgraded and Patched Oracle Database Appliance  • Extensive experience in Data guard (Physical & Logical), ASM, Grid Infrastructure.  • Database backups and recovery using RMAN, Import/Export, Hot/Cold Backups, Data Pump tools.  • Installed, Configured Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM), 12.1.0.7.  • Refresh and Clone/Duplicate Environments according to Project Requirements using RMAN, DataPump Tools.  • Implemented Migration of Databases as part of Server Migration, Storage Migration, and ASMDiskgroups to different Storage Arrays.  • Implemented migration of 11gR1 RAC to 11gR2 RAC on Solaris.  • Vast experience in Performance Tuning (I/O, Memory & SQL Tuning etc.) by using tools/utilities like Explain plan, AnalyzeAWR and ADDM.  • Used Spring Boot at back-end which helps to develop application with ease.  • Experienced in ASP.NET, C#, VB.NET, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, SQL, JSON, jQuery  • Extensive Virtualization experience in implementing RAC databases from 10g to 12c in VM environment.  • Experience in a variety of hardware and software platforms: Solaris, UNIX/Linux MS-Windows 2008.  • Working knowledge on Oracle 11g, 10g environment builds and experience in SQL*Loader, loading data from text files.  • Extensive knowledge of data modeling inside XML  • Experienced in configuring Data Guard and RAC on Linux (RHEL6, 5 AS), AIX, Sun Solaris and Windows environments for High Availability with ASM (Automatic Storage management) and storage on EMC SAN.  • Proficient in Oracle 11g/10g/9i Database Design, Installation and managing of Oracle software on various platforms, implementing, Administration, Performance tuning and troubleshooting for 24x7 Production environments.  • Installed Oracle Enterprise manager Grid Control agents on UNIX and Windows platforms and configured the TARGETS in the Repository for efficient monitoring of the mission critical Production databases.  • Good Knowledge of oracle High Availability features, Disaster Recovery, Cluster Technology and FLASHBACK Technology.  • Hands-on Experience in System Configuration's, planning upgrade for critical production databases, Migrating Databases for Lease Rollover, Patching Databases without affecting the critical business activities.  • Interacted closely with Change Management Team, Configuration Management Team, Development & Testing teams, etc. - Implementation of DB schema changes as per approved Work Request. Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Verizon Wireless - Los Angeles, CA July 2016 to Present Responsibilities:  • Maintained and administrated various systems like RAC, Data Guard and GoldenGate.  • Set-up and configured two node RAC (12c & 11g) cluster on Linux.  • Programmed database using XML language  • Configured RAC 1-Node and Standalone Configurations on Linux as well as Solaris.  • Performed various health checks in RAC, HA stack management in managing resources using SRVCTL and CRSCTL.  • Deployed multiple applications on WebLogic server and maintained load balancing, high availability and fail over functionality  • Upgraded Oracle Database Appliance from version 12.1.0.1 to 12.1.0.2  • Upgrade Grid Infrastructure from 11G to 12C.  • Wrote DAO layer, required SQL queries and Spring Controller to handle data and request to Spring application.  • Acted as Oracle EBS Functional/Technical Lead and worked for the development, implementation and communications of Architecture Roadmap Strategies to ensure that technical systems are scalable, reliable, secure, supportable, and achieve Business and IT performance and budgetary objectives  • Worked closely with the EBS project delivery team.  • Experiencedin implementing End to End Oracle EBS process flows like Order to Cash , Procure to Pay ,Quote to Order  • Improved efficiency for clients by training new programmers in organizational ETL processes  • Installed the latest version of Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM 12.1.0.7) utilizing the pre-built Database Templates.  • Applied Rolling Patches in a 2 node RAC environment and Performed GRID Infrastructure upgrade from 11.2.0.3 to 11.2.0.4.  • Implemented Shell Scripting to automate error reporting and alerting in different flavors of UNIX (Linux and Solaris).  • Duplicated Databases using Active Duplicate and RMAN Recovery Techniques.  • Configured Disaster recovery databases and maintained standby databases.  • Configured dataguard broker in dataguard environment and configured physical standby databases in maximum performance and configured Active dataguard and Snapshot standby.  • Created Oracle Tables, Table Partitions and Materialized Views and Supported users, application administrators and developers for Oracle database.  • Used EXPDP and IMPDP for refreshing data between different environments.  • Applied patches using OPatch utility in both RAC and Single instance database homes.  • Worked with Database backup team for scheduling backups for ORACLE databases.  • Good hands on installing and configuring Oracle GoldenGate for active-active data replication.  • Worked in providing Oracle GoldenGate real-time data integration, expertise in heterogeneous synchronization and replication of database using defgen utility.  • Monitoring the OGG (Oracle Golden Gate) trails and used different parameters to improvise the performance of the OGG processes.  • Proficient in Replicate splitting to tune the performance of the OGG and involved in Oracle GoldenGate tuning and troubleshooting.  • Improved database performance by analyzing AWR reports, changing database parameters and adding additional spaces to temp and undo.  • Migrated databases to cloud, worked with testing teams to validate database performance of SQL queries on new servers.  • Identified performance bottleneck on high volume transaction systems and analyze SQL statements by using explain plan.  • Created and managed the table partitions, analyzed the partitions, indexes, materialized views.  • Migrated databases to ASM Performed various tasks on ASM, creating a disk group, adding a disk to disk group, making disk online and offline and troubleshooting issues in ASM environment.  • Troubleshooting problems related to connectivity to the databases, database job failures, and Backup failures.  • Handling incidents relating to space issues on various filesystems, tablespaces, and archive destinations.  • Handling various technical issues related to Databases and assisting users with the SQL tuning for bad SQL codes.  • Daily Health Check Up of the Database and SQL Queries using AWR, ADDM and TKPROF and Tuned the SQL*s using TKPROF and STATSPACK reports.  • Prepared and provided recommendations or reports to clients per requests.  • Collaborated with off-shore Oracle team, development DBA, UNIX team and Storage team to solve complex system issues.  • Managing and providing 24X7 supports for various versions of databases.  • Working with the LINUX/DBD/Application administration teams to provide day-to-day, and on-call first level support for AIM's MongoDB servers.  • Monitoring and maintenance of successful backups for MongoDB servers.  • Assisting Sr. DBA's on creating documentation of activities, system changes, procedures, policies and standards for the MongoDB architecture.  • Providing direct support to DBD and Application teams.  • Assisting Sr. DBA's to develop custom scripts to automate MongoDB management. Senior Oracle DBA Chevron ITC - Houston, TX January 2014 to June 2016 Ameriprise Financial Inc. headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota is a global financial services provider.  Ameriprise Financials hosts a series of applications that run on different database systems like Oracle, UDB, Teradata, DB2, Informix and SQL Server. These databases are very critical to the organization in terms of data sensitivity and business continuity. TCS team working at Minneapolis is providing support and technical consultancy to the Ameriprise Data Management team to achieve its goals. The project is being executed by TCS in an onsite/offshore model. As part of the project the TCS team will be working in the development and Production environment and will be involved in full range of database services like data placement and reuse strategy, designing SQL queries, physical database design, database creation, Automation & Monitoring, performance tuning & optimization, maintenance & support of the various databases    Responsibilities:  • Lead a 6-7 members offshore team and acted as a SPOC to handling Clients requirements in terms of Creating and managing Oracle Databases  • Worked with Oracle Support for handling Critical production issues and implemented to fix in case of any bugs being identified.  • Have good understanding and hands on Oracle 12c Data Guard. Created and maintained physical and logical stand by databases for mission critical applications.  • Support DR Replication activity.  • Worked with application developers to create and maintaining tables for Optimal Performance on lower environment.  • Automating the routine processes such as table space/file system monitoring; partition maintenance, statistics gathering and automating backup/alerting process through UNIX shell scripting.  • Supported on Build and maintain DR sites using data guard Database Monitoring and administration of oracle database using Enterprise Manager Grid control OEM 12c  • Created and Managed DB Links and Materialized views  • Created, documented and maintained logical and physical database models in compliance with enterprise standards and maintained corporate metadata definitions for enterprise data stores within a metadata repository.  • Performance Monitoring, Tuning and query optimization for Oracle databases  • Experience in identified poor SQL statements using EXPLAIN PLAN, STATSPACK, TKPROF, SQL TRACE, OEM 12c, and Creating SQL Baselines.  • Involved in Performance tuning, worked on SQLT utility to understand the query behavior and create a SQL profile/baseline for the same  • Involved in RAC performance issues.  • Taking logical, cold and hot backups of Oracle database and configure Recovery catalogue to perform RMAN backups; monitoring target databases using RMAN  • Installing and Configuring of Oracle server software and related products in lower environments.  • Supported in Restoring and recovering RAC/Single instance Oracle databases.  • Set up incidents and various automated monitoring activities via OEM 12c.  • Used the WebLogic Server Administration Console to control production-specific deployment details.  • Provide and implement performance tuning recommendations of all components in Exadata database machine.  • Advise, provide guidance and develop Disaster Recovery strategies for the Exadata Database machine. Oracle DBA Nepal Satellite Telecom January 2013 to December 2013 Responsibilities:  • Troubleshoot and resolve problems in MySQL databases and servers.  • Used the WebLogic Server Administration Console to control production-specific deployment details.  • Created scripts and processes for data integration and maintenance.  • Specified users and user access levels for each database segments.  • Develop data architecture design to perform targeted customer analysis.  • Integrated data quality plans as a part of ETL processes.  • Conduct database performance tuning, query optimization, index tuning, tables restructuring, and storage optimization.  • Documented all Oracle database installations and database operations.  • Performed Backup and Recovery of databases using RMAN during media failure. Performed Cold Backups, Hot Backups, Full back up, Incremental & Cumulative backups as well.  • Experience in Logical Backups - full/partial, Conventional and Data Pump Export/Import.  • Apply requested and approved modifications to database structures, data, and applications.  • Manage complete project lifecycle. Effectively communicate project status with direct supervisor and project owner.  • Expertise in relational database design and architectural principles and methodologies.  • Experience with using AWS EC2, RDS, Aurora, AWS DMS, EBS. Education Master's in Business Administration in Business Administration Johnson & Wales University - Providence, RI February 2018 Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology Sikkim Manipal University February 2013 Skills Mysql, Oracle, Pl/sql, Sql, Linux, Oracle Dba
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\12.html#224:::Oracle Database Administrator;Mysql;Oracle;Sql;Cerner;Cobol;Ibm mainframe;Mainframe;Tableau;Back end;Software integration;Use case;Use cases;Jira;Linux;Java;Flow charts;Citrix;Server support;Windows 10;Windows 7;DBA;Oracle Dba;RAC:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Lenexa, KS Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator February 2017 to Present Job Description/Responsibilities  Perform basic database monitoring and capacity management, triage database alerts and issues; work with senior team  members to troubleshoot, identify root cause, and implement corrective action. set up and maintain database backups, monitor and maintain database replication, apply database software updates and stand-alone hotfixes to client environments  communicate with 3rd party software or hardware manufactures as needed to ensure optimal configuration and support.  Additionally, develop standardized work plans, documentation, processes and automation and perform other responsibilities as assigned. Education Bachelor degree in Information Systems Technology in Information Systems Technology Southern Illinois University Carbondale 2014 to 2016 Applied Arts and Science in Database Architecture Wabash Valley College 2012 to 2014 Skills Mysql, Oracle, Sql, Cerner, Cobol, Ibm mainframe, Mainframe, Tableau, Back end, Software integration, Use case, Use cases, Jira, Linux, Java, Flow charts, Citrix, Server support, Windows 10, Windows 7, DBA, Oracle Dba, RAC Additional Information Technical Skills    Languages RHEL-6, Java, SQL, COBOL, Oracle Enterprise Linux (OEL)    Applications Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM), JIRA, Tableau, Visual Paradigm, putty, Citrix, Royal TS    Databases Oracle 11g, IBM Mainframe, MySQL Enterprise 2014, MySQL Workbench    Operating Systems Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 10, Ubuntu, Mint, Gnome,    Technical Writing Use Cases, Use Case Diagrams, Relationship Diagrams, Sequence Diagrams, Business  Case Development, User Manuals, Flow Charts, Data Flow Diagrams    Past Work Experiences    Cerner - System Engineer    Device and software integration for both front end and back end health care technology. Establishing network connections  between servers and devices. Server support for any devices communicating with the server.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\120.html#225:::SQL Database Administrator;SQL Database Administrator:::SQL Database Administrator SQL <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> SQL Database Administrator Fort Worth, TX Work Experience SQL Database Administrator NCR - Fort Worth, TX 2012 to December 2013 Strong experience in database Replication of multiple servers, Replication Monitoring and trouble shooting, error handling (SQL Server 2000, 2005 and/or SQL Server 2008).  • Practical knowledge of ETL/data loading in very large databases.  • Strong experience in performing different Database administrative tasks such as Database Backups, Restore and Recovery Procedures, Data Loading using SQL Server Import and Export wizard, Attach\Detach databases, Database Shrinking, Rebuild Indexes, Upgrading Service Packs, creating database level Roles, Using DBCC commands, Cleaning up Orphaned users, Database Compatibility level and Collationn.    • Responsible for monitoring Jobs, SQL auditing, Disk spaces, error logs and making recommendations for performance improvement in hosted databases which involved file group modifications, and scheduling jobs to rebuild/reorganize indexes, update statistics and security.    • Troubleshoot, analyze and fix issues related to Performance Tuning of various processes during daily ETL Cycle. Optimizing various objects like Stored Procedures and implementing performance, improving on performance issues using performance monitor, Query Analyzer, Profiler and Index Tuning Wizard.    • Involved in System Performance by tuning SQL queries and stored procedures by using SQL Profiler, Database Engine Tuning Advisor, Perform, DBCC and Custom Scripts, Built in performance Report and Activity Monitor.    • Performance tuning using Performance Monitor, Custom Scripts and Profiler in resolving Blocking, Dead Locks, Long running queries and query optimization. And actively worked and interacted with developers of different teams in reviewing and executing the scripts, troubleshooting the Root Cause and fixing the issues.    • Responsible for creating Maintenance Plans, Linked Server, Operators, SQL Server Jobs, Configure Database Mail and Checking the SQL Server Error Logs to ensure that processes have completed successfully.    • Adminstering Microsoft SQL Server Active/Active and Active/Passive Clustering and actively monitor the database systems to ensure secure services with minimum downtime..    • Created Databases, Data collection, Database Mail, Linked Server, Logins, Database Roles and Data Loading using Import and Export wizard.    • Security Administration by creating user logins with appropriate roles, dropping and locking the logins, monitoring the user accounts, creation of groups, granted privileges to users and groups.    • Performed documentation for capacity usage factor data validations and work summary for capacity usage factor calculations.    • 24/7 Production support for SQL Server databases SQL Database Administrator Secure IP Telecom - Dallas, TX 2009 to July 2012 Responsibilities:  • Troubleshoot, analyze and fix issues related to Performance Tuning of various processes during daily ETL Cycle. Optimizing various objects like Stored Procedures, performance improvement issues using Query Analyzer, Profiler and Index Tuning Wizard.    • Responsible for monitoring Jobs, SQL auditing, Disk spaces, error logs and making recommendations for performance improvement in hosted databases which involved modification of file group, and scheduling jobs to rebuild/reorganizing indexes, update statistics and security.    • Perform Database Consistency checks by DBCC commands at regular intervals to check for fragmentation and torn pages in tables of databases and to improve the overall performance of the database.    • To analyze long running slow queries and tune the same to optimize application and system performance as well as monitoring and modifying Performance using execution plans and Index tuning.    • Monitoring High Availability environments like active-active and active-passive clustering, Database Mirroring, Replications, and Log shipping.    • Created and managed maintenance jobs for performing SQL Backups, DBCC, and Index Rebuild.    • Setup the performance counter by using performance monitor to identify the bottleneck of Windows server such as CPU, Memory, I/O, disk space and also bottlenecks of SQL Server such as buffer cache hit, memory, transaction, procedure cache, paging, Dead Locks, CPU, I/O etc.    • Creating logins, groups, users, roles, database devices, databases, mirroring devices, checking for database consistency, fixing DBCC errors, monitoring error logs, database space allocations, transaction log space allocations, fine tuning SQL performance.    • Analyze various aspects of Stored Procedures and performed tuned as needed to increase productivity and reusability of code.    • Monitoring the Disk spaces on all the Servers as well as monitoring space growth in SQL Servers and working with different teams to get them sorted out.  • Performed documentation for capacity usage factor data validations and work summary for capacity usage factor calculations.    • Ensure all scheduled administrative jobs are running and successfully completes for Microsoft SQL Servers.    • Taking turns in 24/7 Production support for SQL Server databases. Education Masters in International Law and Diplomacy University of Lagos - Lagos Additional Information TECHNICAL SUMMARY    Database: MS SQL Server 2012/2008 R2/2008/2005/2000  ETL Tools: DTS, Wherescape  Tools: Sql Server Management Studio, Vision App, SQL LiteSpeed, Quest Spotlight, RedGate.  Operating System: Windows 2000 Advanced Server, Windows NT, Windows XP, Windows Server 2003/2008. SQL Server    SKILLS SUMMARY  • Highly skilled software professional with 4 years of experience in MS SQL Server 2000, 2005, 2008, 2008R2, 2012 database administration in enterprise production environment.    • Expertise in Relational Database Management Systems. Extensive experience in MS SQL Server performance tuning, client/ Server connectivity, query optimization, back-up/recovery, running Database Consistency Checks using DBCC, Stored Procedures, Database Triggers and DTS package creation.    • Experience in creating Maintenance Plans, Linked Server, Operators, SQL Server Jobs, Configure Database Mail, installing, building, upgradeing databases as well as checking the SQL Server Error Logs to ensure that processes have completed successfully.    • Administered the SQL Server 2012, 2008/2005 servers and production, pre-production, non-production databases, Application support and Performance Analysis/tuning.    • Extensive practical exposure to database administration, Performance Optimization, Security management, Capacity planning and documentation.    • Experienced in monitoring High Availability environments like active-active and active-passive clustering, Database Mirroring, Replications, and Log shipping.    • Implemented Recovery and Backup Strategies, Database Mirroring and snapshots for Disaster Recovery and reporting purposes.    • Experienced in planning and implementing Snapshot and Transactional Replications of MS SQL Server Databases.    • Experience in regular maintenance activities like Query Tuning, statistics update, Index rebuild, log file monitoring, temp DB monitoring, deadlock resolutions, and fragmentation issues.  • Experience working with production and 24 x 7 on call environments.    • Flexible, Enthusiastic and project oriented team player with excellent analytical skills to develop creative solutions for challenging client needs.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1201.html#227:::Software Engineer/ Database Administrator;Software Engineer;Mathematics Teacher;Computer Operator;MICROSOFT SQL SERVER;SQL SERVER;SQL;SSRS;C#;C++;PYTHON;VB.NET;POWER BI;MATLAB;EXCEL;MICROSOFT EXCEL;MICROSOFT POWERPOINT;POWERPOINT;MICROSOFT WORD;WORD;SPSS;BI;DBA;Sql Dba:::Software Engineer/ Database Administrator Software Engineer/<span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Software Engineer/ Database Administrator - S&K Logistics Augusta, GA Motivated and dependable professional with experience in software development and database administration. An adaptable leader that can work independently and can collaborate and communicate with team members, management, and customers to ensure productivity. Express tenacity when it comes to learning new materials. Regularly use free time to expand knowledge to enhance productivity. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Software Engineer/ Database Administrator S&K Logistics - Aiken, SC October 2016 to Present • Programmed and maintained web applications  • Achieved constant communication with the customer to ensure satisfaction  • Collaborated regularly with team members and customer on delivery of web applications  • Assembled documentation on newly developed applications  • Administered daily meetings to ensure working in an agile workplace  • Attained statistical reports using SQL, excel, and SSRS for customers to enhance productivity  • Formulated T-SQL queries to inquire the correct data from our databases to imbed into developed applications and reports  • Constructed and implemented failover clusters using SQL Server to implement zero downtime for our SharePoint system  • Scheduled SQL jobs of the databases to perform transactional, log, and differential backups  • Assisted the Cyber team on the upkeep of the SQL Servers to be in compliance with the SQL STIG. Software Engineer Areva - Aiken, SC May 2015 to October 2016 • Development and review of software life cycle documents such as software requirements specifications, software design descriptions, hazards analysis, trace matrix, etc.  • Implementation of software design with SCADA systems into source code.  • Develop and migrate SCADA systems by using WinCC OA.  • Maintenance of software and documents to implement changes resulting from either control system changes or correction of test deficiencies;  • Assure functional deliveries are properly placed under software configuration management  • Interpret I synthesize process control system design into written requirements based on upstream engineering documents and technical specifications. Mathematics Teacher Thomson High School - Thomson, GA August 2014 to May 2015 • Constructed lesson plans and activities to teach high school advanced mathematics  • Displayed classroom management skills and encouraged character development amongst students  • Administered assessments, exams, and homework to students  • Used various software to ensure proper documentation for student grades, parent interaction, etc.  • Spoke with parents on a consistent basis to ensure proper communication throughout the school year  • Analyzed data for student progress Computer Operator FIS Global - Thomson, GA May 2014 to August 2014 • Monitors and controls a computer console to process and complete jobs and the online network from the central network  • Investigates error conditions in computer processing, equipment malfunction and/or network (online) performance to determine and apply the required corrective procedure or action  • Maintains the physical inventory of a computer operations supplies in a designated storage area and keeps the various operations areas stocked with the supplies necessary for daily production Education BS in Mathematics in Mathematics in Computer Science / Augusta State University - Augusta, GA May 2014 Skills MICROSOFT SQL SERVER, SQL SERVER, SQL, SSRS, C#, C++, PYTHON, VB.NET, POWER BI, MATLAB, EXCEL, MICROSOFT EXCEL, MICROSOFT POWERPOINT, POWERPOINT, MICROSOFT WORD, WORD, SPSS, BI, DBA, Sql Dba Additional Information Skills  • Microsoft SQL Server 2016  • SSRS  • SPSS  • Python  • VB.Net  • Power BI    • C#  • C++  • Matlab  • Microsoft Excel  • Microsoft Word  • Microsoft PowerPoint
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1202.html#228:::Oracle Database Administrator/Applications DBA/Scrum Master;Database Administrator;Database Manager;Aws (6 years);Database (9 years);databases (9 years);Hp ux (Less than 1 year);Hp-ux. (1 year);Loader. (6 years);Microsoft windows (Less than 1 year);Ms sql server (6 years);Mysql (Less than 1 year);Nosql (Less than 1 year);Oem (6 years);Oracle (6 years);Oracle 10g (6 years);Solaris (1 year);Sparc (Less than 1 year);Sql (6 years);Sql server (6 years);Sun (Less than 1 year);Unix (6 years);Ux. (1 year):::Oracle Database Administrator/Applications DBA/Scrum Master Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span>/Applications DBA/Scrum Master Oracle Database Administrator/Applications DBA/Scrum Master - Hyundai Information Service Springfield, OH Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator/Applications DBA/Scrum Master Hyundai Information Service - Springfield, OH April 2018 to Present • Primary DBA for 100+ databases of Oracle 10g/11g/12c on Linux REHL, HP-UX. Worked as per ITSM/Remedy Incident ticket/Critical Response Time (CRT) call.  • RAC- Administration/Trouble-shooting of 3 Node cluster on Oracle 11G R2. Configuring Grid Infrastructure SCAN Listeners on 11gR2. Migrate OCR files to ASM. Trouble-shoot Resource related issues. Cluster-wide Resource management such as create resource plan, Service configuration, parallel instance group, Application Isolation. Stress testing, benchmarking of clustered database.  • Managed ASM storage. ASM cloning. Prepare/Add/remove ASM disks. Tuning of I/O on ASM based databases. Troubleshoot ASM crashes & memory problem.  • Data guard - configure primary -standby using duplicate from active database command of 11g. Apply SCN-based Incremental backup to sync standby after loss of Archivelogs on primary. Measure data loss based on latency/lag. Cross-platform migration using Data guard.  • Performed incremental backups using Recovery Manager (RMAN). Created recovery catalog, performed complete and incomplete recovery using RMAN.  • Installation of 3 nodes 10g RAC on Linux & Solaris with veritas cluster. Configured ASM, OCFS and RAW devices. Troubleshooting & tracing of RAC processes & CRS components. Relocate service. Tuning of RAC environment. Managing fail-over of instances. Resource utilization on each node. Monitor top objects in cache fusion and traffic.  • Backup by RMAN and data pump. Consistent backup using datapump. Diagnose and repair block level corruption using RMAN. Script and test RMAN backup/restore. Optimizing backup by compressing. Troubleshooting RMAN restore. Used RMAN convert command to transfer datafile from ASM. Duplicate database on remote host using 11g active database command. Hands on Veritas Netbackup.  • Audit database performance using ADDM reports, AWR snapshot and diagnostic SQL scripts. Identify and tuning of ad-hoc queries, PL/SQL code which are high intensive resources. Tuning instance by init parameter. Used explain plan and stats pack/TKPROF utility to Improve response time of query. Create/manage local partitioned and bit-map indexes.  • Developed, modified and optimized very complex queries to data retrieval using Explain Plan, SQL Trace, TKPROF, parallel processing and partitioning techniques.  • Monitoring the CPU, memory usage, I/O contention on servers using top, iostat, sar, glance, vmstat etc.  • Designed daily, weekly Backup and Recovery procedures for production, non- production databases using RMAN backups taking periodic Complete, cumulative and differential Incremental Backups.  • Migrated VLDB multi-terabyte databases around 10TB and redesigned the RMAN backup Strategy.  • Data Refresh/Cloning from Production environment to setup QA/ DEV using RMAN Duplicate.  • Intensively used latest 10g/11g Automatic Workload Repository (AWR) & Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitoring (ADDM) reports for the health check of the databases, and used the notification tool to send the alerts in OEM Grid Control.  • Scheduled scripts in crontab jobs to automate daily tasks like backups, monitoring the alert logs, backup logs, cleaning the old archive logs, old log files, tablespace monitoring to send notification emails.  • Tuning performance using Advisors, AWR, ADDM, SQL tuning etc.  • Performed Online and Offline backups with RMAN, export/import and expdp/impdp.  • Implemented Point in time recovery using RMAN.  • Experience using like - Real Application Testing, Table and partition recovery using RMAN, Invisible columns, DDL Logging  • Extensively used Oracle 11gR2 features - Real Application Testing, automatic SGA tuning, enhanced RMAN with Flash Recovery Area, Block Change Tracking, Merge backup, Oracle Data Pump, big file tablespaces, new EM Grid Control, Database Control, Studio Control, AWR, ADDM, SQL Tuning/Access Advisors, SQL Performance Analyzer, Database Replay, SQL Plan Management, SQL Tuning Automation, Flashback Database, compression techniques and several others.  • Performance Tuning of Oracle Database Objects using tools like EXPLAIN PLAN, SQL*TRACE, TKPROF, STATSPACK for optimized results.  • Configuration and implementation of Oracle) for high availability.  • Performed Schema as well as Table level Replication using Oracle Streams.  • Implemented downstream capture at the destination database using Oracle Streams.  • Installed and Configured Oracle OEM (Oracle Enterprise Manager) Grid Control.  • Extensive Experience with RMAN Backups, Hot Backups and Logical Backups.  • Extensively implemented Datapump, conventional Export/Import (Oracle 11g, 10g) for migration and logical backup of database.  • Database migration from Oracle to SQL Server, Oracle to AWS, SQL Server to AWS.  • Database replication in SQL Server.  • Performed ETL with SSIS, database analysis with SSAS and created bi-weekly reports using SSRS.  • Performed SQL Server database upgrade from 2008 to 2012 using SSMS.  • Strong skills in applying security patches (Patch set, Critical Patch Updates (CPU) / Patch Set Updates (PSU), One-off Patch) using "runInstaller" and perl based utility "opatch".  • Performance tuning of the database - SQL Tuning, Used Tuning utilities like STATSPACK, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN, AWR, ADDM and Tuning of SGA, distribution of disk I/O.  • Experienced in configuration of ASM for RAC and NON- RAC environments.  • Configured Repository and clients for GRID Control and also implemented DB Control for some databases.  • Supported & maintained the Production/ Development databases on various servers.  • Extensively worked on setting up auditing in many databases we supported..  • Managed Database Structure, Storage Allocation, Table/Index segments, Rollback Segments, Undo Segments, and Constraints.  • Installed ASM environment and migrated databases from NON-ASM to ASM.  • Monitored different databases and application servers using Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) 12c Grid Control.  • Strong experience in migrating database from Non-ASM to ASM and Non-RAC to RAC.  • Administered Oracle ASM disk groups (mirroring, compatibility) with Oracle ASM Configuration Assistant (ASMCA)  • Experience in installation, upgrade and maintenance of RAC (Real Application Cluster) 10g and 11g databases to support online applications.  • Configuring Automatic Storage Management (ASM) which includes creating disks and disk groups for oracle 10g and 11gR2 RAC databases.  • Experience in monitoring oracle instances and maintaining databases, performance using OEM (Oracle Enterprise Manager), Oracle GRID-control and database monitoring using 11g Grid monitoring tool.  • Experience with Shareplex for database replication in both Oracle and SQL Server databases.  • Experience with Oracle ERP: Oracle Apps with Oracle Financials, Manufacturing, HRMS modules.  • Experienced in Oracle Internet Directory Administration /SSO Oracle Identity Management and integration with Ebusiness suite R12.  • Patching, troubleshooting, maintaining ERP application and Oracle Database  • Experience in AR/AP in Oracle E-Business Suite R12 Finance module.  • Experience in Oracle Forms and Reports, using Oracle Application Express  • Responsible for RMAN backups, and improvement to backup with incremental back by adding block change tracking feature of Oracle 11gR2.  • Maintaining and scheduling Cold Backups, Hot Backups, and Export Dumps. Maintaining backups of Archive logs and automating cleaning of archive logs. Deploying RMAN to automate backup and maintaining scripts in recovery catalog.  • Data transferring with export/import utilities and Data Pump and SQL* Loader.  • Performing complete and incomplete recovery during disasters, failures and user errors.  • Configuring user creation, their roles and privileges profiles to control access over database objects.  • Strong skills in applying security patches (Patch set, Critical Patch Updates (CPU) / Patch Set Updates (PSU), One-off Patch) using "runInstaller" and perl based utility "opatch as well as database upgrades.  • Installed and maintained Real Application Clusters (RAC)  • Extensive experience in database production support.  • Database backup concepts and options such as user-managed backup, RMAN-managed backup with or without catalog, operating system backup, cold and hot backup, full backup, incremental and cumulative backup. Implementing backup and recovery strategies.  • Deployed Standby databases using Data Guard 11G (Maximum Performance).  • Experience with Oracle Middleware Fusion 11g and 12c for identity management and application development.  • Resolved daily tickets using ServiceNow.  • Provided high performance on business intelligence and data warehouse style queries using Informix Warehouse Accelerator in conjunction with newer technologies like deep compression and columnar database.  • Experience in performance tuning with STATSPACK/AWR, TKPROF, 10046 TRACE EXECUTION PLANS, SQL PROFILES, SQL PLAN BASELINES, using OEM.  • Proficient in EC2 instance deployment, Lambda, S3 EFS, Glacier, Storage Gateway, RDS, DynamoDB, AWS Migration Hub, Database and Server Migration Service, VPC, Route53, CloudFront, IAM, and API Gateway alongside database migration to the AWS servers.  • Experience creating, managing, creating dashboards, reports and analyses on Logi Analytics using Logi Adhoc.  • Experience in shaping, analyzing, and visualizing data using Logi Datahub.  • Decision-making through a recommendations approach that delivers best practices in data profiling and data visualization to make analysis easier for non-technical users and collaborating using social techniques such as tagging, following, notifying, pinning, and ranking for workgroups to share and discuss insights.  • Efficiently carried out DBA responsibilities in planning DB2 version migration activities, in migration phases and in performing post migration tasks  • Monitored and managed DB2 thread and locking issues  • Produced and analyzed DB2 performance reports.  • Experience in Erwin Data Modeling by using CA Erwin Modeler R9.8  • Experience in migrating and modeling data from different databases and datawarehouses to Erwin.  • Experience with IBM Utilities and JCL, Omegamon, Mainframe DB2 DBA experience Version 11.  • Experience in managing the database for Accounts Payable/Accounts Receivable in Oracle E-Business Suites R12 Finance module.  • Experience supporting PeopleSoft and HRM applications which are also in the finance module.  • Database refresh on the live environment of the AR/AP module, I have done patching and upgrades from UAT, TEST and DEV environments then finally the LIVE environment.  • Installing and configuring nagios check postgresql.pl plugins for Monitoring PostgreSQL instances effectively.  • Proactive in updating the latest security patches to database, which are provided by PostgreSQL open source community.  • Studied and stayed current on features and functionality of PostgreSQL.  • Install, configure, test, monitor, upgrade, and tune new and existing PostgreSQL databases.  • Plans and coordinates the administration of PostgreSQL databases to ensure accurate, appropriate, and effective use of data, including database definition, structure, documentation, long - range requirements, and operational guidelines.    Environment: RHEL 5.X, 6.X; Windows NT 2000/2003; Oracle 10g, 11g, 12c, SQL Server 2008, 2012, PostGreSQL, MariaDB, AWS, Oracle ERP, DB2, Oracle E-Business Suite R12, Logi Vision 2.1. Database Administrator Acceptance Insurance - Springfield, OH April 2013 to March 2018 • Successfully installed and configured Oracle 11.1.0.7, Oracle 10.2.0.5 databases on AIX platforms.  • Monitored different databases and application servers using Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) 10gGrid Control.  • Loading data from flat files to database using SQL*Loader, External Tables.  • Extensively used AWR, ADDM and explain plan for periodic performance tuning.  • Have set up the cronjobs for runalert, spacewatch monitoring, RMAN backup (level_0 and level_1) and recovery, archive log purge, deletion of archive logs and AWR reports on AIX-5.3.  • Golden Gate Heterogenous replication using Log miner utility.  • Monitoring and Troubleshooting of Database Replication issues using Golden Gate dealt with conflict resolution and performance issues.  • Monitor and maintain security by managing roles/privileges for users of the databases.  • Apply the PSU patches and RMAN patches to the binaries as well as to the databases.  • Cloned/Refreshed Oracle Databases and Oracle Applications for development and testing.  • Conduct Pre-patch analysis for different types of patches as requested by customer.  • Set up boxes and install required software and prepare operation guides for the same.  • Work closely with application teams in troubleshooting issues, support root cause analysis and resolve issues.  • Frequently tested and updated development databases to production as well as used database cloning.  • Applying Patches 11.2.0.3 and applying Oracle DST Patches on Oracle database.  • Actively involved in security administration adopting the principle of least privilege, managing default user accounts, implemented standard password security features, auditing database activity, and registering & applying security updates and Advanced Oracle security.  • Experience in Clockware and Grid Control  • Experience in Oracle Advanced Security - Transparent Data Encryption, Oracle Wallet, PKI and Kerberos.  • Used normal import and export and also datapump import and export for exporting and importing schemas, tables etc from one database to another.  • Configure Oracle Advanced Security on 12c databases to implement Transparent Data Encryption at tablespace, table and column levels. Also configured Redaction using OEM's Policy expression builder.  • Performance Tuning for Optimized results using Explain-Plan, SQL-Trace, STATS PACK Reports and AWR Reports.  • Extensively worked with dba_jobs, dba_scheduler_jobs, functions, procedures and packages.  • Responsible for tuning the database performance issues like query tuning and memory tuning (SGA tuning) and also partitioned the tables and indexes for better performance.  • Have used different tools like TOAD (10.1), EXPLAIN PLAN, AWR, ADDM Oracle enterprise manager (GRID CONTROL).  • Installed ASM environment and migrated databases from NON-ASM to ASM.  • Used TOAD, OEM, TKProf, StatsPack, SQL Trace for database management.  • Made optimal use of Oracle Support in resolving the SRs.  • 24 X 7 Production & Development database support and administration.  • AWS Training on Certified Solutions Architect.  • Database migration from Oracle to AWS, SQL Server to AWS.  • Experience in performing database database migration from SQL Server 2012 to 2016.  • Performed SQL Server database upgrade from 2008 to 2012, and from 2012 to 2016.  • Experience in Real Application Clusters (RAC) setup, configuration and cluster interconnection with Automatic Storage Management (ASM), configured user log on load balancing and failover on RAC database for high availability.  • Strong experience in migrating database from Non-ASM to ASM and Non-RAC to RAC.  • Have Hands on experience in Oracle 10g, 11g 3-Node RAC implementation & administration (Oracle Cluster ware setup and configuration, RAC installation using ASM, Configuration and Patching, RAC Backup and Recovery).  • Management of database security with managing users, grant user privileges on data dictionaries, schemas, tables and table spaces, creating roles and profiles, password authentication, table partitioning, indexes, grant quotas for users.  • Writing scripts in the UNIX based environments for managing the users roles and privileges, scheduled backups (using data-pump /cold backups), manage statistics, Disk space management.  • Experience on Oracle monitoring tools including Oracle Application Server monitoring and Oracle Linux monitoring using TOP commands.  • Performance tuning of the database - SQL Tuning, Used Tuning utilities like STATSPACK, AWR, ADDM and Tuning of SGA, Distribution of disk I/O, Sizing of tables and indexes.  • Expertise in using EXPLAIN PLAN for query optimization and Performance diagnostic tools like SQL Trace and TKPROF.  • Experience in application and memory tuning with explain plan, TKPROF, STATSPACK, SQL trace, SQL optimization utilities, SQL tuning advisor, SQL access advisor and SQL planned management.  • Experience in installing, upgrading, configuring E-Business Suite application across multiple environments.  • Experienced in upgrading cycles for Oracle Applications EBS  • Patching, troubleshooting, maintaining ERP application and Oracle Database  • Experience in AR/AP in Oracle E-Business Suite R12 Finance module.  • Experienced in Oracle Internet Directory Administration /SSO Oracle Identity Management and integration with E-business suite R12.  • Experience in using tools like AWR (automatic workload repository), ADDM (automatic database diagnostic monitor) and ASH (active session history) for database performance reports.  • Experienced in creating RDS instances to serve data through servers for responding to requests.  • Proficient in AWS services like VPC, EC2, S3, ELB, Auto Scaling Groups (ASG), EBS, RDS, IAM, CloudFormation, Route 53.  • Implemented Amazon RDS multi-AZ for automatic failover and high availability at the database tier.  • Worked on the databases of the Amazon RDS and carried out functionalities for creating instances as per the requirements.  • Used IBM Informix for Big Data, Analysis and ETL capabilities.  • Database security for Informix Database Servers and Oracle database  • Performed schema migration from Oracle database to Informix as well as datawarehousing.  • Experience in Erwin Data Modeling by using CA Erwin Modeler R9.8  • Designed, tested and debugged external and DB2 native stored procedures. Worked with remote stored procedure calls.  • Extensive experience in utilities and tools used for database monitoring (DB2 traces, online performance monitors, reports, EXPLAIN, DB2 catalog queries) , data movement and organization (LOAD,UNLOAD,REORG) ,data consistency utilities and catalog manipulation utilities (RUNSTATS,MODIFY,STOSPACE),etc  • Competent and experienced in using IBM utilities, Omegamon and other third party tools like CA/DB2 tools (platinum products) and BMC tools.  • Administered DB2 subsystems in Prod, Qual, Test and Development regions.  • Experience in migrating and modeling data from different databases and datawarehouses to Erwin.  • Responsible for configuring, integrating, and maintaining all Development, QA, Staging and Production PostgreSQL databases within the organization.  • Responsible for all backup, recovery, and upgrading of all of the PostgreSQL databases.  • Installing and monitoring PostgreSQL database using the standard monitoring tools like Nagios etc.  • Monitoring the DB growth for every month in DWH databases and planning to implement the table partitioning for better performance in PostGreSQL.  • Working as Principle Consultant mentoring junior dba's, took initiatives on new projects writing scripts, APEX and reviewing changes, Cloud Infrastructure, Cloud PaaS and SaaS Support.  • Supporting different Oracle different databases and als using Oracle Enterprise Manager Cloud Control 12c running on top of WLS.  • Wrote Applications which sits on oracle cloud using APEX involving, PLSQL, and TRIGGERS etc  • Create and manage service instance in Oracle IaaS/DBaaS Cloud Service  • Migrate on premise Oracle database to Oracle Exadata Cloud Service  • Configure shared file system for EBS 12.1.3 on Oracle Cloud    Environment: Oracle 11.1.0.7, 10.2.0.5, SQL Server 2012, IBM AIX V6.1, RHEL 5.2, RAC, ASM, RMAN, AWR, ADDM, SQL* Plus, SQL*Loader, OEM, DB2, TOAD 10.0, PostGreSQL, AWS. Database Manager YAI V - New York, NY May 2010 to March 2013 • Reports and Dashboards  • Develop reports and dashboards in native Salesforce and using Apsona for complex reporting  • needs  Guide staff through Salesforce and Nonprofit Success Pack, (NPSP) data model  Train staff on data entry, notes and action items  • Data prep and importProvide support with cleaning and prep for larger volume data imports  • Data Governance  • Ensure data integrity both in terms of de-duplication of records and accuracy of data.  • Deploy data validation rules to ensure data entry standards.  • Ensure conformity to NPSP data model, including the use of NPSP objects, (Relationships, Affiliations, GAUs)  • Manage constituent data for all communications  • Establish Moves Management using engagement plans and levels  • Implement and manage de-duplication strategy for manually entered and API captured data in Salesforce.  • Documentation and support  • Assist with documentation of system changes  • Help manage incoming system requests  • Support change management process for system improvements and upgrades  • Support technical onboarding and troubleshooting for new staff  • Work with external consultants for larger projects and system enhancements  • Work with Communications, Advancement and Program teams to ensure consistent integration of Salesforce with proposed or current web interface  • Manage the integration of third-party applications including Apsona, Classy and MailChimp    • 2 years of applicable CRM work experience, required. Salesforce Administrator Certification preferred.  • At minimum, 3 years of professional experience.  • Demonstrated knowledge of the Salesforce.com platform, required.  • Familiarity with the Nonprofit Success Pack (NPSP).  • Knowledge of donor databases and database integration for websites preferred.  • Experience with Visual Flow, Visualforce and Apex Triggers a plus.  • Excellent project management skills. Proven track record of achieving results.  • Proficient in data manipulation and basic ETL processes.  • Strong technical skills.  • Prior experience with technology support preferred, or an aptitude for learning technology quickly.  • Demonstrated experience working closely and building relationships with diverse groups of people.  • Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English.  • Sound judgment, sensitivity to diverse constituencies, excellent interpersonal skills, proven ability to demonstrate initiative and motivation.  • Prior experience in a fast-paced, growth-oriented organization.  • Ability to take initiative and manage multiple priorities simultaneously.  • Desire to work in a mission-driven, non-profit organization Education Bachelors' of Science in Public Health in Public Health University of Maryland College Park - College Park, MD May 2018 Associates of Arts in General Studies in General Studies Community College of Baltimore County December 2014 Skills Aws (6 years), Database (9 years), databases (9 years), Hp ux (Less than 1 year), Hp-ux. (1 year), Loader. (6 years), Microsoft windows (Less than 1 year), Ms sql server (6 years), Mysql (Less than 1 year), Nosql (Less than 1 year), Oem (6 years), Oracle (6 years), Oracle 10g (6 years), Solaris (1 year), Sparc (Less than 1 year), Sql (6 years), Sql server (6 years), Sun (Less than 1 year), Unix (6 years), Ux. (1 year) Additional Information Areas of Expertise  Databases  Oracle 12c, Oracle 12.2R, Oracle 11g, Oracle 10g, SQL Server, MySQL, NoSQL, PostGreSQL, AWS.    Oracle Database Tools  SQL*Loader, TKPROF, Toad, OEM, Toad, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN,STATSPACK, AWR, ADDM, ASH, SQL, Developer, Grid Control    Operating Systems  Solaris 10/9/8, Sun Sparc, RHEL 5.X/4.X, OEL, HP UX 11i, Windows 2000/2003 server
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1203.html#229:::SQL Server Database Specialist;SQL Server Database Administrator;SQL Server DBA;SECURITY;PERFORMANCE TUNING;DRAFTING:::SQL Server Database Specialist SQL Server <span class="hl">Database</span> Specialist SQL Server Database Specialist - NBTY, Inc Cherry Hill, NJ • 8+ years of experience in Microsoft SQL including 2014/2012/2008/2008 R2, SSIS, SSAS, and SSRS enterprise editions and exposure to 2016.  • Involvement through the phases of the software development life cycle (SDLC) including Requirement Gathering, Analysis, Design, Development, testing, and Post-Production Support.  • Experience in planning, installing, configuring, and managing of SQL 2014/2012, 2008 R2 and 2016 server.  • Working with system and user-defined databases, database files, and file groups.  • Skill in designing, creating, configuring, monitoring, upgrading, and supporting databases.  • Experience in planning, Implementing, and administering HA/DR solutions like log shipping, Mirroring, Replication, Clustering, and Always on the Availability group.  • Proficiency on performance monitoring using SQL server profiler, performance monitor, activity monitor, extended events, Database engine tuning advisor (DTA), and Server-side traces.  • Very good knowledge in fine tuning long running T-SQL scripts by breaking down complex scripts to simple once, creating Indexes, updating statistics and so on.  • Hands-on experience in Database Administration Operations like Backup, Recovery, Installing, Configuring, Managing, monitoring and using SQL Profiler.  • Designed and developed ETL-SSIS packages with various transformations, stored procedures, configuration files and tables.  • Expert in Extracting and transforming data (ETL) from various heterogeneous sources and loading them into various heterogeneous sources.  • Implemented Event Handlers and Error Handling in SSIS packages.  • Knowledge of capacity planning and storage management, expanding, and shrinking databases.  • Skill on creating database objects like views, indexes, stored procedures, functions, and triggers.  • Extensive experience creating user and groups' logins, granting necessary permissions, and monitor activities enforcing the security policy.  • Setting up, Scheduling and maintenance plans, jobs, notifications, and alerts.  • Creating and configuring and managing partially contained databases, and database Snapshots.  • Monitoring, Rebuilding and reorganizing indexes at regular intervals for better performance.  • Strong understanding in performance tuning, query optimization, and resolving database performance issues including blocking, deadlocking, and index fragmentation.  • Skilled in database encryption and column level encryption.  • Implementing, managing and troubleshooting SQL server security, and audit.  • Troubleshooting SQL server by Reading and analyzing event viewer and SQL server error logs.  • Experienced in writing complex T-SQL scripts to support Ad-hoc needs.  • Experience in creating various complex reports in SSRS (tabular, drill down, drill through, matrix, chart, and parameterized) per requirements.  • Experience in SCRUM & Agile Process.  • Experience in Service Management (which includes Incident, Change and Problem) and well versed in handling issues in Production. Work Experience SQL Server Database Specialist NBTY, Inc - Cherry Hill, NJ May 2018 to Present Roles and Responsibilities:  • Maximize data integrity by establishing new SQL Server security best practices/transparent data encryption.  • Bolster performance by leveraging execution plans, DVM, Profiler, and Database Tuning Advisor.  • Take the initiative on vital installation, configuration, and maintenance operations for MS SQL Server 2012/16.  • Expertly apply patches and hotfixes were necessary to keep databases functioning at peak performance.  • Administer user permissions and accounts on MS SQL Server and databases according to company policies.  • Ensure that all data is safeguarded by implementing a backup, recovery plan, and point-in-time recovery.  • Facilitate smooth updates and backups for databases by managing database maintenance plans.  • Manage the development and installation of SSIS packages, Windows tasks, and SQL Server Agent jobs.  • Employ the SSIS package for migrating data from CSV flat files to or from SQL Server Database.  • Promptly investigate, identify, and resolve problems related to a member, I/O, disk space, blocking, deadlock, index fragmentation, growth patterns, error logs, database integrity, connectivity, and the CPU.  • Involved in designing, developing and testing of the ETL (Extract, Transformation and Load) strategy to populate the data from various source systems feeds using SSIS.  • Used various SSIS task such as conditional split, derived column, which did data scrubbing, including data validation checks during staging before loading data to data warehouse and data marts.  • Developed complex SQL queries using stored procedures, common table expressions (CTEs), temporary table to support Power BI and SSRS reports.  • Developed complex programs in T-SQL, writing Stored Procedures, Triggers, Views, Cursors, CTE's, schemas, used DDL, DML commands. Designed cubes with star schema using SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS).  Environment: SSIS, SQL Server 2016/2008 R2, Windows 7 Enterprise, JIRA, T-SQL, SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS), Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS), Team foundation Server (TFS), SharePoint, MS Excel. SQL Server Database Administrator North-Shore Medical Centre - Boston, MA August 2015 to April 2018 Roles and Responsibilities:  • Oversaw all daily operations and maintenance tasks for database infrastructure, which included security administration, backups, monitoring, and performance tuning to ensure security and optimal efficiency.  • Supported the production/development environment of SQL Server 2012/2008R2 on Windows Server 2012R2.  • Enhanced scalability and performance by construction and updating tables, indexes, constraints, and views.  • Carefully monitored SQL Server to eliminate any deadlocks and resolve issues with memory/performance.  • Worked extensively with HA features, which included log shipping, mirroring, and replication projects.  • Utilized JIRA to handle trouble tickets; quickly addressed problem tickets and maintained SQL system records.  • Developed SQL Queries to fetch complex data from different tables in remote databases using joins, database links and formatted the results into reports and kept logs  • Created packages in SSIS with error handling and worked with different methods of logging in SSIS.  • Monitor SQL Error Logs / Schedule Tasks/ database activity/ eliminate Blocking & deadlocks user counts and connections/locks etc.  • Implement automated Index Maintenance strategy run as SQL Jobs daily.  • Worked on Transactional Replication and replicated thousands of tables from various Databases to different production Server. Resolving any dead locks issues with the Databases/Servers on a real-time basis.  • Worked on development, implementation, administration and support of ETL processes for large-scale Data Warehouses using SSIS and DTS.  • Managed indexes, statistics and tuned queries by using execution plan for optimizing the performance of the databases. Query optimizations (T SQL or Query Analyzer) using query analyzer and Index tuning wizards.    Environment: SQL Server 2012/2016, T-SQL, SSIS (SQL Server Integration Services), SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services), SSAS, Visio, Share point Products, MS Query Analyzer, Profiler. SQL Server DBA MTA - New York, NY May 2011 to July 2015 Roles and Responsibilities:  • Increased user/data security by implementing SQL logins, roles, and authentication modes.  • Directed the deployment of database objects and structure changes across multiple types of environments.  • Leveraged top-notch technical expertise to draft technical documentation and information flow charts.  • Used the DBCC utility to resolve database errors and corruptions; capably performed scheduled maintenance.  • Coordinated database backups, integrity checks, and scheduled jobs to verify that operations were maintained.  • Carefully monitored SQL Server to eliminate any deadlocks and resolve issues with memory/performance. Implemented Constraints (Primary Key, Foreign Key, Default, Unique, Check and Not Null/Null) and fine tune Indexes on Tables.  • Performed database consistency checks at regular intervals.  • Involved in database design process and data modeling process using diagrams and Visio.  • Used Database Engine Tuning advisor and SQL Profiler for Monitoring memory, processor, Disk I/O and SQL Queries.  • Implemented Performance Tuning of T-SQL Statements effectively with SQL Profiler and Database Tuning Advisor.  Environment:SQL Server 2005/2008, T-SQL Windows Enterprise Server 2003/2008, Enterprise Manager, SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Server Business Intelligence Studio. Education Bachelor of Business Administration in Business Administration Baruch College - New York, NY Bachelor's Skills SECURITY, PERFORMANCE TUNING, DRAFTING
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1204.html#230:::Pilot in training;Database Administrator;Aircraft Mechanic;Audio Video Administrator;Store Manager:::Pilot in training Pilot in training Database Administrator - Arkansas Army Air Support Facility Cabot, AR I am a veteran who has 9 years of service in the United States Army. I have served as a Medevac crew chief and network administrator during my time in the military. I am currently in flight school for the Army and will have my private pilot’s license with an instrument rating upon completion. Flying is my passion and I am extremely motivated to be the best in my field. While serving in the Army I have developed outstanding teamwork skills. Teamwork is an area that I thrive in because I can lead a group and I can follow directions to reach a goal. I have a wide variety of skills that range from aircraft maintenance and flying to instructing others on how to perform complex tasks and procedures. As an aircraft maintainer I have learned how to take instructions and fulfill the requirements of the task exactly as it is required. This attention to detail has become a foundation for my work ethic and I will continue to build on my experience. I look forward to hearing from you and hope to be a productive part of your team in the near future. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Pilot in training U.S. Army - Fort Rucker, AL December 2018 to Present I have been in flight school for the U.S. Army learning my craft as a pilot. I have gained invaluable experience learning to fly a Bell 206 and UH-60 Blackhawk. I have completed instruments training and upon completion of flight school I will have my private pilots license with an instrument rating. Database Administrator Arkansas Army Air Support Facility September 2015 to Present • Managed and maintained the database for the entire fleet of UH-60 helicopters.  • Used SQL Server to modify and delete database entries.  • Gained knowledge and learned how to manage a database. Aircraft Mechanic Arkansas Army Air Support Facility December 2009 to Present Maintained the UH-60 aircraft by performing preventive maintenance and troubleshooting of complex systems.  • Performed routine inspections and maintenance to keep aircraft fully mission capable.  • Maintained aircraft records and forms to ensure airworthiness was accurately documented and reflected on the appropriate documents. Audio Video Administrator Arkansas Army Air Support Facility June 2012 to June 2015 • Sole audio and video teleconference administrator for the state of Arkansas.  • Managed 54 conferencing systems and scheduled all of the conferences for the state.  • Managed the Tandberg and Polycom conferencing systems for conferences.  • Performed first tier troubleshooting processes for these systems.  • Prioritized device maintenance and required downtime.  • Worked with various states' personnel to ensure that personnel in Arkansas could flawlessly communicate with personnel, to include the Pentagon and various other states. Store Manager Eight Mile Store November 2009 to June 2011 Attained the store management position at the age of 17.  • Ensured that customer support was satisfactory while also leading a group of three to four people to ensure that the business goals were met.  • Resolved any issues that arose so my problem solving skills developed very well while I gained management experience at the same time. Education Bachelor's in Network and Communications Management DeVry University - Chicago, IL 2012 to 2016 Certification in Basic Leadership Non-Commissioned Officer Academy - Ball, LA March 2015 to April 2015 Military Service Branch: Army Service Country: United States Rank: Warrant Officer 1 December 2009 to Present Additional Information Skills -Excellent Communication skills -Technical skills in IT Networking Fundamentals  -Technical skills in aircraft maintenance procedures
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1205.html#231:::Sr. Oracle Database Administrator;Sr. Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;DATABASES (7 years);DATABASE (7 years);ORACLE (7 years);SQL (7 years);RMAN (7 years):::Sr. Oracle Database Administrator Sr. Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Sr. Oracle Database Administrator - Trade Navigator Colorado Springs, CO ? 7+ years of experience as Senior Database Administrator in planning, designing, installing, configuring, upgrades and patches, performance tuning including RMAN backup and recovery, cloning, Database Security and administering multiple Oracle databases with EXADATA, RAC, DATA GUARD, GOLDENGATE in Oracle Enterprise Linux, Red Hat & Sun Solaris UNIX (SAN storage, RAID).  ? Solid skills in database design, optimization and performance tuning, design and developed applications, and SQL queries, Flash-Back Recovery, Data Pump, ASM, ASH, AWR, ADDM, Automatic Undo management, OEM Grid Monitoring and Recycle Bin, SCAN, FAN, TAF, RAC ONE NODE, Server pools.  ? Hands on experience in managing enterprise level (Multiple TB) size databases as well as 24x7 Production support of Oracle 9i/10g/11g/12c databases.  ? Worked on Oracle Data Masking and Sub setting to help database customers improve security, accelerate compliance, and reduce IT costs by sanitizing copies of production data for testing, development, and other activities and by easily discarding unnecessary data.  ? Experienced in Planning, Installation, Physical and Logical Database Design, Backup and Recovery, Cloning or Refreshing Database and Oracle Applications.  ? Experienced in upgrading Oracle database to 10.2.0.4 to 11.2.0.4 to 12C.  ? Experience in setting up and maintaining Oracle Data Guard for production databases.  ? Expertise in using ORADEBUG, TKPROF and SQLT for fixing performance tuning issues.  ? Proficient in analyzing and optimizing queries, performance tuning and providing reports using TKPROF and Explain Plan.  ? Expertise in converting single instance database to two node Real Application Cluster (RAC) / Automatic Storage Management (ASM)  ? Experience in registering services through OEM11g/12c GRID Control.  ? Configured and maintained physical standby databases using Oracle DATAGUARD to perform quick disaster recovery.  ? Experience in using Golden Gate to support data replication monitoring, tuning and capacity planning.  ? Data Guard setup with Primary and Standby Databases.  ? Good Experience on RMAN, Data pump, Flashback tables, ASM, ADDM, AWR, ASH.  ? Development of automated RMAN scripts for both backups and cloning of Oracle Databases  ? Install, configure and troubleshoot all components maintained multiple Oracle databases.  ? Perform day-to-day database administration and ensure integrity, security and availability of applications environments.  ? Implemented active Oracle Data Guard to facilitate data protection, site redundancy and disaster recovery.  ? Written KORN shell scripts in UNIX and scheduled the job using CRON and Tivoli scheduling.  ? Good experience in SQL, PL/SQL, Perl Scripting, Shell Scripting, Partitioning, Data modeling, OLAP, Logical and Physical Database Design, Backup and Recovery procedures.  ? Expertise in SQL, PL/SQL, and developing various Data Database objects like Triggers, Stored procedures, Functions, Sequencesand Views etc.  ? Proficient in SQL, PL/SQL, Perl Scripting, Shell Scripting, Oracle Data Dictionary - Meta data, Logical and Physical Database Design.  ? Create, maintain and provide support to Oracle Cluster databases.  ? Installed Oracle grid infrastructure & Oracle database software to meet the current needs and upgraded as needed to meet the expansion needs of the company.  ? Utilized Golden Gate for data replication and synchronization  ? Developed RMAN scripts for database Backup and recovery including- hot and cold backup  ? Experience in Security Management and Database Auditing.  ? Worked on Fusion applications and oracle Spatial with SaaS Pot environments, Worked on Oracle 12c database fusion applications  ? Tuning the databases for optimal performance and monitoring CPU performance.  ? Database Upgrading from one server to another using RMAN.  ? Expertise in RMAN for recovery and cloning and in applying security patches.  ? Basic Administration of UNIX systems (Solaris, LINUX, HP-UNIX TRU64, AIX).  ? Experienced in writing UNIX shell scripts and setting up cron jobs for database needs.  ? Expertise in Cloning of databases from RAC to RAC and RAC to non-RAC, Maintaining Hot Backups, Cold Backup.  ? Monitored and managed various database components (logical & physical) like table- spaces, segments  ? Work on Data Masking and sub setting can be performed on a cloned copy of the original data, eliminating any overhead on production systems  ? Experience in working with ticketing tools BMC Track IT and Bugzilla.  ? Strong Analytical skills and ability to interact with end-users, managers, and technical personnel, Good team player, self-motivated and a quick learner.  ? Proficient in raising SR's with Oracle Support and using Meta link to resolve the bottlenecks in the database environments.  ? Installed and applied various patches which includes patch set, CPU/PSU, One-off patches and also upgraded oracle database 9i to 10g and 10g to 11g.  ? Hands on experience in complete recovery, incomplete recovery (PITR, TSPITR), Flashback Recovery, Disaster Recovery, recovering data files and control files.  ? Expertise in managing database security by creating new users, roles, profiles and providing required user privileges in development, test, training and production environments.  ? Worked on Creation of table spaces, data files, roles, redo logs, rollback segments, stored procedures, functions, packages and Triggers.  ? Managed and supported 24X7 Production Database support on call.  ? Excellent communication skills, good organizational skills, outgoing personality, self-motivated, hardworking and grasp quickly. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Oracle Database Administrator Trade Navigator - Colorado Springs, CO December 2016 to Present Responsibilities:  ? Installed the 4 node RAC for the 12c database and administered the 12c databases on the RAC servers.  ? Performed health checks of RAC cluster ware components and Troubleshooting Issues using Cluster ware logs in 12C and 11g RAC Environments.  ? Performance tuning of databases using AWR, ASH reports, ADDM reports, provided instance level performance monitoring and tuning for Event Waits.  ? Heavily involved in production support for multiple databases ranging from 1TB to 60TB in a 24/7 environment.  ? Migrated 12c Non CDB databases to pluggable databases.  ? Hands on experience with Installation, Configurations, Migrations, Oracle Data guard, backup and recovery using RMAN, Disaster Recovery and Patching.  ? Involved in Upgrading and Migrating 15TB of Oracle databases on Oracle 11g, 12c.  ? Had a chance to Tune SQL statements using Explain plan, SQL Trace, TKPROF and STATSPACK.  ? Analyzed the user requirements and designed partitioned tables for improving performance of Data Marts.  ? Performed Partition Maintenance and automated the process of creating new Partitions as and when required.  ? Used OEM 11g and 12c grid control for monitoring multiple databases and notification of database alerts and configured EM agents on multiple database servers.  ? Worked extensively on Erwin and ER Studio in several projects in both OLAP and OLTP applications.  ? Installed and maintained OCR, 11gRAC and Data guard components of Oracle.  ? Experience in applying several patches such as CPU/PSU patches, interim patches as per the Oracle recommendations.  ? Managed testing, assisted developers, and created backups by Exporting and Importing tables when needed.  ? Performance tuning, Golden Gate replication and used Log dump and report files for troubleshooting.  ? Installed OEM13c on database 12.1.0.2 and monitored databases using grid control.  ? Established and maintained comprehensive data model documentation including detailed descriptions of business entities, attributes, and data relationships.    Environment: Oracle 11g, 12c, RAC, Golden Gate, OEM, ASM, RMAN, Data guard Sr. Oracle Database Administrator Broadridge Financial Solutions - Edgewood, NY October 2014 to November 2016 Responsibilities:  ? Extensively involved in Golden Gate 12c installation, setup on Oracle Database for unidirectional and bidirectional replication.  ? Worked on all database activities such as User management, space management and database security management on 10g, 11g and 12c databases on SOLARIS, LINUX, IBM AIX and WINDOWS servers.  ? Worked on administering 10 Production databases and more than 40 non-production databases of size ranging from 10GB to 5 TB on Solaris/AIX/LINUX servers.  ? Performed high level Troubleshooting and Tuning, Written Shell Scripts for monitoring performance and health checks in Golden Gate 12c.  ? Responsible for setting up environments like installing, maintaining Oracle 12c RAC, Standby databases for High availability and Disaster recovery, upgrading and configuring the Oracle environment by creating databases, storage structures and objects, database backup and recovery, monitoring and optimizing database performance.  ? Installed 11g/12c software and created databases in RAC and non RAC environments for new projects by interacting with multiple application teams.  ? Applied Patches including PSU and Bug fixes for database performance issues.  ? Configured Physical Standby for Production databases and converted Physical standby to Snapshot Standby and ACTIVE data-guard.  ? Performed Schema as well as Table Level Replication using Oracle Golden Gate and also did set up Disaster Recovery solution using Golden Gate.  ? Involved in writing UNIX shell scripts for backup and recovery, Import and export procedure, PL/SQL functions, procedures, packages and triggers.  ? Hands on experience in creating new redo log groups on ASM and NON-ASM environment to resolve performance issues by extending the existing redo logs.  ? Evaluating and performing the Backup and Recovery Procedures periodically using RMAN.  ? Restored backups from tapes and validated the backups, performed day to day administrative tasks by analyzing the database like checking for failed processors, verifying the query for particular issues and validating disk space.  ? Worked on a 24x7 Production database and applications support on an onshore/offshore model.  ? Analyzed the user requirements, designed partitioned tables and created indexes for improving performance and manageability because many queries can prune partitions.  ? Performance tuning and testing stored procedures, indexes and triggers using SQL server profiler, execution plans and SQL Tuning advisor.  ? Hands on experience in enabling auditing and finding the schemas failed login attempts, created and dropped users, granting and revoking rights as and when required.  ? Assisted IT Analysts on technical database issues and features.  ? Able to work effectively with multiple teams at once. Able to thrive in a fast-paced, time compressed and dynamic environment. Solid skills and discipline for Change Management practices processes.  ? Performed timely database refreshes at schema and table level based on the requirement.  ? Supported multiple services and multiple databases of medium complexity with multiple concurrent users, ensuring control, integrity and accessibility of data.  ? Written Stored Procedures and Triggers for database maintenance and management using PL/SQL.  ? Installed Oracle 12c database in the test environment and tested the upgrade from Oracle 11g to 12c.  ? Tested database performance issues (monitoring and tuning) to ensure database optimization.  ? Expertise in Oracle networking, Performed Daily Monitoring of Oracle Instances, monitor users, and table spaces, Memory Structures, Rollback Segments, Logs and Alerts.  ? Proactively managed the databases, set up notifications, alarms using shell scripts for managing any exceptions in day to day management of the databases.    Environment: Oracle 10g, 11gR1,11gR2, 12c, RHEL 5/6, SOLARIS 10/11, IBM AIX, OEM, RMAN, Grid, RAC, ASM, Data-guard, Golden Gate, TOAD, TDE, Shell Scripting. Oracle Database Administrator TesyncSree Technologies - IN February 2011 to June 2014 Responsibilities:  ? 24x7 Production Oracle Database Administrations.  ? Maintaining production, development & test databases and applications.  ? Oracle 10g Database Implementation/Upgrade/Support.  ? Oracle 10g Application Server Implementation/Upgrade/Support, Schedule backup in 11g using db console.  ? Constant monitoring of database space and space management  ? Implementing backup and recovery procedures including logical backup (RMAN), physical backup (online/offline) and integrating the backup procedures.  ? Performed recovery from instance and media failures.  ? Performed capacity planning and space management.  ? Worked on RAC Installation, Configuration and Administration of Oracle 11g RAC.  ? In depth knowledge of Oracle 11g RAC, RAC internals and RAC tuning.  ? Migrated single instance databases to multinode 10g RAC environment for high availability and load balancing.  ? Implementation of High Availability solutions with Oracle 10g RAC, Physical and Logical Structures.  ? Knowledge of the Oracle Golden Gate installation, configuration. Proficiency using Oracle Golden Gate replication monitoring, tuning and capacity planning.  ? Worked on disaster recovery exercises using Oracle Data Guard technologies including Fail-over and Switch-over operations.  ? Extensive performance tuning experience, specializing in Operating system tuning, SQL tuning, Database/Instance tuning.  ? Assisted in disaster recovery procedures and recovery using Data Guard.  ? Maintained users, roles and privileges in Oracle database for the development team.  ? Carried out disk space maintenance on various UNIX servers. Provided suitable mount points for each database and additional disk space for testing purposes.  ? Provided Oracle installation support, database maintenance, version control for source code and backup using RMAN, Setting up Oracle Standby Data Guard.  ? Tuning of I/O, which includes separating data files and redo log files on different locations, separating of data files and index files on different locations, reducing disk contentions.  ? Responsible to improve the performance by Using the Hints, Indexes, Explain Plan  ? Performance tuning of SQL statements using STATSPACK, TKPROF, Explain Plan and SQL Trace  ? Devised an efficient backup and recovery strategy and implemented it in line with Business requirements (SQL Backtrack and RMAN)  ? Automating the backup processes using shell scripts. Performing recovery in cases of system crashes, Worked with RAC implementation team. Added nodes.  ? Have implemented standby databases supported by Data Guard, logical standby and physical standby databases in 11gR1 on two node RAC  ? Expertise in converting single instance database to Real Application Cluster (RAC) / Automatic Storage Management (ASM)  ? Configured RMAN backups. Performed NON-RAC to RAC and RAC to NON-RAC cloning.  ? Table space management including, adding/resize data files, allocated quotas to user and managed disk space  ? Help developers writing database triggers, packages, procedures, functions, utilities for application development.  ? Responsible for database refreshes/cloning from production to QA/Reporting environments. Responsible for localizing the cloned databases for QA/Reporting use e.g. creating users, resetting privileges/passwords, resetting sequences, resetting database links etc.  ? Export and Import of User, Tables and Database using exp/imp and Data Pump.  ? Oracle Applications Systems Administration. RMAN used in scheduled recovery, hot and cold backup of Oracle10G database.  ? Pre-patch or Impact analysis for the patches and document preparation with pre and post patch installation steps.  ? Oracle Data Guard Implementation for High Availability and remote Disaster Recovery (DR) site.  ? Development of automated RMAN scripts for both backups and cloning of Oracle Databases.  ? Performance tuning of Oracle Database, applications and queries.  ? Conducted database and applications performance tuning operations making significant improvements in database system performance. Supported developers in tuning DB and apps for optimal performance.  ? Administered, maintained, developed and implemented policies and procedures for Managing DB Security and alert log entries.  ? Resolved database performance issues, database capacity issues, and distributed data issues.    Environment: Red Hat Linux 4/5, SUN Solaris 9, HP-UX 11i v1 (B.11.11), Windows XP, Oracle 10g (10.2.0), Oracle 10g RAC, TOAD, Developer 6i.Oracle Golden Gate, EXPLAIN PLAN, TKPROF, SQL Trace, Query Analyzer, Oracle Fail Safe, AD Utilities. Education Bachelor's Skills DATABASES (7 years), DATABASE (7 years), ORACLE (7 years), SQL (7 years), RMAN (7 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    Applications: DBCA, DBUA, Recovery Manager (RMAN), Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM), OEM Grid Control, Oracle Data Guard, Oracle Management Service (OMS), Real Application Clusters (RAC), ASM, Erwin, TOAD, Data Pump (expdp, impdp), Autosys, Query Analyzer, SQL*Plus, SQL*Loader, Golden Gate, Database Vault, Guardium, Toad, SQL Developer  Databases: Installation, Implementation, Administration, Upgrading and Troubleshooting of Oracle 8i, 9i, 10g RAC, 11g RAC, 11gR2 RAC, 12R1 RAC  Tool/Utilities: TKPROF, STATSPACK, Explain Plan, ORACLE Bug DB, OEM.  Backend Scripting: SQL*Plus, PL/SQL, UNIX Shell Script, Perl Scripting.  Operating Systems: Sun Solaris 8, 9, 10.AIX 5.1, 5.2, 5.3, 6.1, RHEL 4.x, 5.x, 6.x .Linux Enterprise Server 10.Windows NT/2000.  Others: AD Utilities, SQL * Loader, TOAD, Workflow Builder, SQL Developer.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1206.html#232:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Dba:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - NFP • Experience in Performance Tuning using EXPLAIN PLAN, STA, ASH and AWR report.  • Proficient in database concepts with rich experience in database design, development and management.  • Excellent knowledge of Oracle architecture, Golden Gate architecture and RAC architecture.  • Good working knowledge of troubleshooting Infrastructure issues related to Oracle database server such as memory, CPU, I/O, Disk etc.  • Hands-on experience working as Production DBA, working knowledge on SLA metrics, Remedy system and worked with Oracle Support.  • Installed and configured 2, 3 nodes server-side load balancing RAC (Real Application Clusters) databases on HP UNIX and Linux with ASM (Automatic Storage Management) and Data Guard.  • Experience in Upgrade from oracle 10g to 11g and Migration of oracle database from red hat Linux, Window platform to Linux on development, integration and production environment using Oracle Data Migration Assistant.  • Strong Exposure on High Availability Concepts (RAC, Standby), Database Cloning, Oracle Streams and Oracle Golden gate, Data Guard/standby databases for switch-over and fail-over purpose. Also, exposure to AWS.  • Hands on experience in cloning the non-multitenant container database to pluggable database in 12c using the PDB Metadata clone, PDB Remote Clone and PDB Snapshot Cloning feature.  • Extensively managed users, privileges, profiles, schemas using Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM).  • Configured Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) Grid Control (in Oracle 11g, 10g) for the purpose of monitoring multiple databases and application servers.  • Implemented physical standby database for maximum availability using Oracle Data Guard 11g with Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) 12C cloud Control.  • Setup RMAN solutions for all Oracle Databases -- created Rman repository, provided best practices like Flashback Recovery, block change tracking, optimizations and Cloning/Refresh of databases.  • Experience in supporting the Production Database with complete lifecycle including Installations, Upgrade, Patching, Cloning, Backup/Recovery, High Availability including Oracle Real Application Cluster (RAC) and Data Guard. Expert in RMAN backups including full, incremental and cumulative, Hot/Cold Backup  • Extensively worked on Import/Export and Data Pump Import/Export tools.  • Database and application integration efforts. Heavy UNIX shell scripting, CRON jobs  • Expertise in maintaining Database Security using auditing like value based and fine grain. Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator NFP - Austin, TX May 2016 to Present • DBA supporting major projects like DATAGUARD from Development to Production via Test and UAT environments. Duties involve daily administration, maintenance and tuning, databases ranging from 50GB to 10TB.  • Database, Table and schema refreshes using Data pump, expdp and impdp and transportable tablespaces.  • Cloning databases using online and offline backups and using Rman duplicate backup to migrate data from 11g to 11.2.o.3  • Configured deployed and administered 2 and 3 node RAC clusters on Solaris 10 and Red hat Enterprise Linux 5.0.  • Extensively involved in performance tuning of applications, SQL queries and databases using Explain Plan, STA, ADDM, SQL TRACE, TKPROF and AWR reports.  • Installation, configuration and administration of Oracle Golden Gate  • Planning Backup/Restoration Strategy, Planning and scheduling Backups, taking Logical Backups (with Export/Import Data pump utilities).  • implemented database security management, by using the principle of least privilege, and Provided technical support for all application administrators and users.  • Applied critical patches to Oracle databases and application servers.  • use Grid control (OEM Grid) to administer and manage large number of databases and enterprise wide targets.  • Work extensively on Performance tuning of Queries by maintaining Aggregates, Compression, partition, indexing and use of Hints, Stored outlines, Statistics. Use of Shell scripts, And PL/SQL Tuning.  • Implemented Data guard, creating both logical and physical standby databases in 10g and 11g RAC environment for production database.  • Monitor different databases and application servers using Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) 12c Cloud Control  • Trouble shooting and performance tuning golden gate replications, monitoring scripts for Golden gate in Unix scripting  • Involved in capacity planning and resource planning  • Configured Oracle Advanced Security on 11g databases to implement Transparent Data Encryption at tablespace level.  • Exposure to new 12c features, container and pluggable databases, and FAR SYNC Instance Oracle Database Administrator Tempus Resorts International - Orlando, FL June 2014 to April 2016 • Successfully installed and configured Oracle 11.1.0.7, Oracle 12.1.0.2 databases on Linux platforms.  • Created database Objects, Tablespaces, Schemas as needed  • Extensively used AWR, ADDM and explain plan for periodic performance tuning.  • Implementing Data pump, conventional export/import utility of Oracle 11g, 10g for re-organizing Databases/Schemas/Tables to improve the performance, cloned using Rman.  • Scheduling the physical backups (hot and cold) in Cron tab using RMAN utility and monitoring the scheduled jobs. Implemented recovery strategies whenever required and successfully recovered databases in case database crash, media/disk failure using RMAN  • Applied patches and worked closely with Oracle support to make Application environment up to date. Provided 24x7 support in both production and development  • Implemented Flashback technology of the Oracle 11g, 10g for a faster recovery of the databases and database objects.  • Performed full & incremental backup (cumulative and differential), incremental updated using Rman  • Successful in applying RDBMS patches, security patches for improving the security and functionality of the databases., as well as performing database upgrade. Education Bachelor's Degree in Social Sciences in Social Sciences Makerere University Kampala - Kampala, UG Skills Oracle Dba Certifications/Licenses OCA in 12c database February 2019 to Present
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1207.html#233:::Marketing Business Analytics Specialist, Officer;Corp. Marketing Campaign Coordinator & Database Administrator;Sales Administrator:::Marketing Business Analytics Specialist, Officer Marketing Business Analytics Specialist, Officer Pittsburgh, PA Work Experience Marketing Business Analytics Specialist, Officer PNC Financial Services Group - Pittsburgh, PA January 2015 to Present  Conceives, coordinates, and schedules multiple marketing campaigns at once for a high-profile regional bank.   ? Identifies and manages associated risks to ensure alignment with the unit’s risk appetite   ? Maintains extensive knowledge of team capacity across two units within Marketing   ? Facilitates and documents a marketing operations governance forum working closely with marketing leadership   ? Provides real-time validation and scheduling reporting across multiple marketing teams and lines of businesses   ? Executes creation of lead program identifiers across multiple lines of businesses  Corp. Marketing Campaign Coordinator & Database Administrator Aerotech, Inc - Pittsburgh, PA 2012 to 2015 ? Conceive, coordinate, and execute multiple marketing campaigns at once (domestically and internationally) for a high-tech manufacturing company.  ? Work with product managers to define campaign objectives, scope, audience, deliverables, and timelines, and coordinate with other marketing team members.   ? Provide real-time and post-campaign ROI analytics to executive team.   ? Execute and delegate intensive lead harvesting and research activities.   ? Administrator, trainer, & troubleshooter for 100+ global users of a CRM database.   ? Manage and work directly with multiple vendors including technical consultants, lead nurturing agencies, industry publications and retailers.   Accomplishments   ? Stimulated extraordinary SugarCRM user-adoption levels for a culturally, technologically, and generationally diverse group of end users.   ? Facilitated the launch of an advanced marketing automation software solution for 50+ global users.   ? Coordinated an on-site summit of the company’s global sales force to help the members understand business processes and objectives.   ? Archived over 10,000 misleading, inaccurate or incomplete records from the CRM database in a data-integrity project.  Sales Administrator Aerotech, Inc - Pittsburgh, PA 2011 to 2012 Responsible for complete administration of the sales order process  Update delivery/shipment schedule & maintain current, accurate customer files Education Master's in Organizational Leadership Robert Morris University - Township of Moon, PA 2011 to 2017 Bachelor's in Public Relations, Minor in Marketing Slippery Rock University of Pennsylvania - Slippery Rock, PA 2007 to 2010
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1208.html#234:::Sr. SQL Database Administrator;Sr. SQL Database Administrator;SQL Server DBA;SQL Server Database Administrator/SQL Developer;SQL Database Administrator/ Systems Administrator;ADO;DATA MODELING;DATABASE;DDL;MS ACCESS:::Sr. SQL Database Administrator Sr. SQL <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Sr. SQL Database Administrator - Pentagon Federal Credit Union Bank Alexandria, VA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. SQL Database Administrator Pentagon Federal Credit Union Bank - Chantilly, VA February 2019 to Present Responsibilities and Accomplishment:  • Currently working IT Infrastructure Architecture Solution team with Pentagon Federal Credit Union Bank. architect design, Capacity Planning, Build new server for Dev, Test/UAT and Production.  • Leadership experience of Data-center migration project & successfully accomplished 4 to 6 migration project, sql server 2005, 2008, 2008 R2, 2012 to sql 2016 & sql 2017.  • Hands-on strong working experience and managing Always-On, clustering configuration & manages databases, troubleshooting, hands-On critical Databases Migration more than 2.5 TB+ database to higher version.  • MS Azure SQL Database & managing Azure networking, Azure Resource Groups, Azure Storage and Azure group role-based access control policy to users.  • Server Post configuration and setup automation job for each server with stored procedure, maintenance Jobs, full back up, differential backup, transaction log backup, DB indexes maintenance, index rebuild and reorganize job, maintains schedule based on RPO & RTO and SLA, database mail setup, server & database level auditing, trigger, login trigger, operator, alert for each database size.  • Hands-On experience with performance tuning and optimization (PTO), using native monitoring and troubleshooting.  • Working with Server team/Network/ firewall team to open port to communicate new build SQL server & Application server, working also with compliance team.  • Planning Capacity management, Disk space, I/O, CPU, Memory, license usage, server and Database post configuration setting and HA Solution.  • Active Directory Group planning and implementation in Database and Server, raise ticket to active directory team to add group and users.  • Hands-on experience SSRS to generate report and migrate and deploy .rdl file in report Manager, Dev, UAT, Prod Environment & managing users and groups Policy login.  • In SSIS to archive historical data, using Partitioning and slowly changing Dimension in data warehouse, project deploy in SSISDB Catalog, job create and schedule bases on SLA.  • Managing database and server level security, Encrypted PII information in critical databases, apply TDE, Dynamic Data Masking, Always Encrypted in SQL 2016/2017.  • Managed Security and User Privileges granting/deny/revoke access Server and Database level.  • Escalated bridge call with other team regarding any complex issue in production.  • Joining CAB Meeting and also 24x7 "on-call" Production support, handle technical and non-technical people.  Environment: SQL server 2005, 2008/R2, 2012, 2014, 20016, 2017, Postgree SQL, IBMDB2, Sybase, Windows server 2008/R2, 2012, 2016, Suse linux, IIS, Tableau, Service Desk, Jira, VDI, KeePass, Logic Monitor, XO-Soft, DynaTrace, EverBridge, File server, Asset Portfolio Management, Inventory management. Sr. SQL Database Administrator Charter Communication - St. Louis, MO August 2018 to December 2018 Responsibilities and Accomplishment:  • Database operational supports in production environment like Locks, Blocks, and Dead locks, CPU, Memory, Disk space analysis and utilization, managing Log file growth, Tempdb, Job fail, backup fail, deploy SSIS package, migrate and deploy .RDL file in Report server, troubleshooting different Linked server like Oracle, MS SQL, IBMDB2, Teradata, ensure Server & Database Security.  • Planning Capacity management, DB indexes maintenance, DB security, license usage, DB consistency, DB integrity checks and DB Backup and Recovery.  • All day-to- day activities to keep the service up and running to agreed SLAs ad to be compliance with JPMC IT control policy such as health checks, monitoring ticket queues, Change Ticket, C-Task, Incident ticket, Technical Request Ticket, End user requests and automation of processes.  • Leadership working experience Data Migration projects from lower version to higher version of different SQL Products, 2008, 2012, 2014, 2016, 2017, change SQL version enterprise to standard and vice versa to minimize company cost, Always on High availability groups, database mirroring, Clustering, Replication, Server & Database credential, Backup and recovery, managing Storage and assigning Tickets, weekly team meeting, project update and deal with clients.  • Decommission Instance and Databases then update server & Database inventory portal, and raise different Tickets like as Technical request ticket, Task ticket, incident ticket, change ticket, CTask, DR ticket, Firewall ticket then Assign task to Group-wise using ServiceNow Ticketing System.  • Implement storage/Disk management strategies, Table Partition in order to archive data in database Warehouse, SAN, NAS and RAID Technology.  • Designing and hardening SQL Server Security (Server hardening, Auditing, SOX compliance and user/group access monitoring).  • Working with Application development team and QA to refresh their development and UAT databases.  • Effectively interface between the business and technology teams in order to ensure business objectives are met and communicated to senior management.  • 24x7 "on-call" Production support rotations.  Environment: MS SQL Server 2017,2016,2014, 2012/2008 R2, Windows Server2016, 2012, 2008 R2, 2003 Enterprise Edition, SolarWinds, NetBackup, ServiceNow, ERWin, Splunk, SSIS, SSRS, BIDS, IIS 7.5, 8.5, Oracle SQL, Teradata, Big Data. SQL Server DBA National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration - Suitland, MD February 2016 to May 2018 Responsibilities and Accomplishment  • Worked for the NOAA's SQL Team where my primary focus on performance tuning, troubleshooting and in-depth root cause analysis (RCA) for database related issues.  • Supports day to day operational activities for the production database platform like service requests and tickets, monitoring Server Activity, database health, troubleshooting long running queries, locks, deadlocks, CPU, I/O, Memory bottlenecks, Disk space usage, Backup verification and Restore, jobs, shrinking database, cleaning history and solving the problem as needed.  • Supports Database Developers to optimize and troubleshoot SQL Server slow running queries /Stored Procedures/index/Function/Views  • Worked on Database refresh in Dev/Test servers with PROD data and synchronize SID login and Users, DB consistency, DB integrity checks.  • Designed and Implemented RPO, RTO and SLA, Setup Retention Policy, Backup Verification. Point-in-Time Recovery, jobs, Alerts, Notification with Maintenance plan in SQL Server.  • Provide project support of engineering-based decisions and scope to assist the customer with over all layouts, design and installation of DB system, Configuration, Migration, Upgrades and Patching.  • Designing and hardening SQL Server (Server hardening, TDE (Transparent Data Encryption), Row Level Security, Dynamic Data Masking Encryption, Role based Security Policy, Security Auditing.  • Configured and Maintained AlwaysOn Availability Group using SQL Server 2016/2014/2012 with Synchronous Asynchronous automatic-failover mode. And push traffic to DR server using AG Listener (ApplicationIntent=ReadOnly)  • Setup, Configure, & Manage Azure SQL Database Instances on Azure VM Machine  • Have created Azure SQL Database in Microsoft Azure Cloud (PAAS) and Migrated On-Premise SQL Server Database into Azure SQL Database.  • Effectively interface between the business and technology teams in order to ensure business objectives are met and communicated to senior management.  • Provided 7 x 24 Production support for the database and application issues  Work Environment: SQL Server, 2016, 2014, 2012, 2008r2, 2008, 2005, MS Azure Environment, AD (Active Directory), Windows Server 2012r2, 2008, IIS 8.5. JavaScript, ASP.net, In-house Application, SQL Fog-light, TFS, SharePoint, Oracle and DB2. SQL Server Database Administrator/SQL Developer Blue Cross Blue Shield - Washington, DC July 2014 to December 2015 Responsibilities and Accomplishment:  • Database Migration projects, Upgraded/Migrated SQL Server 2005/2008 to SQL Server 2012/2014, Installation, Upgrades SQL Server versions, Patching/Applied SP/Hot Fixes on SQL server Instances to address Security and upgraded related issues.  • Worked on Database refresh in Dev/Test servers with PROD data  • Install, configure and Administering SSRS Report server, SSIS/DTS Package and SSAS.  • Developed and deployed SSIS Packages from different sources like SQL Server Database, Flat file, CSV, Excel and Export & Import data from the Flat file (CSV, Excel) to SQL Server Database  • Have hands-On experience IASS, PASS, SASS in RDS and EC2 Environment.  • Migrating cloud AWS in Different method in RDS and EC2 Instances.  • Setup HA Solution Log shipping Automated Migration from On-premises to EC2 Instances.  • Monitor RDS performance and EC2 and look for any potential performance problems/bottlenecks.  • Recommend and Review Backup and Recovery Strategies and test plan for failure scenario.  • Designing SQL Server Security (Server hardening, Auditing, DISA, STIG, SOX compliance).  • Implementing high Availability Features (Failover Clustering, Database Mirroring, Log Shipping and Replication.)  • Advance Database Performance tuning (Perfmon, SQL Profiler, Database Engine Tuning adviser etc.)  • Perform root cause analysis and troubleshooting technical issues.  • Implement storage management strategies.  • Improves and maintains customer and employee satisfaction.  • 24x7 "on-call" Production support rotations.  Work Environment: Windows Server 2012, 2008, IIS 7.5, SQL Server, 2016, 2014, 2012, 2008r2, 2008, 2005, AWS-RDS, EC2 instances, AD, JavaScript, ASP.net. Service-Now, BMC Control-M, TFS, SQL SentryOne, RedGate, Oracle, and DB2. SQL Database Administrator/ Systems Administrator Unicon Inc March 2011 to May 2014 Responsibilities and Accomplishment:  • Installed, Configured and maintain SQL Server 2005, 2008 R2, 2012, 2014 (Clustered/Standalone and VM )in Development, Test, and Production environment  • Applied SP/Hot Fixes on SQL server Instances to address Security and upgraded related issues  • Upgraded/Migrated SQL Server 2005/2008 to SQL Server /2012/2014 and Transferred Logins, Data and Log files, backup files, and Jobs for side-by-side Upgrade/Migrate  • Data Encryption and Data Decryption for data security in Database & Column level  • Managed Backup/Restore, Point-in-Time Recovery including backup verification, security  • Configured, Monitored and troubleshoot Log Shipping/ Replication (Transactional, Merge)  • Configured and Maintained SQL Server 2012 Fail-Over Clustering and Always-On Availability group  • Scheduled jobs to automate different database related activities including backup, monitoring database health, disk space and backup verification  • Monitored Server Activity, Error Log, space usage and the solving problem as needed  • Rebuilding the indexes at regular intervals for better performance.  • Designed and created databases, tables, views, store procedures, function and indexes  • Developed and deployed SSIS Packages from different sources like SQL Server Database, Flat file, CSV, Excel and many other data sources supports ODBC, OLE DB Data Sources  • Installed, configured and deployed SSRS reports from BIDs/SSDT. Provided access to SSRS reports.  • 24x7 "on-call" Production support rotations.  Work Environment: SQL Server 2005, 2008R2, 2012, 2014, IIS 7.5 Windows Server, 2003R2, 2008, 2012, ASP, ASP.net, Java, AD, PeopleSoft Application, Oracle, My SQL, Service-Now, OpNet, and SQL SentryOne. Education Bachelor's Skills ADO, DATA MODELING, DATABASE, DDL, MS ACCESS
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1209.html#235:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Production Support Database Administrator;Database;Oracle;Sql;Rman;Hp-ux;Ux;Red hat;Solaris;Unix;Aix;Linux;Sun;Remedy;Erwin;Oem;Loader;Emc:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - Zimmer Biomet Inc Indianapolis, IN • Oracle Database Administrator over 6+ years of experience with strong emphasis on delivering world-class solutions across corporate  • Mainly Oracle Database Administration experience including Oracle Exadata, Oracle Enterprise Manager Cloud Control 12c & 13c Release 2 (12.1.0.2), 11gR2 RAC on LINUX and Sun Solaris, Installation, Upgrading, Patching, sizing, creating Oracle Databases, and Oracle database Objects, data migrations, Troubleshooting, Performance & Tuning, Backup & Recovery, and Database integrity and Security.  • Experience in TDE(Transparent Data Encryption) in both 11g wallet and 12C Keystore.  • DBA and well versed with SQA(Software quality assurance) life cycle, requirement gathering, deploying test cases development, also with Oracle EBS(E-Business Suite).  • Hands on experience in Oracle 9i, 10g, 11g and 12c RAC implementation & administration (Oracle Clusterware setup and configuration, RAC installation using ASM, Grid Installation)  • Good experience in RAC Clusterware administration, Configuration and Patching Performing day-to-day database administration tasks like SRVCTL,CRSCTL ASMCMD,CELLCLI and dcli  • Extensive experience designing and implementing backup and recovery strategy for databases using Recovery Manager (RMAN).  • Experience with various database Backup and Recovery methods like PITR, TSPITR, Export/Import and Flashback Technologies.  • Experience in the field of Database Technology with experience in designing, developing implementing Databases.  • Have ample knowledge in implementing policies, and procedures for disaster recovery and archival processing to ensure data protection.  • Expert in delivering Oracle Database performance-tuning services for customers with EXPLAIN PLAN, TKPROF, STATSPACK, SQL TRACE, ORADEBUG, 11g OEM Grid monitoring custom scripts troubleshooting oracle databases using SQL trace utilities.  • Experience with SQL coding including DDL, DML and fine tuning those sql's for better performance.  • Good knowledge v$ performance views and command line skills to identify information about sessions, wait events, system performance etc  • Involved in tuning applications for optimal response time using SQL /Optimizer Trace at various levels and events, Explain Plan, TKprof, or debug and also identifying the poor SQL's, histograms, row chaining & row migrations and tune accordingly.  • Exposure to SQL Tuning Advisor, SQL Profiles, SQL Monitoring, SQL Access Advisor, SQL Baselines and SQLTXTRACT tools and utilities.  • Applying Patches, Critical Patch Update/Patch Set update and One-off Patches using OPatch. Experience in patching RAC databases in rolling fashion to maintain high availability.  • Extensive experience in designing Logical and Physical data models for new developments using ERwin modeler.  • Experience in using 11g features Flash-Back Recovery, Data Pump, AWR, ASM, ADDM, ASH, Recycle Bin, 11g&12c Grid Monitoring.  • Skilled in cross platform migrations from Windows to Linux, Solaris, HP and AIX unix  • Excellent Experience in installing and maintaining Oracle Dataguard to implement physical Standby Databases for Disaster Recovery.  • Proficient in setting up Standby Database using shell scripts and RMAN utility tool, activating and Re-building Standby Databases both Physical and Logical supported by DATAGUARD.  • Migrated databases from Non-ASM file system to ASM file system using RMAN.    • Expertise in Configuring RMAN with Catalog /No catalog and worked on Point-In-Time Recovery and flashback.  • Plugging the tablespace between different platforms using Cross platform transportable tablespace Utility.  • Collecting performance statistics using Statspack/AWR (Automatic Workload Repository) and ADDM (Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor).  • Used TKPROF utility and Explain Plan for tuning SQL queries.  • Experience in regular DBA activities such as Upgrades, Patches, TAR support, Cloning, Backups and Recovery Manager, Performance Tuning, Capacity Planning and documentation  • Excellent analytical, problem solving, communication and interpersonal skills Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Zimmer Biomet Inc - Warsaw, IN June 2017 to Present • Support many databases running Oracle 11g & 12.2.0.1 on Standalones & Exadata environment ,running on X6s with the use of Cloud Control 12C in monitoring.  • Create documentation to support the business and satisfy regulatory requirements.  • Plan and execute disaster recovery for company production systems.  • Research and solve Oracle with Oracle Support.  • Provide senior level DBA support for applications, including developing data migration scripts, data validation queries, and a maintenance plan for the various development versions of these applications.  • Provide documentation and support for all aspects of maintenance and development.  • Work with application development team staff to develop & test database architecture and approve all production schema changes.  • Manage movement of data between Dev,Test. UAT and Production.  • Tune database instances and applications and recommend changes to improve database performance.  • Migration of data from sql-server to Oracle12C.  • Plan and implement backup and recovery strategy and write scripts to do nightly RMAN backup.  • Installed, patched, and managed Oracle Database versions 11g on Red Hat Linux  • Able to resolve the performance issue in database 12c using full database caching and In-Memory Aggregation features.  • Hand on experience in cloning the non-multitenant container database to pluggable database in 12c using the PDB Metadata clone, PDB Remote Clone and PDB Snapshot cloning feature.  • Have implemented two type of standby databases supported by Data Guard, logical standby and physical standby databases in 11gR2  • Having hands on experience in Hot/Cold Backup, Recovery and Cloning of databases using RMAN with VERITAS Net Backup.  • Implemented Active Data guard, creating both Logical and Physical Standby databases in 10g,11gRAC & 12C environment for the Production databases.  • Experiencing in Installing OEM 12c and 13c Cloud Control and upgrading the 11g management agents to 12c agents.  • Implemented Golden Gate in moving large volumes of transactional data, with minimal impact to online systems.  • Cloning/duplicate of database with RMAN and user-managed (hot/cold) backups.  • Migration of databases to 12C from Oracle 10g&11g.  • Implemented and maintained Oracle 11g Data Guard/standby databases for fail-over purposes.  • Also, worked on Network data encryption to improve the security and implemented SSL wallet to secure the connections.  • Migrated OLAP databases close to 8TB with minimal downtime using GoldenGate and verified data integrity using Goldengate Veridata tool for Linux 3 Node RAC.  • Database Services creation for distributing the applications across multiple nodes, extensively used all command line utilities SRVCTL, CRSCTL, ADR, ASMCMD,  • Partitioned tables Maintenance, adding new partitions, exchanging one year old partitions then archiving of the exchanged partitions, dropping or truncating of old portions.  • Implemented Range,list and interval Partitioning for monthly partitioning of large tables.  • Developed RMAN Backup strategies for cloning the test databases with the production environment and worked on RMAN active-active duplication.  • Experience with Logical backups EXPDP/IMPDP and extensively used for Re-hosting the application using Golden Gate and worked with conventional EXP/IMP for migrating data from 9i to 10G.  • Scheduled RMAN backups, purge jobs, Maintenance Jobs using DBMS_JOBS, DBMS_SCHEDULER, Crontab.  • Designed and implemented different backup strategies like Cold, Hot, MAN with Flash Recovery Area and Logical Backups EXPDP/IMPDP.  • Handled Chained Rows and Row migration, and solved the database performance issues.  • Experienced with ASM, adding, deleting disks to the disk group.  • Supported development teams for all the database related issues and handled the critical issues like network failures and ASM DISK group errors.  • Generated Statspack/AWR reports using OEM 12C from Oracle 11g database and analysed the reports for Oracle wait events, time consuming SQL queries, tablespace growth, database growth.  • Used Explain Plan, Oracle hints and creation of new indexes to improve the performance of SQL statements. Involved in SQL Query tuning and provided tuning recommendations to Application jobs, time/CPU consuming queries  • Coordinated maintenane activities including shutdown and startup of db's and ec2 instances  • Completed RDS backups before and after maintenance activies including upgrades and patching  • Tools Used: Oracle RMAN, Oracle 11g (11. 2.0.2), DBMS STATS, Datapump, SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN Oracle Database Administrator Kindred Healthcare, Loiusville, KY April 2016 to June 2017 • DBA supported 6 Node Exadata on X4s from Development, Test, UAT to Production environments, involving daily configuration, administration, all running on Red Hat Linux 6.5. Database sizes range from 500GB to 7TB (in MANHATTAN,ODS & FIN,OC11,SCI & EDW environments).  • Both tables and schemas refreshes using Datapump, expdp and impdp.  • Database refreshed using expdp, impdp, RMAN Duplicate and cloning.  • Used RMAN Duplicate and EXPORT/IMPORT data from 9i to 11.2.0.4.  • Created a standby database by using RMAN Duplicate in order to reduce the down time for the PROD database during the migration process.  • Planned Backup/Restoration Strategy, Planning and scheduling Backups, taking Logical Backups (with Export/Import Data pump utilities).  • Installation of oracle enterprise manager 12c, oracle management repository and deployed agents.  • Managed agents using emctl utility and creating incident rules in enterprise manager 12c.  • Configuring administration groups, and creating template collections in oem 12c.  • Performed SQL and PL/SQL tuning, oracle contention and monitored production database using automatic workload repository (AWR), automatic database diagnostic monitor (ADDM) and Active Session History (ASH).  • Worked closely with the Oracle developers for the better performance in Applications, in writing the Packages, Triggers and Indexes on the tables.  • Used Secure SCP & FTP extensively for the File transfers from machines to remote server.  • Cloning & duplicating databases using scripts as well as RMAN for test and developments instances.  • SQL tuning and Database performance tuning has been done based on reports generated by SQL Trace, TKPROF, STATSPACK, Explain Plan, AWR, ADDM and monitor the database performance on daily basis.  • Responsible for setup and implementation of 2 Node RAC on Linux in 11g R2.  • Implemented Dataguard, creating both logical and physical standby databases in 10g and 11g RAC environment for production database.  • Worked closely with Systems Analysts, Systems Engineers/Admins & Application Developers through the SDLC from Development to Production, via Tech-Test in Needs Assessment, Requirements Gathering (Server hardware/OS specifications for Oracle Installs), Database Designing (Physical & Logical) and Implementation, database user creation and database access both at role & table levels, as well as final Project Performance Assessment/Evaluation.  • Created database Objects, Tablespaces, Schemas as needed.  • Database refresh from Production to dev, test and uat. Oracle Production Support Database Administrator FINISHLINE, Inc - Indianapolis, IN March 2013 to April 2016 • Cloned/Migrated databases using RMAN and traditional Datapump export/import utilities in Oracle 10gR2.  • Implemented recovery strategies whenever required and successfully recovered databases in case database crash, media/disk failures by using RMAN.  • Scheduling the Physical backups (hot & cold) in CRON tab using RMAN utility and monitoring the scheduled jobs.  • Worked on Installation and maintenance of Oracle 11g, 12C RAC databases including Golden gate, ASM and CRS.  • Responsible for Creating Users, Groups, Roles, Profiles and assigning the users to groups and grant necessary privileges to the relevant groups.  • Used SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN utilities for optimizing and tuning SQL queries.  • Maintained the data integrity and security using integrity constraints and database triggers.  • Provided 24X7 support for all the production and development databases.  • Strong skills in applying security patches (Patch set, Critical Patch Updates (CPU) / Patch Set Updates (PSU), One-off Patch) using "runInstaller" and perl based utility "opatch".  • Highly experienced in implementing Oracle's Transportable Tablespace (TTS) feature using Datapump Export/Import (Oracle 11g, 10g) allowing users to quickly move a user Tablespace across Oracle databases.  • Expertise in implementing data refreshes (at database, schema & table level) using RMAN utility and Datapump, conventional Export/Import of Oracle 11g, 10g.  • Performed Installation and configuration of Oracle 10.2.0.1 database on HP-UX platform.  • Successfully performed migrations from Oracle 9i/10g to 10gR2 RAC (Real Application) Database.  • Successfully upgraded the databases from 11g to non CDB 12c.  • Successfully migrated 12c Non CDB databases to pluggable databases.  • Created Oracle Wallets and implemented Tablespace level TDE security.  • Constantly monitor the performance (V$ dynamic performance views at peak load) of the Databases and viewing Alert log files & Trace files.  • Used to run scripts to check the status of databases such as growing table sizes, extent allocation, free space, used space, fragmentation etc.  • Performed space management, capacity planning, disaster recovery and overall maintenance of the databases.  • Created Physical Standby databases using RMAN with zero downtime, performed Failover and Switchover using Data Guard Broker and manually as and when required.  • Worked extensively with Physical Standby database, troubleshooting, switchover and switchback with Physical standby setup.  • Successfully performed data replication using Materialized views and Oracle Streams in Oracle 10gR2.  • Applied patches 10.2.0.2 and 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4.  • Tools Used: Oracle 10.2.0.1, HP-UX 11, Sun Solaris 10.0, Oracle Streams, RMAN, Datapump, SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN Education BS Miami University May 2019 Skills Database, Oracle, Sql, Rman, Hp-ux, Ux, Red hat, Solaris, Unix, Aix, Linux, Sun, Remedy, Erwin, Oem, Loader, Emc
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\121.html#236:::Junior Oracle Database Administrator;Junior Database Administrator;Oracle 11G (3 years);Microsoft Office (10+ years);Linux (3 years);SQL (3 years);RMAN (3 years);DBCA (3 years);Tablespace Management (3 years);Database Management (3 years);Oracle Database Patching (3 years):::Junior Oracle Database Administrator Junior Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Junior Oracle Database Administrator Valley Stream, NY Highly skilled Oracle DBA specialized in a single-instance OLTP database environment across a few platforms. My career objective is to utilize my technical knowledge and skills to work as a Database Specialist. I consider myself versatile in establishing client relationships for understanding their business processes, user tasks & goals; analyzing and defining requirements to ensure efficient and cost-saving technological solutions to meet and exceed the client’s needs. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Junior Oracle Database Administrator Robert Half Technology - New York, NY September 2016 to June 2017 - Administered and supported Oracle 11g on Linux   (RHEL and CentOS) and Windows (Server 2003, 2008  and 8.1) platforms  - Configured necessary parameters towards the   installation of the Oracle software and the creation of   the database on both the File System and ASM  - Developed and tested backup and recovery strategies   on test or dev environments   - Supported activities including performance tuning   exercises, backup and recovery, installations and   upgrades, data pump export/import activities, data   loading and data reporting  - Troubleshot problems with data, data storage and data   access; and collaborate with IT teams to resolve those   issues   - Applied patches to Oracle Databases using Opatch   utility and upgraded databases manually  - Demonstrated knowledge of Oracle 12c database   administration, management and support on Linux  - Created and managed tablespaces, tables, views,   indexes and stored procedures on Oracle 11G and   12c database  - Collaborated with internal team to upgrade the Oracle   11G database, and migrated it to Oracle 12c Release1  - Administered Automatic Storage Management (ASM)   on Linux RHEL platform utilizing fail groups and   stamped disks  - Configured ASM disks and disk groups with normal   and high redundancy   - Managed and maintained control access privileges and   permissions for database objects  - Monitored, administered and troubleshooted database   issues using SQL Developer, and SQL command line  - Reviewed Alert logs and dump files to check for any   problems related to the database   - Collaborated with IT team and Oracle Support when   necessary to resolve Service Request (SRs)  - Performed backup and recovery using RMAN and   using Data Pump as supplemental backup method for   logical backups of all major schemas Junior Database Administrator Transamerica Co. - Baltimore, MD June 2013 to December 2014 - Monitored, administered and troubleshoot database   issues using SQL Developer and SQL command line  - Maintained database, performed software installation   and monitored database for performance and security   issues  - Provided authentication to the servers to protect the   confidential data of the organization; and coordinated   with staff to help ensure data security and integrity  - Resolved Helpdesk tickets by working with internal   teams and product vendors  - Tested backup and recovery plans, and assist the   administrator to recover and retrieve the data in   emergency (recovery control)  - Under the guidance of the administrator, managed   control access privileges and permissions, and   provided locks to certain authenticated data   confidential in the interest of the organization   - Performed routine database health checks in order to   forecast possible issues   - Utilized Oracle’s industry best practices to perform   schema object management; and maintained data   integrity   - Participated in 24x7 “On-call” support for Oracle   database systems, products and services  - Analyzed database research results and documented   findings Education Certificate of Completion in Oracle 11G Database ONLC Training Center - Columbia, MD January 2015 to June 2016 BS in Computer Science Stony Brook University - Stony Brook, NY July 2004 to May 2008 Skills Oracle 11G (3 years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), Linux (3 years), SQL (3 years), RMAN (3 years), DBCA (3 years), Tablespace Management (3 years), Database Management (3 years), Oracle Database Patching (3 years) Certifications/Licenses Oracle Certified Associate, 11G June 2017 to Present Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS/KNOWLEDGE :  Oracle 11gR2, VI Editor RDBMS, OEM, SSH/Putty, SQL*Plus, NETCA, ASMCA, RMAN, DBCA, SQL Loader, SFTP, Scripting, OPatch     Operating Systems: Unix-Based Systems, Windows(all); Server/Linux RHEL (5/6), Centos (5/6), ASM     Office Tools: Word, Excel, Outlook, Power Point, Access, SharePoint
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1210.html#237:::IT Security Analyst;IT Security Analyst;Database Administrator;Security;Share point;Nessus;Remedy;Peoplesoft:::IT Security Analyst IT Security Analyst IT Security Analyst - Top Group Technologies, Inc Hanover, MD Work Experience IT Security Analyst Top Group Technologies, Inc - Waldorf, MD April 2017 to Present Federal Contractor  • Conduct kick off meetings to collect systems information (information type, boundary, inventory, etc.) and categorize systems based on NIST SP 800-60.  • Conduct IT controls risk assessments including reviewing organizational polices standards and procedures and providing advice on their adequacy, accuracy and compliance with industry  standards.  • Assist with the development of system Security Plan (SSP) to provide an overview of federal  information system security requirements and described the controls in place to meet those  requirements.  • Conduct document reviews of NIST, OMB, FISMA and other policy documents and vendor  publications related to enterprise technologies and recognize, modify and update procedures  resulting from the new guidance.  • Develop Security Assessment Reports (SAR) detailing the results of the assessment along with Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&M).  • Provide Continuous Monitoring support through POA&M's, system and user audits, analyze and report scanning results, and update all corresponding security documents as needed.  • Provide senior level security consulting to Federal customers in addition to guidance and support  to Department ISSOs/System Owners on the FISMA and NIST Security Assessment and Authorization process.  • Prepare Security Assessment and Authorization (SA&S) packages to ensure management, operational and technical security controls adhere to NIST SP 800-53 standards.  • Assist System Owners and ISSO in preparing certification and Accreditation package for company's IT systems, making sure that management, operational and technical security controls  adhere to a formal and well-established security requirement authorized by NIST SP 800-53 R4.  • Provide ISSO and CISO support by assisting in reviewing risk waivers and ISA, MOU review  before authorization.  • Create and update the following Security Assessment and Authorization (SA&A) artifacts: FIPS  199, System Security Plan (SSP), Risk Assessment (RA), Privacy Threshold Analysis (PTA), Privacy Impact Analysis (PIA), E-Authentication, System Security test and Evaluation (ST&E),  Contingency Plan, Plan of Actions and Milestones (POA&M). IT Security Analyst Dynamics Technologies Solutions - Largo, MD July 2014 to March 2017 Developed security control test plans and conducted in-depth security assessments of information  systems that evaluate compliance of administrative, physical, technical, organizational and polices  safeguards to maintain NIST compliance.  • Updated System Security Plan, Risk Assessment, Privacy Impact Analysis, ST&E and POA&M.  • Conducted Information systems security risk assessments including reviewing organizational  polices standards and procedures and providing advice on their adequacy, accuracy and compliance with industry standards.  • Conducted comprehensive assessment of the management, operational, technical security control  employed within or inherited by an Information System to determine the overall effectiveness of the control.  • Created standard templates for required security assessment and authorization documents, including risk assessments, security plans, security assessment plans and reports, contingency  plans and security authorization packages.  • Reviewed security policy documents and make recommendations on documentation compliant.  • Created and updated the following Security Assessment and Authorization (SA&A) artifacts:  FIPS 199, SSP, RA, E-Authentication, ST&E, Contingency Plan, and (POA&M).  • Assisted System Owner and ISSO in preparing certification and Accreditation package for major  systems, making sure that management, operational and technical security controls adhere to a formal and well-established security requirement authorized by NIST SP 800-53 R4.  • Performed vulnerability assessment, making sure risks are assessed and proper actions taken to mitigate them. Database Administrator Pyramid Solutions - Vienna, VA February 2013 to June 2014 • Implemented and maintained database systems.  • Performed routine backups, including use of Oracles datapump export and RMAN utilities.  • Applied security patches and bug fixes.  • Assisted developers in performance and tuning queries and SQL.  • Monitored database performance and recommended and implemented changes to achieve higher  performance.  • Performed daily checks on database servers, confirming status of backups, file compression, and exports; troubleshoot any errors. Education MBA University of Maryland - Adelphi, MD July 2019 Bachelors in Business Administration University of Lagos - Lagos, NG October 2000 compliance NIST Skills Security, Share point, Nessus, Remedy, Peoplesoft
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1211.html#238:::Lead IT Security Compliance Analyst;Database Security Administrator;IT Security Administrator;Technical Support Analyst:::Lead IT Security Compliance Analyst Lead IT Security Compliance Analyst Lead IT Security Compliance Analyst - Nisum Technologies Union City, CA Experienced professional IT Services & Infrastructure Management focus on security and  compliance. Work Experience Lead IT Security Compliance Analyst Nisum Technologies - Fremont, CA January 2017 to Present • Managing ISO27001 implementation across organization.  • Leading ISO27001 Gap analysis across business units and teams.  • Lead & contributed as a SME ISO27001 controls implementation across organization  • Lead Policies and procedures across organization and work to get approved by Directors.  • Defined a framework for ISO controls evidence for the readiness / implementation.  • Managing Azure Console for Security policies on AD-Domain Controller.  • Managing G-suite Super Administrator for all mobile devices access & VPN access across the organization.  • Managing OKTA Administration for SSO, 2FA, Google Auth and its configuration for various  applications.  • Work with Chief of Information Security, as an ISMS regional lead and implementation of ISMS (ISO 27001).  • Doing Gap analysis on FedRAMP (NIST800-53 Rev4) requirements for alignment with ISO27001.  • Propagation of IP addresses on well-known global DNS server, creating A records, MX, SPF  and TXT records etc.  • Maintaining and publishing Organization's websites on various hosting Servers.  • Implement and install SSL Certificates on Websites and Portals.  • Plan & Manage IT helpdesk, delegating and assigning tasks to team members for resolution  of standard queries and system related issues according to SLA.  • Develop and implement IT Business continuity and disaster recovery plan  • Assure that backups of critical information and systems are regularly taken as per pre- defined guidelines.  • Design and implement SOP for restoration of backups.  • Provide direct assistance during department audits.  • Ensures that daily, weekly, and monthly statistics, status reports, and graphical reporting  aids are completed and continually modified to meet the needs of the department.  • Manages the Help Desk staff including consultation on performance evaluations, promotions, hiring and disciplinary responsibilities. Database Security Administrator Creative Associates International / USAID June 2015 to October 2015 • Control access permissions and privileges of users.  • Monitor performance and manage parameters in order to provide fast responses to front- end users.  • Develop, manage and test back-up and recovery plans.  • Ensure the storage and archiving procedures are functioning as per defined SOPs.  • Manage the security and disaster recovery aspects of a database. IT Security Administrator Al Jazeera Group of Companies - Dubai, AE February 2012 to February 2014 • Managing and planning projects related to the systems.  • Monitoring the storage capabilities of the system.  • Continuously maintain R&D and Knowledge base and share necessary relevant information  with all team members.  • Developed and implement IT policies, procedures, and standards  • Responsible to negotiate and manage SLA and vendor contracts.  • Training of other IT staff. Technical Support Analyst United Bank Limited October 2007 to December 2011 • Managed IT helpdesk operations, delegating and assigning tasks to other team members for resolution of standard queries and system related issues according to SLA.  • Day to day support of Core Banking software issues to users across the organization.  • Systems Administration of Windows Servers, Linux & Oracle based Servers.  • Implementation of security policies on Database and Application level.  • Implementation of corn jobs for database backups (periodical and incremental).    • Configuration of Windows Terminal Servers with Thin clients.  • Manage rollouts, software patches and upgrades.  • Install and configure user workstations, phones, network devices, and IT equipment's.  • UATs for changes in Core banking application modules. Education BS in Computer Science University of Karachi 2006
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1212.html#239:::Oracle Database Administrator;Database Development, Implementation, and Backup;Data migration;Database;Dbms;Sql server;Oracle;Pl/sql;Sql;Rman;Linux;Red hat;Unix;Risk analysis;Network administration;Security;Vms;Mitigation;Performance tuning:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - US COAST GUARD Chesapeake, VA Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator ACE INFO SOLUTIONS (USCG) - Chesapeake, VA November 2018 to Present Effectively carry out key functions, which include database sizing, table space management,  ? rollback table space management, transaction management, and security administration  ? Supervise physical standby databases and high-volume production databases ranging to 2 TB in size  ? Render hands-on support to developers in improving PL/SQL, and SQL codes, while generating new user accounts and executing schema and related user administrative tasks  ? Strategically utilize Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) for database monitoring, maintenance, replication, and performance tuning as well as Oracle Data Pump (expdp and impdp) for high-speed, parallel, bulk data, and metadata movement for all Oracle database contents.  ? Serve as an effective member of the team providing 24/7 technical support, with on-call rotation, for all production, quality assurance (QA), and development environments, while managing multitenant databases, such as Oracle 12c Container and pluggable databases  ? Function as point of contact (POC) regarding 12c new features, such as redaction policy, adaptive query optimization, multiple indexes on single column, and restoration table using RMAN  ? Maintained hands-on involvement in various database administration, support, configuration, upgrade, patch migrations, backup and recovery, performance tuning, and cloning efforts, as follows:  - Cloning of non-multitenant container database to pluggable database in 12c through PDB Metadata Cloning, PDB Remote Cloning, and PDB Snapshot Cloning features  - Reorganization of databases and refresh of schema using import and export US Foods Manassas VA - Manassas, VA 2015 to November 2018 Database Management and Maintenance  ? Rendered effectual support in the execution of database configuration, upgrade, patch migrations, backup and recovery, performance tuning, and cloning efforts  ? Handle the cloning of non-multitenant container database to pluggable database in 12c through PDB Metadata Cloning, PDB Remote Cloning, and PDB Snapshot Cloning features  ? Reorganize databases and refresh of schema using import and export processes  ? Design different databases with table spaces, tables, indexes, setting privileges, and user logins, as well as physical databases with multiple table spaces from logical and physical data model  ? Created partitioning strategies for very large tables, while deploying range, list, hash and various sub partitions as well as structure of logical and physical database through logical and physical data modeling  ? Perform database sizing, table space management, rollback table space management, transaction management, and security administration  ? Monitor physical standby databases and high-volume production databases ranging to 2 TB in size    Leadership and Team Collaboration  ? Serve as an effective member of the team providing 24/7 technical support, with on-call rotation, for all production, quality assurance (QA), and development environments, while managing multitenant databases, such as Oracle 12c Container and pluggable databases  ? Act as point of contact on 12c new features, such as redaction policy, adaptive query optimization, multiple indexes on single column, and restoration table using RMAN  ? Served as integral part of the team that led the configuration of GoldenGate for real-time replication and data guard for disaster recovery.    Technical Support and Tool Usage  ? Strategically utilize Oracle Enterprise Manager for database monitoring, maintenance, replication, and performance tuning as well as Oracle Data Pump (expdp and impdp) for high-speed, parallel, bulk data, and metadata movement for all Oracle database contents  ? Implemented a 11g databases on both IBM-AIX and Linux environments using OLTP, decision support system and data warehousing environment    Project Development and Execution  ? Modified databases from 10g to 11g, 11g to 12c, 12c to 18c using DBUA and scripts, along with 10g and 11g standalone databases to 11g and 12c  ? Configured Oracle 12c Enterprise Manager to keep track and generate accurate condition report for more than 100 databases  ? Secured physical standby database in Oracle Data Guard for Oracle 11.2.0.3  ? Enforced proactive monitoring database through Tuning Pack, Diagnostics Pack, and STATSPACK, SQL Trace, and EXPLAIN PLAN  ? Rolled out a variety of advanced security measures as per service level agreement (SLA), such as Transparent Data Encryption (TDE), data masking, and data redaction  ? Developed OEM database control for single databases and OEM Grid control for multiple databases    Growth and Development Impacts  ? Earned the Employee of the Year Award in recognition for outstanding leadership in the successful execution and completion of various projects Database Development, Implementation, and Backup AT&T - San Diego, CA 2012 to March 2015 Installed 10g, 11g, 12c, along with 12c container databases (CDB) on standalone servers and cluster on UNIX, LINUX, and Windows platforms  ? Implemented Oracle Wallets and Tablespace level TDE security  ? Created different backup strategies, such as Cold, Hot, and RMAN with flash recovery area and logical backups (expdp and impdp)  ? Devised a PSU on standalone test environment and production cluster through OPatch Auto    Upgrades and Enhancements  ? Modified multiple standalone databases and grid infrastructure from 11gR2 to 12cR1  ? Made use of DBMS_REDEFINITION in redefining and partitioning tables and columns data types, as well as placing LOBS to different table space  ? Performed hot and cold backup, recovery, and cloning of databases using RMAN.  ? Initiated detailed recommendations and implementation of SQL access and tuning advisors, while handling chained rows and row migration  ? Made use of SAN level storage mirroring in improving environments for the data refreshing of large production data warehouse environment    Cross-Functional Leadership and Support  ? Contributed in the migration of large size database in multiple platforms, along with the SQL Query tuning to issue tuning recommendations for application jobs, time, and CPU consuming queries  ? Assisted the development teams in addressing and solving all database related issues, including network failures, ASM DISK group errors.  ? Assisted in configuring and installing GoldenGate, while administering pumps and trail files through removal of old extract and log files    Regulatory Compliance  ? Guaranteed proper production, security, and performance of all application design in accordance with standards  ? Analyzed the release of Oracle, tools and third-party products to secure accurate operation of products and site in alignment with clients' requirements    Growth and Development Impacts  ? Led the successful upgrade of databases from 11g to non CDB 12c, along with the migration of 12c Non CDB databases to pluggable databases  ? Administered the implementation and maintenance of Oracle 11g Data Guard and standby databases for fail-over purposes, along with Oracle TDE to deliver transparent encryption of stored data to support release of Oracle 11g R2  ? Brought significant security improvements by through effective network data encryption and implementation of SSL wallet, thus safeguarding the network connection Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science in Databases Lagos State University February 2009 Skills Data migration, Database, Dbms, Sql server, Oracle, Pl/sql, Sql, Rman, Linux, Red hat, Unix, Risk analysis, Network administration, Security, Vms, Mitigation, Performance tuning Additional Information Highly skilled, analytical, and multifaceted professional, with comprehensive skills in technical operations, desktop support, troubleshooting, as well as data and project management. Commended for proven track record of success in managing in oracle database operations and completing large scale projects while ensuring on-time delivery. Armed with strong dedication to leverage well-rounded skills to drive organizations toward business growth and development. Expert at utilizing technical proficiency and keen eye for detail in identifying improvement needs and responding to clients' requirements. Effective at multitasking in a fast-paced environment.    Areas of Expertise    Database Security Backup and Recovery Performance Tuning Data Guard Configuration Golden Gate Configuration Connection and Network Administration Data Migration Upgrade and Patching Risk Analysis and Mitigation Database Restore/Refresh DISA STIG    Software/Tools:  TOAD Active Session History (ASH) Automatic Workload Repository (AWR) Oracle (RMAN DBMS STATS Statspack EXPLAIN PLAN PL/SQL SQL-Tuning Advisor DBVERIFY Database Upgrade, GoldenGate, DataGuard, and Grid Control Data Pump Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor (ADDM)    Operating Systems VMS Windows Server 2012R2 Red Hat Linux 6 SQL Server Oracle Enterprise Manager Unix
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1213.html#240:::Oracle Database Administrator;Senior Oracle DBA;Oracle DBA:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - Verizon Wireless Durham, NC • Over 6 years of experience as Oracle Database Administrator including Oracle Database Installation, Configuration, Patch Installation, Performance Tuning, Migration, Upgrades, Patches, Backup and Recovery, Cloning, Replication, Space Management and Database Security with Oracle Software 12c/11g/10g/9i Versions.  • Worked 24*7 as production database support providing support to System Administrators, developers & end-users.  • Oracle EBS support as database Administrator and performance tuning.  • Extensive knowledge on database administration for 12C, 11g and 10g with experience within very large scale database environment and mission critical large OLTP and OLAP systems.  • Expertise in providing and implementing various Golden Gate Solutions like Active - Active Replication for Zero down time maintenance and Migrations using Conflict detection and Resolution (CDR).  • Involved in the successful Configuration, Installation and Upgrade of Grid Infrastructure and Databases to Oracle 12c on Solaris in Production Environment.  • Implemented, Installed, Upgraded and Patched Oracle Database Appliance  • Extensive experience in Data guard (Physical & Logical), ASM, Grid Infrastructure.  • Database backups and recovery using RMAN, Import/Export, Hot/Cold Backups, Data Pump tools.  • Installed, Configured Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM), 12.1.0.7.  • Refresh and Clone/Duplicate Environments according to Project Requirements using RMAN, DataPump Tools.  • Implemented Migration of Databases as part of Server Migration, Storage Migration, and ASMDiskgroups to different Storage Arrays.  • Implemented migration of 11gR1 RAC to 11gR2 RAC on Solaris.  • Vast experience in Performance Tuning (I/O, Memory & SQL Tuning etc.) by using tools/utilities like Explain plan, Analyze AWR and ADDM.  • In the process of implementing Transportable Tablespaces technique to minimize downtime for Oracle Database Upgrade to 12C.  • Extensive Virtualization experience in implementing RAC databases from 10g to 12c in VM environment.  • Experience in a variety of hardware and software platforms: Solaris, UNIX/Linux MS-Windows 2008.  • Working knowledge on Oracle 11g, 10g environment builds and experience in SQL*Loader, loading data from text files.  • Experienced in configuring Data Guard and RAC on Linux (RHEL6, 5 AS), AIX, Sun Solaris and Windows environments for High Availability with ASM (Automatic Storage management) and storage on EMC SAN.  • Proficient in Oracle 11g/10g/9i Database Design, Installation and managing of Oracle software on various platforms, implementing, Administration, Performance tuning and troubleshooting for 24x7 Production environments.  • Installed Oracle Enterprise manager Grid Control agents on UNIX and Windows platforms and configured the TARGETS in the Repository for efficient monitoring of the mission critical Production databases.  • Good Knowledge of oracle High Availability features, Disaster Recovery, Cluster Technology and FLASHBACK Technology.  • Hands-on Experience in System Configuration's, planning upgrade for critical production databases, Migrating Databases for Lease Rollover, Patching Databases without affecting the critical business activities.  • Interacted closely with Change Management Team, Configuration Management Team, Development & Testing teams, etc. - Implementation of DB schema changes as per approved Work Request. Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Verizon Wireless - Los Angeles, CA July 2016 to Present Responsibilities:  • Maintained and administrated various systems like RAC, Data Guard and GoldenGate.  • Set-up and configured two node RAC (12c & 11g) cluster on Linux.  • Configured RAC 1-Node and Standalone Configurations on Linux as well as Solaris.  • Performed various health checks in RAC, HA stack management in managing resources using SRVCTL and CRSCTL.  • Deployed multiple applications on WebLogic server and maintained load balancing, high availability and fail over functionality  • Upgraded Oracle Database Appliance from version 12.1.0.1 to 12.1.0.2  • Upgrade Grid Infrastructure from 11G to 12C.  • Acted as Oracle EBS Functional/Technical Lead and worked for the development, implementation and communications of Architecture Roadmap Strategies to ensure that technical systems are scalable, reliable, secure, supportable, and achieve Business and IT performance and budgetary objectives  • Worked closely with the EBS project delivery team.  • Experienced in implementing End to End Oracle EBS process flows like Order to Cash , Procure to Pay ,Quote to Order  • Installed the latest version of Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM 12.1.0.7) utilizing the pre-built Database Templates.  • Applied Rolling Patches in a 2 node RAC environment and Performed GRID Infrastructure upgrade from 11.2.0.3 to 11.2.0.4.  • Implemented Shell Scripting to automate error reporting and alerting in different flavors of UNIX (Linux and Solaris).  • Duplicated Databases using Active Duplicate and RMAN Recovery Techniques.  • Configured Disaster recovery databases and maintained standby databases.  • Configured dataguard broker in dataguard environment and configured physical standby databases in maximum performance and configured Active dataguard and Snapshot standby.  • Created Oracle Tables, Table Partitions and Materialized Views and Supported users, application administrators and developers for Oracle database.  • Used EXPDP and IMPDP for refreshing data between different environments.  • Applied patches using OPatch utility in both RAC and Single instance database homes.  • Worked with Database backup team for scheduling backups for ORACLE databases.  • Good hands on installing and configuring Oracle GoldenGate for active-active data replication.  • Worked in providing Oracle GoldenGate real-time data integration, expertise in heterogeneous synchronization and replication of database using defgen utility.  • Monitoring the OGG (Oracle Golden Gate) trails and used different parameters to improvise the performance of the OGG processes.  • Proficient in Replicate splitting to tune the performance of the OGG and involved in Oracle GoldenGate tuning and troubleshooting.  • Improved database performance by analyzing AWR reports, changing database parameters and adding additional spaces to temp and undo.  • Migrated databases to cloud, worked with testing teams to validate database performance of SQL queries on new servers.  • Identified performance bottleneck on high volume transaction systems and analyze SQL statements by using explain plan.  • Created and managed the table partitions, analyzed the partitions, indexes, materialized views.  • Migrated databases to ASM Performed various tasks on ASM, creating a disk group, adding a disk to disk group, making disk online and offline and troubleshooting issues in ASM environment.  • Troubleshooting problems related to connectivity to the databases, database job failures, and Backup failures.  • Handling incidents relating to space issues on various filesystems, tablespaces, and archive destinations.  • Handling various technical issues related to Databases and assisting users with the SQL tuning for bad SQL codes.  • Daily Health Check Up of the Database and SQL Queries using AWR, ADDM and TKPROF and Tuned the SQL*s using TKPROF and STATSPACK reports.  • Prepared and provided recommendations or reports to clients per requests.  • Collaborated with off-shore Oracle team, development DBA, UNIX team and Storage team to solve complex system issues.  • Managing and providing 24X7 supports for various versions of databases.  • Working with the LINUX/DBD/Application administration teams to provide day-to-day, and on-call first level support for AIM's MongoDB servers.  • Monitoring and maintenance of successful backups for MongoDB servers.  • Assisting Sr. DBA's on creating documentation of activities, system changes, procedures, policies and standards for the MongoDB architecture.  • Providing direct support to DBD and Application teams.  • Assisting Sr. DBA's to develop custom scripts to automate MongoDB management. Senior Oracle DBA Chevron ITC - Houston, TX January 2014 to June 2016 Ameriprise Financial Inc. headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota is a global financial services provider.  Ameriprise Financials hosts a series of applications that run on different database systems like Oracle, UDB, Teradata, DB2, Informix and SQL Server. These databases are very critical to the organization in terms of data sensitivity and business continuity. TCS team working at Minneapolis is providing support and technical consultancy to the Ameriprise Data Management team to achieve its goals. The project is being executed by TCS in an onsite/offshore model. As part of the project the TCS team will be working in the development and Production environment and will be involved in full range of database services like data placement and reuse strategy, designing SQL queries, physical database design, database creation, Automation & Monitoring, performance tuning & optimization, maintenance & support of the various databases    Responsibilities:  • Lead a 6-7 members offshore team and acted as a SPOC to handling Clients requirements in terms of Creating and managing Oracle Databases  • Worked with Oracle Support for handling Critical production issues and implemented to fix in case of any bugs being identified.  • Have good understanding and hands on Oracle 12c Data Guard. Created and maintained physical and logical stand by databases for mission critical applications.  • Support DR Replication activity.  • Worked with application developers to create and maintaining tables for Optimal Performance on lower environment.  • Automating the routine processes such as table space/file system monitoring; partition maintenance, statistics gathering and automating backup/alerting process through UNIX shell scripting.  • Supported on Build and maintain DR sites using data guard Database Monitoring and administration of oracle database using Enterprise Manager Grid control OEM 12c  • Created and Managed DB Links and Materialized views  • Created, documented and maintained logical and physical database models in compliance with enterprise standards and maintained corporate metadata definitions for enterprise data stores within a metadata repository.  • Performance Monitoring, Tuning and query optimization for Oracle databases  • Experience in identified poor SQL statements using EXPLAIN PLAN, STATSPACK, TKPROF, SQL TRACE, OEM 12c, and Creating SQL Baselines.  • Involved in Performance tuning, worked on SQLT utility to understand the query behavior and create a SQL profile/baseline for the same  • Involved in RAC performance issues.  • Taking logical, cold and hot backups of Oracle database and configure Recovery catalogue to perform RMAN backups; monitoring target databases using RMAN  • Installing and Configuring of Oracle server software and related products in lower environments.  • Supported in Restoring and recovering RAC/Single instance Oracle databases.  • Set up incidents and various automated monitoring activities via OEM 12c.  • Used the WebLogic Server Administration Console to control production-specific deployment details. Oracle DBA Nepal Satellite Telecom January 2013 to December 2013 Responsibilities:  • Troubleshoot and resolve problems in MySQL databases and servers.  • Used the WebLogic Server Administration Console to control production-specific deployment details.  • Created scripts and processes for data integration and maintenance.  • Specified users and user access levels for each database segments.  • Develop data architecture design to perform targeted customer analysis.  • Conduct database performance tuning, query optimization, index tuning, tables restructuring, and storage optimization.  • Documented all Oracle database installations and database operations.  • Performed Backup and Recovery of databases using RMAN during media failure. Performed Cold Backups, Hot Backups, Full back up, Incremental & Cumulative backups as well.  • Experience in Logical Backups - full/partial, Conventional and Data Pump Export/Import.  • Apply requested and approved modifications to database structures, data, and applications.  • Manage complete project lifecycle. Effectively communicate project status with direct supervisor and project owner.  • Expertise in relational database design and architectural principles and methodologies.  • Experience with using AWS EC2, RDS, Aurora, AWS DMS, EBS. Education Master's
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1214.html#241:::Maintenance Administration Work center Supervisor - Database/Systems Administrator;Aviation Maintenance Administration - Systems Administrator/Analyst;DBA:::Maintenance Administration Work center Supervisor - Database/Systems Administrator Maintenance Administration Work center Supervisor - <span class="hl">Database</span>/Systems <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database/Systems Administrator Las Vegas, NV Aviation Maintenance Administration Supervisor. Military Veteran with 7 years of proven experience in the United States Navy. Current Secret Security Clearance. Cross-platform experience in Systems/ Database Administration, including analyzing, designing, installing, maintaining, and repairing hardware, software, peripherals, and network connections. Superior troubleshooting and technical support abilities with migrations, network connectivity, and security/ database applications. Developed exceptional relationships with co-workers, management and end users. Excellent communication and problem resolution skills. Career supported by advanced military leadership and professional training. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Maintenance Administration Work center Supervisor - Database/Systems Administrator U.S. Navy - Sigonella, Sicily December 2016 to Present Supervised 12 personnel in the administration and management of two Windows Servers and 100 workstations for 160 end users, ensuring 95% security compliance through software patching, differential and incremental backups, and log analysis.  ? Coordinated and performed the system integration of Naval Aviation Logistics Command Management Information System (NALCOMIS) within the ONE-NET network ensuring 100% functionality for all end users.  ? Performed hardware and software installations, resulting in the replacement and upgrade from Windows 2003 Application Server to Windows 2008 Application Server, while conducting regular software installs and patch updates for NALCOMIS OOMA (Optimized Organization Maintenance Activity) and McAfee endpoint products.  ? Ensured that the configuration and disposition of NALCOMIS Windows Application Server is compliant with Linux Server so that data Replication migrated to the Top-Tier, while ensuring all workstations were operational and had the correct user interface.  ? Provided problem resolutions and technical support for three application servers, network hardware, data storage equipment, hardware and software, printers, workstations and other network connected hardware and associated software in support of the NALCOMIS Application for classified and unclassified systems over the ONE-NET network.  ? Maintained security requirements by establishing and maintaining user accounts, profiles, file sharing, access privileges and overall network and system security.  ? Monitored system performance and performed daily network backups for two Windows servers to help with life cycle management.  ? Established contingency planning procedures for NALCOMIS data recovery.  ? Assisted Automated Data Processing Department (N6) with monthly Assured Complied Assessment Solutions (ACAS) vulnerability Scans for NALCOMIS.  ? Coordinated the implementation of new IT-based projects from NIC (Naval Information Warfare Center) for NALCOMIS OOMA 5.10 to 5.22 systems upgrade.  ? Ensured system security compliance by executing monthly vulnerability scans with legacy Retina scanning software and patching all Information Assurance Vulnerability Alerts (IAVA) and Internet Explorer updates.  ? Resolved 14 trouble calls with local help desk to assist in synchronization and compatibility errors between NCTS (Naval Computer and Telecommunications Station) hardware and OOMA system software.  ? Provided hands-on training to 150 personnel during two database transitions, resulting in the success of both implementations and achieving 100% improved operational readiness.  ? Developed user documentation and frequently asked questions lists for end user knowledge base. Aviation Maintenance Administration - Systems Administrator/Analyst U.S. Navy - Whidbey Island, WA March 2013 to September 2016 Ensured accurate documentation of repair and maintenance procedures for 5 E/A-18G Electronic attack jets with a total value of over $340M.  • Performed hands-on administration, monitoring, and troubleshooting of Local Area network (LAN), resulting in optimum performance and minimum downtime.  • Performed audits on Information Technology systems to ensure 100% compliance with DoD and Navy IA requirements.  • Administered a network consisting of 150 end users on two Windows-based servers.  • Performed file system configuration and management.  • Completed Quarterly inventories of all IT Systems components.  • Created and maintained documentation as it relates to support, validation, installation, configuration, and processes, for all systems, including audio and video.  • Monitored daily logs and executed weekly and monthly audit routines to test and validate data integrity.  • Designed Pre and Post deployment inventory check lists for all network devices for Naval Aviation Logistics Command Management Information Systems (NALCOMIS) hardware and software applications needed for movement in and out of the United States.  • Lead the disaster recovery team during a "multiple hard drive failure" on Windows Server. Efforts resulted in 98% data recovery and fully operational system.  • Administrated and maintained environment security. Involved with administering security alerts to staff and daily and weekly data backups. Skills DBA
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1215.html#242:::Junior AWS Cloud Solutions Architect;Oracle Database Administrator;AWS Solution Architect (2 years);Cloud Formation;Cloud Monitoring, Automation and deployment;Cloud Assessment and Migration;Continuous Integration, Delivery and Testing with Jenkins:::Junior AWS Cloud Solutions Architect Junior AWS Cloud Solutions Architect Junior AWS Cloud Solutions Architect - EddyBerry Systems Technology Atlanta, GA • Experience working on Cloud solutions using Amazon Web services (AWS)  • In-depth knowledge on various AWS Services including EC2, VPC, IAM, S3, RDS, Cloud watch, Cloud Formation, Cloud Front, Load Balancers, AutoScaling, Elasticache etc..  • Experience in building high availability, scalable and fault-tolerant Applications in AWS.  • Ability to automate AWS infrastructures using CloudFormation  • Ability to deploy applications using CodeDeploy and CodePipelines on AWS  • Ongoing DevOps training knowledge with exposure to DevOps tools in areas of CI/CD &CT  • Understanding of cloud security and network compliances with AWS  • Good understanding of Cloud Assessment for migration, Foundation design and Implementation  • Knowledge of Migration Planning, Strategies and Execution of web Application to AWS  • Ability to clearly and effectively communicate with other team members and with customers    • Flexible to adapt to any new environment and excellent ability to learn new things quickly.    • Strong team skills including the ability to lead and be a team player. Work Experience Junior AWS Cloud Solutions Architect EddyBerry Systems Technology - Kennesaw, GA May 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  • AWS Core Services exposure: EC2, S3, EBS, VPC, ELB, Auto Scaling, RDS and Amazon AMI  • Actively involved in creating different IAM users to system administrators and developers by creating custom policies.  • Responsible for real-time monitoring and alerting of applications deployed in AWS using Cloud Watch, Cloud Trail and Simple Notification Service.  • Day by day experiences in building and developing cloud formation templates and lambda functions  • Deploying lambda functions using cloud formation and to multiple regions  • Automated the migration of on premise application workload to the cloud using AWS SMS  • Attended as a team member, different meetings, seminars and training on AWS cloud migration Assessments, Planning and Execution.  • Skillful in generating and organizing procedural documentation and relevant reports for future utilization Oracle Database Administrator Shiloh Industries, Inc - Gainesville, GA February 2014 to November 2016 Responsibilities:  • Perform installation of Oracle RAC and single instance Oracle installations.  • Utilize ticket tracking system to resolve and document customer reported problems.  • Perform Oracle storage management using ASM.  • Responsible for examining performance logs to ensure optimum performance.  • Participate in design and implementation of Oracle version upgrades  • Plan and install Oracle patch sets  • Responsible for proactively managing high severity and priority incidents from identification to resolution and escalation to appropriate group  • Work with System engineers to ensure proper backup of Oracle data using RMAN  • Work with software engineers to ensure selection of proper Oracle technology to provide functional requirements Education Professional Training in Amazon Cloud Computing (AWS and DevOps) Edureka.co - Instructor-led online training Present Bachelor's in Computer Engineering University of Buea Skills AWS Solution Architect (2 years), Cloud Formation, Cloud Monitoring, Automation and deployment, Cloud Assessment and Migration, Continuous Integration, Delivery and Testing with Jenkins Certifications/Licenses AWS Cloud Solution Architect-Associate Present Certified Scrum Master (CSM) Present Oracle Database Certified Associate (OCA) 2015 Oracle Database SQL Fundamentals 2014
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1216.html#243:::Database Administrator I;Database Administrator;Customer Service Representative;Statistical Quality and Unified Analytics;Premier Care Management;Microsoft Office (10+ years);Oracle SQL (2 years);Oracle PL/SQL (2 years);MySQL (1 year);PHP;PHP (1 year);Toad (2 years);Linux (1 year):::Database Administrator I <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> I Panama City, FL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Administrator I CACI - Panama City, FL April 2015 to Present • Assists in the design and definition of basic databases, access methods, access times, etc.   • Create SQL & PL/SQL scripts to meet new development needs.   • Perform all managements tasks in relation to a database environment. Cloning, Importing, Deleting, Upgrading, etc. Database Administrator TEKSystems - Panama City, FL October 2014 to April 2015 Working with CACI as a Database Administrator on a 6 month contract-to-hire position. Customer Service Representative Don Hood Insurance - Panama City, FL February 2013 to October 2014 • Assist customer base with policy endorsements, new business quotes, and account maintenance.  • Monitor website analytics and perform maintenance as needed. Statistical Quality and Unified Analytics Sprint - Panama City, FL 2010 to 2012 • Monitor and grade calls from multiple lines of business and provide feedback to be used for coaching/training opportunities.  • Root Cause Analyst – Use Data Analysis and reporting to identify business trends. Document business issues and financial implications to improve work-flow processes. Premier Care Management Sprint - Panama City, FL October 2007 to 2010 • Resolve customer concerns regarding billing, account maintenance and technical support.  • Provide additional floor support handling specialist questions and high level customer escalations when needed.  • Member of the call center Spirit Team working to increase center morale and community involvement.  • Frontline Senior – Assist team Supervisor with reporting, team communications, trending, facilitation of meetings, training and incentives. Assist team members with questions and escalations to achieve issue resolution targets.  Helpdesk – Assist specialists with questions, escalations and repeat callers to achieve site issue resolution targets. Monitor and respond to customer inquiries and provide team reporting on a daily basis. Education BS in Information Technology Management Gulf Coast State College - Panama City, FL 2014 to 2017 AS in Software and Database Development Gulf Coast State College - Panama City, FL 2010 to 2014 Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), Oracle SQL (2 years), Oracle PL/SQL (2 years), MySQL (1 year), PHP, PHP (1 year), Toad (2 years), Linux (1 year) Awards Student of the Year 2014 Student of the Year: Software and Database Development 2013-2014
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1217.html#244:::SQL Server Database Administrator;SQL Server DBA;SQL Server DBA;Sql Dba;DBA;Sql Server:::SQL Server Database Administrator SQL Server <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> SQL Server Database Administrator Houston, TX An Experience SQL DBA committed to data integrity, with hands-on experience on production  servers using performance tuning tools such as SQL profiler, DTA, experience on SQL server  replication, Backup/Restore, Disaster Recovery and Capacity Planning, Log Shipping, ETL  Tools, Database Mirroring, AlwaysOn and Availability Groups. Work Experience SQL Server Database Administrator ZHILL SYSTEMS, TX November 2017 to Present • Installation, configuration and upgrading of SQL Server 2014, 2016 with service packs  • Installed SQL 2012/2014 with AlwaysOn (2&3 Replicas)  • Good hands on issues with the AlwaysOn  • Build Cluster 2 node and 3 node with Active-Active and Active-Passive.  • Well equipped with the working knowledge of application development life cycle  methodologies, database and application performance tuning.  • Expert in installation MS SQL Server 2016/2014/2012/2008 Databases  • Experience in Planning and executing Disaster Recovery (DR) exercises on the DR  servers.  • Experience in setting up High Availability environment like Active-Active and Active- Passive clustering, Database Mirroring, Replication (Snapshot, merge. Transactional  • Responsible to follow the company's guidelines / regulations (SLA) to ensure company  data is held in a secure manner, both electronic access and written format.  • Experience in configuring report using SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services) for the management  • Experience in using SSIS (SQL Server Integration Services) to copy, import or migrate  data from different platforms (Maximo and Ms Dynamix)  • Experience in using Import and Export Wizard to move data from multiple tables or files  • Gathering data requirements and designing and fine-tuning of databases according to client's requirements  • Complete Administration of MS SQL Server Databases is my primary responsibility,  increasing the server availability time with optimum level of database, recoverability by incorporating the SQL Server Differential backup and Transaction Log backup. SQL Server DBA PROSERVE MARKETING LLC April 2015 to October 2017 Installation, configuration and upgrading of SQL Server 2008/2008R2, 2012 with service  packs and hot fixes.  • Upgrading SQL Server 2008/2008R2 to SQL Server 2012 (Side by side upgrade)  • Providing on-call support during business hours.  • Monitoring Daily backup jobs and automation of daily restores of deployment databases.  • Monitoring the disk space of all the Servers.  • Configuring and monitoring Database mirroring on Disaster recovery Servers.  • Database snapshot creation for the synchronized databases for Reporting Purposes.  • Capturing the events using SQL Profiler for poor performance queries, deadlocks and blocks and studying the execution plans and fine tuning the applications.  • Disaster Recovery setup and testing it in regular intervals.  • Automating Server-Side Tracing in SQL Server and identifying SQL Server performance  issues, by analyzing Profiler output.  • Reporting and resolving serious SQL server alerts.  • Implement and maintain database Security (Create and maintain users and roles, assign  privileges)  • Working with workflows for any changes on staging and development environment.  Involved in the internal and external audits and participating in the business continuity  plans of the company  • Implemented company policies, technical procedures and standards for preserving the integrity and security of data, reports and access SQL Server DBA MACQUARIE GROUP - London October 2013 to February 2015 • Migrating/refreshing databases  • Supporting database structure changes and data changes for Application development/  testing/ deployment  • Worked with Developers and QA team to resolve any database or application issues.  • Provided ongoing maintenance of assigned systems  • Maintain data security and integrity through user authentication and authorization  • Configures and validated database backup routines and recovery of lost or corrupted data  • Developed test sets for monitoring database functionality through 24*7 monitoring  systems  • Optimized database performance through database performance tuning  • Solved the request raised by user support  • Participated in implementation of new releases into production  • Involved in Day-to-day administration of live SQL servers Education Master of Science University of Greenwich - London Skills Sql Dba, DBA, Sql Server
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1218.html#245:::Oracle DBA;Oracle Database Administrator;DATABASE;ORACLE;ORACLE 10G;PL/SQL;RDMS;SQL;LINUX;RED HAT;UNIX;UNIX SHELL;RMAN;VM;OEM;CONFIDENT;WRITTEN AND VERBAL;TEAM PLAYER;EXCEL;MICROSOFT OFFICE;OUTLOOK;WORD;Oracle Dba;DBA:::Oracle DBA Oracle DBA Oracle DBA - Heron Solutions Group Arlington, TX Over 6 years of hands-on experience in Oracle Database Administrator with in-depth knowledge and proficiency in Backup & Recovery using RMAN utility, Security Implementations, Database Design, Performance Monitoring & Tuning, Data Migration, Upgrades, Patching, Cloning/Refresh and Replication, OEM, Oracle RDBMS, Data Guard, RAC. I am also proficient in an assortment of technologies including Oracle 10g, 11g and 12c. I possess extraordinary written, verbal, analytical and organizational abilities in English. I am proven leader with motivational management style, a solid reputation for building and retaining highly motivated teams and development of innovative solutions. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle DBA Heron Solutions Group - Atlanta, GA February 2016 to Present Implementation and Installation of High Availability solutions with Oracle 12c, 11g RAC, 10g RAC, Standby Database (Active Data Guard), Disaster Recovery  Involved in Design and implementation of oracle 11g Data Guard both physical/logical Standby databases for high availability and disaster recovery.  Installation and configuration of Oracle Enterprise Manager  Implemented Monitoring Templates and Incident Rule notifications using OEM for database alerting.  Ensure system integrity, efficiency and performance through management of core system resources (CPU/Memory/IO Performance)  Worked extensively on OEM and configured DB alerts for DBA  Effectively made use of Indexes, Table Partitioning, Collections, Analytical functions, Materialized Views & Query Re-Write.  Supported functional data warehouse projects.  Deploy bug fixes, patches and security updates to ensure system readiness, performance, resource.  Data migration, Cloning/Refresh, Backup and Recover using RMAN utility  Tablespace and User Management  Installation, Configuration, Upgrade, patching of Oracle RDBMS and applications Work on different versions of Databases with OEM Grid control to maintain the database effectively.  Configured different levels of replication such as DDL replication, DML replication for table level, schema level, database level using Oracle Streams.  Query optimization, PL/SQL Performance Tuning using Oracle Cost based Optimization techniques, Trace, Hints. SQL, PL/SQL and UNIX shell scripting.  Monitored the Applications and database using OEM, PATROL(BMC Tool)  Document and communicate changes to the OLTP, OLAP systems and data warehouse teams, including Data Modeling, ETL and Database teams.  Used Automatic Workload Repository (AWR) & Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor (ADDM) in RAC for Performance Tuning.  Built 2 node RAC 11gr2 Standby database and set up DG Broker  Setup of High Availability of the database using RAC, Standby, Data guard.  Provide 24X7 support for Oracle 10g/11g/12c databases on windows/Linux platforms  DBA activities such as configuring Grid events, Regular Backup's, Replication, Tuning, and troubleshooting performance issues.  Advanced Backup and Recovery using Oracle RMAN utility  Provide development and production support related to database  Perform other regular DBA activities including space management and performance monitoring.  Design, development, testing, performance tuning, deployment, and support in Data warehouse system  Upgrade of database (10g to 11g and 11g to 12c) and applying patches whenever required Oracle Database Administrator EchoStar Corporation - Suwanee, GA May 2013 to August 2016 Responsibility  Perform maintenance of the data backup systems.  Deploy bug fixes, patches and security updates to ensure system readiness, performance, resource  Gather data pertaining to client needs, and use the information to identify, predict, interpret, and evaluate system and network requirements  Monitor server performance, network capacity, and security issues.  Assist with audits on existing software to verify authorized use and license certification  Remain up-to-date on products available in the market; support new technologies.  Disaster Recovery Testing; working with multiple departments in testing disaster recovery plans.  Monitored backup operations, and schedules manual backups as needed  Perform installations and configurations of grid infrastructure, databases, clients and much more.  Create and monitor roles and profiles, audit users  Researched, tested, and made recommendations of data validation tools  Provides recommendations to management on behalf of the team  Developing functional process diagrams for Oracle database services.  Providing support to developers working on SQL, including development of best practices, hands on demos, and knowledge transfer  Assisting with procurement of hardware, software, and services  Monitor Oracle trends for hardware, system and user load utilization  Ensure system integrity, efficiency and performance through management of core system resources (CPU/Memory/IO Performance)  Assess and perform systems utilization and headroom reports to assist in troubleshooting and performance tuning  Perform database upgrade from 10.2.0.1 to 11.2.0.4  Evaluate and manage existing software and licensing configurations, systems and the design, implementation and management of new/improved systems  Provide 24X7 support for Oracle 10g/11g/12c databases on windows/Linux platforms  Responded to and resolved database access and performance issues.  Performed capacity planning of Oracle server environment and provides recommendations to management to sustain business growth.  Experience of working on Oracle 9i/10/g/11g server infrastructures  Schedule jobs using various Oracle tools such as Oracle OEM, DBMS JOBS and SCHEDULER Education BSc. in Computer & Business Information Systems Ladoke Akintola University of Technology Osun Skills DATABASE, ORACLE, ORACLE 10G, PL/SQL, RDMS, SQL, LINUX, RED HAT, UNIX, UNIX SHELL, RMAN, VM, OEM, CONFIDENT, WRITTEN AND VERBAL, TEAM PLAYER, EXCEL, MICROSOFT OFFICE, OUTLOOK, WORD, Oracle Dba, DBA Certifications/Licenses Oracle Certified Associate Present
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1219.html#246:::ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR;ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR;ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR;JUNIOR ORACLE DBA;DBA;Oracle Dba:::ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR ORACLE <span class="hl">DATABASE</span> <span class="hl">ADMINISTRATOR</span> ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR - Oracle Corporation Work Experience ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR Oracle Corporation - Lehi, UT 2016 to Present * Fulfills a critical role leading technical analysis and Oracle Enterprise Manager installation, upgrade, and administration responsibilities at this Fortune 500 provider of software for enterprise information management.  * Perform standard database administrator duties such as software installation, patching, upgrades and upgrades.  * Directs the deployment of Oracle Enterprise Manager 12c and 13c, as well as Management Agents, on all operating systems, and serves as an invaluable source of support for clients experiencing issues in development and production environments.  * Assists customers in the setup and management of database security by creating new users, roles, profiles and provides required user privileges in development, test and production environments.  * Supported system administration groups with maintaining oracle database servers and in pre-production, test, training, and development environments  * Provides guidance to clients on the installation and patching of Databases, Oracle Enterprise Manager Cloud Control and associated components; furnishes information and patches to clients to resolve issues with databases, Oracle management services, and monitoring agents.  * Performed backup and recovery tasks on Oracle database using RMAN and cold backups using shell scripts  * Uses Oracle Enterprise Manager to set up alerts to notify clients of critical issues.  * Leads the upgrade of Oracle Management Server and the Management Repository, from versions 11g, 12c to 13c. Also Upgrades plug-ins deployed to Management Services and Management Agents to newer versions.  * Ensures the availability of at least one Oracle Management Server at all times by configuring Oracle Management Service High Availability using Data Guard and RAC Database instances  * Creates standby databases using EM Console wizard.  * Resolves bottlenecks in all database environments. Scope of responsibilities include database creation, backup/recovery using RMAN, tuning/reorganization, user and security management, auditing, cloning, general troubleshooting, and configuring servers.  * Maintains and schedules Cold Backups, Hot Backups, and Export Dumps. Maintains backups of Archive logs and automates the cleaning of archive logs. Deploys RMAN to automate backup and maintaining scripts in recovery catalogs.  * Performs incremental backups, and complete and incomplete recovery using the Recovery Manager (RMAN) utility.  * Maintains knowledge and experience on cross platform Database Migration.  * Applied quarterly CPU Patches. ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR Corporate Express - Broomfield, CO 2014 to 2016 * Led the installation and administration of Oracle 11g databases across production, development, and test environments in line with the needs of projects at this provider of office and computer products. Responsible for performance tuning and the monitoring of users and tablespaces.  * Provided database-related services to the development and QA environments.  * Installed and configured Real Application Server on various nodes with automatic storage management.  * Maintained accountability for database security, with the authority to define roles and privileges to users. Planned and executed database backups and defined the formal backup methodology for the company.  * Partnered with the Unix System Administrator to define and configure software and hardware requirements to support integration with the Oracle database. Authored SQL scripts to build tables, views, and sequences.  * Upgraded Oracle 10g database version to 11g, followed by the upgrade of Oracle 11g database version to 12c version.  * Good experience of Installation and configuration of RAC (Real Application Server) on different nodes with ASM (automatic storage management).  * Led refreshes of the development and test databases from production using a combination of RMAN backups and export/import operations.  * As required, maximized the performance of databases by sizing database objects to maximize the use of space; led defragmentation operations on tables and indexes.  * Led the upgrade of databases from Oracle 11g to non-CDB 12c, and migrated 12c Non CDB databases to pluggable databases.  * Created Users, Roles and Profiles, Privilege management with role-based security.  * Performed database tuning using Explain Plan, TKPROF, Statspack, Automatic Workload Repository (AWR), Active Session History (ASH), and Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor (ADDM) and SQL Trace.  * Maintained and scheduled Cold Backups, Hot Backups, and Export Dumps. Maintains backups of Archive logs and automates the cleaning of archive logs. Deployed RMAN to automate backup and maintaining scripts in recovery catalogs.  * Upgraded Oracle ASM by running an Oracle Grid Infrastructure upgrade. ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR TCF Bank - Chicago, IL 2013 to 2014 * Assigned to this financial services institution to install, configure, and maintain Oracle 10g and 11gR2 databases on a Linux system; responsible for tracking tablespace growth and data file growth. Led user management, space management, database security management.  * Successfully implemented Backup & Recovery using RMAN which includes hot backups and Cold backups.  * Contributed to the import and export of database objects from one database to another and table backup operations. Cloned and migrated databases using RMAN and Data Pump utilities.  * Maximized performance by tracking CPU usage, I/O contention, and memory paging, identifying and removing resource and performance bottlenecks. Identified queries with a high response time and high disk read per execution in order to guide performance tuning.  * Served as an invaluable resource for 24/7 support for all production and development databases.  * Experience as an On-Call 24x7 production DBA support, application/development DBA, system administrator.  * Monitored physical I/O and proper sizing of rollback segments.  * Proven technical knowledge of infrastructure management (network, systems), combined with outstanding leadership ability and creative problem-solving skills in both strategic and tactical areas as well as excellent communication /documentation skills and strong aptitude to analyze and resolve problems.  * Cloned/Migrated databases using RMAN and traditional Datapump export/import utilities in Oracle 11gR2. JUNIOR ORACLE DBA Allstate Insurance 2012 to 2013 * Responsible for continuous Monitoring of CPU usage, I/O contention, memory paging and identify the resource and performance bottleneck and reorganization for ensuring performance.  * Implemented recovery strategies whenever required and successfully recovered databases in the event of crashes and media/disk failures by using RMAN.  * Installed and ran health monitoring and dial up connection reporting modules on client sub systems in order to receive alerts on communications failures.  * Provided instance level performance monitoring and tuning for Event Waits, Sessions, Physical and Logical IO and Memory Usage.  * Creating and assigning appropriate roles and privileges to users depending on the user activity. Education B.S. in Information Systems and Cyber Security Columbia Southern University Skills DBA, Oracle Dba Links http://www.linkedin.com/feed
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\122.html#247:::Systems Administrator;Database Administrator;Freelance Database Engineer;SOLARWINDS (Less than 1 year);ARCSERVE (Less than 1 year);BASH (Less than 1 year);C++ (Less than 1 year);CLUSTERING (Less than 1 year):::Systems Administrator Systems <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Systems Administrator - Star Gas Partners Selden, NY Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Systems Administrator Star Gas Partners - Woodbury, NY March 2017 to Present Deployed and configured of SolarWinds LEM, SAM, and NPM agents across organization servers and network devices. Acted as support staff for multi-location Salesforce rollouts. Database Administrator Overseas Military Sales Corp - Woodbury, NY June 2013 to March 2017 Responsible for the day to day maintaining of 80 servers and 8 database servers including but not limited to hardware upgrades and diagnostics, OS errors, application errors and daily server backups. Developed and implemented various automation tasks utilizing open source tools across multiple server environments. Additionally authored technical documentation on many organization processes for both technical and non-technical use. Freelance Database Engineer Sisters of St. Joseph - Brentwood, NY July 2014 to November 2016 Designed and Engineered an Access database for the assisted living facility's medical records. VBA coding was employed to create the front end GUI to input and view data. Education Computer Information System St. Joseph's College Skills SOLARWINDS (Less than 1 year), ARCSERVE (Less than 1 year), BASH (Less than 1 year), C++ (Less than 1 year), CLUSTERING (Less than 1 year) Additional Information SKILLS    OS Administration Skills  • Red Hat / CentOS / Ubuntu Linux  • IBM ISeries  • Windows Server 2003-2012  Application Environment Experience  • VMWare VSphere / VCenter  • IBM Websphere, SugarCRM, Salesforce  Known Languages  • Unix Bash, Batch and Powershell Scripting  • RPG Free Form (minimal)  • SQL, Visual Basic, Java, C++, RegEx  Tools and Software Experience  • Arcserve, CommVault, BackupExec  • Nagios XI, Solarwinds Orion  • Samba 4  • MySQL (original, MariaDB, and Percona), IBM DB2, MSSQL, Galera Clustering  • HAProxy Load Balancing  • SEA ABSmessage Monitoring  • MONyog MySQL Monitoring  • ELK Log Monitoring
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1220.html#248:::SQL Server DBA;SQL Server Database Administrator;SQL Server DBA;MS ACCESS;MS SQL SERVER;SQL SERVER;SQL;SSRS;T-SQL;HTML;JAVASCRIPT;VB.NET;XML;R2;MS-DOS;ANALYZER;WINDOWS 7;WINDOWS SERVER 2012;WINDOWS SERVER 2012 R2:::SQL Server DBA SQL Server DBA SQL Server DBA - Industrial bank Silver Spring, MD • 6+ years of experience in Database Administration and Developer for very large and complex databases in SQL Server 2014/12/2008R2/2008.  • Installation, Upgrade, Configuration and Administration of MS SQLServers 2014/12/2008R2/2008 in Standalone and Clustered environments.  • Expertise in database Maintenance Plans, Scheduled and Automated SQL Server Jobs, Configured Database Mail, Created Alerts, Operators and Notifications.  • Experience in SQL Server High Availability and Disaster Recovery solutions including Mirroring, Log shipping, Replication, Clustering and Always On Availability Group.  • Expertise in troubleshoot and Resolved SQL Server and Database related problems including but not limited to CPU, Memory, I/O and Disk space contention.  • Experience in implementing TDE(Transparent Data Encryption)  • Implemented the features like Backup compression, online indexing, Transparent Data Encryption (TDE), and security principals.  • Expertise in MS SQL Server Performance Tuning and Monitoring tools like Database Engine Tuning Advisor, SQL Server Profiler, Activity Monitor, DBCC, Store Procedures and DMV's.  • Extensive experience with SQL Server and T-SQL in constructing database objects: tables, triggers, user functions, views, indexes, user profiles, relational database model.  • Expertise in Administering SQL Server security by Creating Logins and users with appropriate permissions, monitoring the user accounts, creation of groups, granting the privileges to users and groups.  • Experience in implementation of change data capture (CDC)Installing and  Configuring virtual machine  • Experienced with Database Backup, Restore and Disaster recovery procedures.  • Experience in Data migration between SQL Server 2005/2008/2012/2014 and implement ETL from Excel, Flat file using BCP and SSIS utility.  • Extensive knowledge in Data Warehouse, Data Marts and OLTP/OLAP technologies  • Strong technical background along with the ability to perform business analysis and write effective documentation and specification.  • Experience in creating, deploying, and administering SSIS packages. Experience in installing, configuring, administering SSRS, and designing, creating, and modifying SSRS Reports. Working knowledge in SSAS.  • Excellent communication, interpersonal and analytical skills, adaptability and a team player, positive and sincere; ability to work independently or part of a team to accomplish critical business objectives; worked on storage, with system administrators, to allocate and configure Instances.  • Highly dedicated to continuous learning and improvement.  • 24 x 7 Production Database on Call Support. Work Experience SQL Server DBA Industrial bank - Oxon Hill, MD November 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  • MS SQL Server configuration, performance tuning, client/server connectivity, query optimization, back-up/recovery, running Database Consistency Checks using DBCC and troubleshooting on large databases.  • Experience working with large databases, experience in troubleshooting techniques at SQL Server level.  • Partitioned lot of tables, which have frequent inserts, deletes and updates to reduce the contention and to improve the performance.  • Written stored procedures, Triggers, Views, Functions and performed MS SQL Database modeling.  • Re indexed, defragged, dropped and recreated the indexes on tables for performance improvements.  • Developed security policy and enforced it by adding users, logins, and groups to the databases and granting/revoking permissions on Database objects.  • Auditing stored procedures for optimization and improving performance.  • Running Database Consistency Checks (DBCC), scheduling the DBCC to run daily and weekly basis.  • Worked on reports using Data Warehouse projects.  • Created SSIS packages for data migration, & Schedule Database Maintenance job.  • Experienced in implementing SQL server high availability tools like Log shipping and used Failover clustering as well carefully scheduled maintenance to minimize downtime.  • Installed the SQL Server at the beginning of the project.  • Administering the MS SQL Server by creating user logins with appropriate roles, dropping and locking the logins, monitoring the user accounts, creation of groups, granting the privileges to users and groups.  • Creating and managing schema objects such as tables, views, clusters, indexes, procedures, triggers.  • Managing the use of disk space, memory and connections.  • Monitoring MS SQL Server performance and network issues.  • Managing the use of disk space, memory and connections. Running DBCC consistency checks and analyzing stack traces, if generated  • Assigning the database users to particular groups.  • Database and log backups & restoration, backup strategies, scheduling backups.  • Implemented SQL server high availability tools like Log shipping and used Failover clustering as well carefully scheduled maintenance to minimize downtime.  • Solved Concurrency problems of blocks, locks, deadlocks, by viewing and tracking them using Activity Monitor and Management Studio summery page and Profiler.    Environment: SQL Server 2008 R2, 2012, 2014, Windows 2008 R2, and 2012 R2, Service Now, SSIS, SSRS, Management Studio, SQL Profiler and Database Engine Tuning advisor SQL Server Database Administrator ATG Trust company - Chicago, IL April 2014 to August 2017 Responsibilities:  • Installed, configured and upgraded installations of SQL server 2008/2012.  • Involved in planning and administration of Failover clustered environment.  • Involved in the implementation of databases mirroring and log shipping.  • Involved in performance tuning for the optimization of slow running queries and index maintenance.  • Automated SQL Server Agent jobs for Periodic Backups with Backup Devices and Database Maintenance Plan.  • Report on daily basis of server backup status.  • Implement maintenance plan for MS SQL Server(DB, updating index statistics, monitoring database and disk space).  • Monitoring the use of disk space, memory, connections, and trending.  • Developed various T-SQL stored procedures, triggers, views, and adding/changing tables for data extraction, data load and transformations.  • Administering database privileges and security within corporate standard operating procedures  • Optimizing & maintaining database performance through active monitoring, scheduled upgrades, service pack installations, and performance tuning using DBCC.  • Experienced with Point-in-Time Recovery and Restored Database from backup.  • Used DBCC to check database conditions, created maintenance plan to Reorganize and Rebuilding indexes.  • Identified, tested, and resolved database performance issues (monitoring and tuning) to ensure database optimization.  • Maintaining documentation and standards for DBA tasks, providing input on improving departmental processes.  • Designing corporate databases by analyzing data storage and reporting requirements while enforcing all database standards.  • Participation in corporate database architecture, development, deployment and capacity planning.  • Working closely with Network and application team to ensure no downtime. SQL Server DBA Glenworth Financial - Chicago, IL February 2013 to March 2014 Responsibilities:  • Installed, configured, upgraded and monitored SQL Server 2008 and 2012.  • Configured performance tuning and optimization in SQL Server 2008 and 2012.  • Implemented and configured Backup and recovery process using maintenance plans/and or TSQL for database servers.  • Involved in SQL server upgrade from 2008 to SQL server 2012.  • Involved in Day-to-Day activities such as monitoring SQL Agent Jobs, trending database growth, monitoring health and consistency of databases, ensuring database maintenance jobs etc.  • Involved in designing, configuring, monitoring and troubleshooting Failover clustering and log shipping technologies, on critical databases, as HA and DR solutions respectively.  • Performed data migration using Bulk Insert, Bulk Copy Program (BCP) and SSIS from Flat files to SQL Server 2008/12.  • Run Database Consistency Checks (DBCC), scheduling the DBCC to run on a daily and weekly ba Education Bachelor of Science Addis Ababa University Skills MS ACCESS, MS SQL SERVER, SQL SERVER, SQL, SSRS, T-SQL, HTML, JAVASCRIPT, VB.NET, XML, R2, MS-DOS, ANALYZER, WINDOWS 7, WINDOWS SERVER 2012, WINDOWS SERVER 2012 R2 Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  RDBM: MS SQL Server 2016/2014/2008R2/2008, MS Access.  Languages: T-SQL, SQL, HTML, Power Shell, VB.NET, MDX.  Web Technologies: HTML, XML, JavaScript.  Tools: SSMS, BIDS, SSDT, SSMS, SSIS, SSRS, Profiler, Extended Events, Query Analyzer,  SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, SSMA, Red Gate tool belt, Upgrade Advisor  Operating System: MS-DOS, Windows 7, 8, XP; Windows Server 2012 R2, 2012, 2008
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1221.html#249:::AWS Architect;AWS Cloud Engineer;Database Administrator;Linux Administrator;DOCKER (6 years);JENKINS (6 years);MAVEN (4 years);LINUX (5 years);ORACLE (4 years);HTML;Javascript;XML;Jquery;SQL:::AWS Architect AWS Architect AWS Architect - Deloitte New York, NY • Over 8+ years of professional experience as software professional industry comprising of delivery management, design, development, deployment and cloud implementation with thorough knowledge in AWS (Amazon Web Services), Hybrid Cloud, VMware virtualization/ Windows, and related technologies.  • Extensive experience in Implementing Organization Cloud Engineer strategy based on Amazon Web Services.  • AWS (Amazon Web Services): EC2, VPC, IAM, IAM, S3, Cloud Front, Cloud Watch, Cloud Formation, Glacier, RDS Config, Route 53, SNS, SQS, Elastic Cache,  • Utilized Cloud Watch to monitor resources such as EC2, CPU memory, Amazon RDS DB Services, EBS volumes; to set alarm for Notification or Automated actions, and to monitor logs for better understanding and operation of the system.  • Ability to Maintain High availability infrastructure in AWS, and to process Requests like Creation of Servers.  • Experienced with installation of AWS CLI to control various AWS services through SHELL/BASH scripting.  • Possess working knowledge with Python to automate software configuration.  • Experienced in creating multiple VPC's and public, private subnets as per requirement and distributed them as groups into various availability zones of the VPC.  • Created and configured elastic load balancers and auto scaling groups to distribute the traffic and to have a cost efficient, fault tolerant and highly available environment.  • Created S3 buckets in the AWS environment to store files, sometimes which are required to serve static content for a web application.  • Configured S3 buckets with various life cycle policies to archive the infrequently accessed data to storage classes based on requirement.  • Used IAM for creating roles, users, and groups to provide additional security to AWS account and its resources.  • Experienced in creating RDS instances to serve data through servers for responding to requests.  • Created snapshots and also images to store launch configurations of the EC2 instances. Good knowledge in Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Deployment(CD) methodologies  • Provided support for java applications by collaborating with java development team using the agile methodology  • Managed and automated all aspects of our AWS infrastructure (compute, storage, network, permissions, cost) using configuration management tools like Ansible, Cloud Formation and shell scripts  • Wrote Ansible playbooks for automating the process of provisioning custom Docker containers using AWS EC2 machines as hosts  • Assist in designing, automating, implementing and sustainment of Amazon machine images (AMI) across the AWS Cloud environment  • Experience with AWS API Gateway and Rest APIs.  • Experience with NoSQL data-stores like HBase, Cassandra  • Created and modified Cloud Formation templates to create/upgrade EC2 instances to support specific needs  • Used Vagrant to create compute layer which in turn creates Virtual Machines depending on scalability  • Used Dockerfiles to create Docker images that will contain preinstalled software and micro-services  • Experience in working on several Docker components like Docker engine, Hub, Machine, Compose and Docker registry  • Configured Jenkins to automate the build deployments based on the changes captured in Version Control,  • Expertise in Ansible Playbook, YAML for Maintaining Roles, Inventory Files and Groups Variables  • Experience in branching, tagging and maintaining the version control and source code management tools like GIT, SVN (subversion) on Linux.  • Extensive expertise working on Oracle products and services including Oracle database administration 10g/11g, production support, installation, configuration, backup and recovery, space management and security.  • Hot and cold Backup and recovery of oracle 10/11g database using RMAN.  • Scheduling of oracle database backup using RMAN.  • Managed database using command line as well as 11g OEM.  • Excellent working knowledge with database monitoring tools such as TOAD, OEM, etc.,  • Experience monitoring and troubleshooting with Oracle GRID,  • Analytical skills with ability to capture minute details and an effective team player, my strength lies in ability to interact with developers, coordinate and manage the tasks assigned, backed by strong technical knowledge. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience AWS Architect Deloitte - New York, NY January 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  • Built and release EC2 instance Amazon Linux for production and Development environment,  • Worked as a part of AWS built team,  • Experienced with installation of AWS CLI to control various AWS services through SHELL/BASH scripting.  • Possess working knowledge with Python to automate software configuration.  • Setup and attached EBS volumes to EC2 instances,  • Ability to Maintain High availability infrastructure in AWS and processing Requests like Creation of Servers,  • Experienced in creating multiple VPC's and public, private subnets as per requirement and distributed them as groups into various availability zones of the VPC.  • Created and configured elastic load balancers and auto scaling groups to distribute the traffic and to have a cost efficient, fault tolerant and highly available environment.  • Created S3 buckets in the AWS environment to store files, sometimes which are required to serve static content for a web application.  • Configured S3 buckets with various life cycle policies to archive the infrequently accessed data to storage classes based on requirement.  • Experienced in creating RDS instances to serve data through servers for responding to requests.  • Created snapshots and also images to store launch configurations of the EC2 instances.  • Setup and managed Security Groups, VPC'S specific to environment,  • Monitored and worked on alerts and issues related to server availability, disk issues, CPU, memory, processes etc.,  • Managed and created User accounts, Shared Folders, provided day to day User support, Log management, Reporting, applying Group Policy restrictions etc.,  • Troubleshooting Network problems.  • Infrastructure development on AWS using various services like EC2, S3, RDS,ROUTE 53, Cloud Formation, Cloud Watch, IAM, VPC etc,  • Hands on experience on VPC, Subnets, and Route tables, etc.,  • Good knowledge in Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Deployment(CD) methodologies  • Provided support for java applications by collaborating with java development team using the agile methodology  • Managed and automated all aspects of our AWS infrastructure (compute, storage, network, permissions, cost) using configuration management tools like Ansible, Cloud Formation and shell scripts  • Wrote Ansible playbooks for automating the process of provisioning custom Docker containers using AWS EC2 machines as hosts  • Assist in designing, automating, implementing and sustainment of Amazon machine images (AMI) across the AWS Cloud environment  • Experience with AWS API Gateway and Rest APIs.  • Experience with NoSQL data-stores like HBase, Cassandra  • Created and modified Cloud Formation templates to create/upgrade EC2 instances to support specific needs  • Used Vagrant to create compute layer which in turn creates Virtual Machines depending on scalability  • Used Dockerfiles to create Docker images that will contain preinstalled software and micro-services  • Experience in working on several Docker components like Docker engine, Hub, Machine, Compose and Docker registry  • Configured Jenkins to automate the build deployments based on the changes captured in Version Control,  • Expertise in Ansible Playbook, YAML for Maintaining Roles, Inventory Files and Groups Variables  • Experience in branching, tagging and maintaining the version control and source code management tools like GIT, SVN (subversion) on Linux. AWS Cloud Engineer MetLife Insurance - Charlotte, NC January 2014 to November 2016 Responsibilities:  • Setup of Virtual Private Cloud(VPC), Network ACLs, Security Groups and route tables  across Amazon Web Services.  • Written Cloud formation templates and deployed AWS resources using it  • Creating S3 buckets and managing policies for S3 buckets and Utilized S3 bucket and  • Designed policies to move the content to Glacier's.  • Configuration and administration of Load Balancers, Route53, Network and Auto scaling  • for high availability  • Supported 500+ AWS Cloud instance's and familiar with Amazon CLI management  • Implemented CI/CD pipeline as code using Jenkins 20 & kubernetes, and Developed build  • and deployment scripts using MAVEN as build tools in Jenkins 2.0  • Integrated Github web hooks into Jenkins to automate the code check-out process.  • Implemented Disaster recovery solutions for components/services in AWS - RDS (mySql),  • S3, route53 records.  • Trouble-shoot Continuous integration and automated deployment and management using  • Jenkins, Chef, Maven, Kubernetes, Docker.  • Initiated Microservices application through Docker and Kubernetes cluster formation for  • scalability of the application, and creation of Docker images, upload/download in and out  • from the DockerHub.  • Created monitors, alarms and notifications for EC2 hosts using Cloud watch  • Worked with development/testing, deployment, systems/infrastructure and project teams to  • ensure continuous operation of build and test systems  • Implementing automated tasks through crontab, resolving tickets according to the priority  basis.  Environment: Virtual Private Cloud(VPC), Jenkins, MAVEN, Github, Apache, Cloud watch,  Kubernetes, Docker, Cloud, S3, Load Balancers, Route53 Database Administrator PBGC - Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation April 2011 to December 2013 Responsibilities:  • Installing and configuring Oracle 10g and 11g databases on Solaris 10  • As part of team, collectively monitor and administer 50+ Oracle production and test databases and perform daily management activities of assigned databases Migrating Oracle database PL/SQL code from Development to QA and production environments.  • Hot and cold Backup and recovery of oracle 10/11g database using RMAN.  • Writing documentation and deployment guides for the client.  • Provided technical assistance for preparation of shell scripts for task automation.  • Establishing and maintaining multiple Oracle database environments for test, development, UAT, and production run.  • Performing daily/weekly monitoring of database that includes: space usage, Database performance, alert/system logs, and tables/indexes growth.  • Experience monitoring and troubleshooting with Oracle GRID,  • Evaluating the future growth of the database and estimating disk storage capacity requirements accordingly.  • Monitor database health and alert management to potential database problems and performance slowdowns.  • Developing hot/cold backup scripts to automate the backup procedures.  • Monitoring database performance by running statspack at set intervals and identify possible I/O bottlenecks  • accordingly and tuning the instance and managing the SGA to improve application CACHE hit ratio.  • Data loading using SQL*Loader, Logical backups using full export and DATAPUMP  • Worked as a team member to provide 24x7 on-call production database support  • Creating primary database storage structures (table spaces, rollback segments, etc).  • Migrating data from Development to Production environment using Import/Export utility and SQL Loader.  • Creating additional Listeners and configuring new Database Services on the network using the listener.ora, tnsnames.ora, sqlnet.ora.  • Additional duties as required.  Environment: Oracle 10g/11g/12c RDBMS, TOAD, Linux 5/6, SOLARIS 9/10, Pro * C, and Oracle 10gAS. Linux Administrator Viitorcloud Technologies Pvt Ltd - Ahmedabad, Gujarat September 2009 to March 2011 ViitorCloud Technologies is devoted to provide futuristic business solutions. We deliver innovative IT solutions by channelizing our best resources to engineer quality services. We follow a proactive and customized approach throughout the process levels to help grow our clients business more strategically.    Responsibilities:  • A Hands on experience in installing and administrating CI tools like Jenkins, GIT and Nexus.  • Managed and coordinated the SCM requirements planning through development of multi-tier applications and their build/deployment throughout BB&T distributed Windows development environment.  • Expertise in build tools like Apache MAVEN (using POM.xml) for the building of deployable artifacts such as war & ear from source code.  • Worked with all areas of Development teams to ensure the build and deployment process serves better quality for the business.  • Worked with Source Control Tools such as GIT Stash.  • Experience in partially administering Jira for issue management.  • Coordinate/assist developers with establishing and applying appropriate branching, labeling/naming conventions using Git.  • Used CHEF to automate the node configuration setup and maintenance  • Responsible for installing SSL certificates on Apache and Sun One Web Servers.  • Coordinate build schedules between development teams, Database Administrators and Network Operations while developing and improving build communication channels.  • Experienced in taking high quality measures for build/deployment/source control tools processes, SOD for right access levels for source control for better Auditing/Controlling.  • Attended sprint planning sessions and daily sprint stand-up meetings.  • Improved overall build and deployment execution and delivery turnaround times extensively.  Environment: Docker, LINUX/SOLARIS/AIX, WebSphere, Chef, Jenkins, GIT, Perl, Shell, Python, ANT, Oracle 11g Education Bachelor's Skills DOCKER (6 years), JENKINS (6 years), MAVEN (4 years), LINUX (5 years), ORACLE (4 years), HTML, Javascript, XML, Jquery, SQL Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    Cloud Platform Aws and open stack  Operating Systems Red Hat, Ubuntu, Linux, Windows  Configuration management Ansible, Maven, Docker, Jenkins  Version Control Tools GIT, GIT Hub, Code Commit, Subversion(SVN)  SDLC Agile  RDBMS Oracle 12c/11g/10g/9i SQL Server 2003/2005.2008/2010.  Languages C, HTML, LINUX, UNIX, Shell, SQL, Python  DB Management TOAD, OEM, Grid Control, Oracle SQL Developer  Tools/Utilities OEM Grid Control, Export/Import, RMAN, TOAD, Patch Management, Data pump, Data Guard, VERITAS Net Backup, IBM TSM & DATA DAOMAIN  Tuning Tools TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN, STATSPACK, AWR, ADDM
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1222.html#250:::Sr. SQL Server DBA;Sr. SQL Server DBA;Database Administrator;Ms sql server (6 years);Sql (6 years);Sql server (6 years);Sql server 2008 (5 years);Ssis;ETL;Sql Dba;DBA;Sql Database:::Sr. SQL Server DBA Sr. SQL Server DBA Sr. SQL Server DBA - West Advanced Technologies Bethesda, MD ? Over six years of professional experience in Database Administration, Database Design, Development and Support of MS SQL Servers 2016/2014/2012/2008 R2/2008 in Production, Test, Development, Replication and Cluster Server environments  ? Experience in database administration on production servers including Installation, Configuration, Managing, Performance Tuning and Maintenance with Troubleshooting capabilities  ? Extensive experience with SSMS and T-SQL in creating and managing database objects like Tables, Views, Indexes, User Functions, Triggers and Stored Procedures  ? Experience in Upgrade/Migration of MS SQL Server 2008/2008 R2 to SQL Server 2012, SQL Server 2014 and SQL Server 2016  ? Experience in upgrading SQL Servers with latest service packs  ? Experience in MS SQL Server Performance Tuning, Query Optimization, Client/Server Connectivity, Data Transformation Services and running Database Consistency Checks using DBCC commands  ? Experience in monitoring the health and performance of SQL Servers using SQL Server native tools and other third party solutions  ? Experience in using DTA/Extended Events/Perf Mon/SQL Profiler/Scripts and other third party tools to resolve bottlenecks, dead locks and slow running queries  ? Experience in administering SQL Server Security by creating user logins with appropriate roles, monitoring user accounts, creating roles, granting permissions to users and roles  ? Experience in Database Backup, Restore and Disaster Recovery procedures  ? Solid experience and knowledge on High Availability/Disaster Recovery (HADR) solutions; Failover Clusters, AlwaysOn Availability Groups, Replication, Log Shipping and Mirroring  ? Experience with partially contained databases  ? Experience in creating DTS packages to utilize SSIS functionalities and DB dependency resolutions  ? Experience in creating various SSIS and SSRS packages to serve company needs  ? Experience in using SQL Server Agent Services to create and schedule jobs  ? Experience in exporting and importing data to and from other data sources like flat files using Import/Export through DTS, SSIS  ? Experience in creating technical documentations and process archiving and change management  ? Experience in working independently as well as in team-oriented environments  ? Experience in supporting and maintaining large databases and troubleshooting their problems Work Experience Sr. SQL Server DBA West Advanced Technologies - Leesburg, VA November 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  ? Responsible for administering MS SQL Server 2012, 2014 and 2016 databases  ? Responsible for installing and configuring SQL Server 2012, SQL Server 2014 and SQL Server 2016 with backup jobs, database mail and configuration options  ? Responsible for upgrading SQL Servers with latest service packs  ? Responsible for migrating SQL Server databases to SQL Server 2016  ? Responsible for creating, administering and maintaining SQL Server databases on Production, Test and Staging for various groups and ensuring the availability of the database servers  ? Responsible for configuring and maintaining transactional replication for flow of data from QA and Development servers to the replica servers  ? Responsible for monitoring data activities like database status, logs, space utilization, locks and long transactions  ? Responsible for implementing SQL standards in writing Stored Procedures, Triggers, Views and Functions  ? Responsible for resolving deadlock and blocking issues for concurrent users. Work with developers in optimizing the code to minimize the duration of the lock  ? Provide appropriate access to users except system databases owners. Refresh databases for pre or post data loads activities  ? Responsible for securing SQL Server, user management, and taking care of permissions and roles  ? Responsible for managing High Availability/Disaster Recovery (HADR) solutions; Failover Clusters, AlwaysOn Availability Groups, Replication, Log Shipping and Mirroring  ? Support SQL Server developers working on different projects with various requests  ? Responsible for converting and redesigning existing DTS packages to SSIS packages  ? Responsible for developing SSIS packages to import and export data from existing systems to upgraded systems  ? Responsible for exporting and importing data to and from other data sources like flat files using Import/Export through DTS and SSIS  ? Responsible for monitoring database performance such as blocking, expensive query and memory utilization using database utility programs and 3rd party utilities Sr. SQL Server DBA RIGHTPOINT - Los Angeles, CA October 2014 to October 2018 Responsibilities:  ? Administered MS SQL Server 2012, 2014 and 2016 databases. Worked on change requests, permission requests and refresh requests  ? Installed and configured SQL Server 2014 and SQL Server 2016 with backup jobs, database mail and configuration options  ? Migrated SQL Server databases from SQL Server 2008 to SQL Server 2014  ? Upgraded SQL Servers with latest service packs  ? Monitored the health and performance of SQL Servers using SQL Server native tools and third party solutions  ? Worked in MS SQL Server Performance Tuning, Query Optimization, Client/Server Connectivity, Data Transformation Services and running Database Consistency checks using DBCC commands  ? Created database maintenance plans for SQL backups, optimization, integrity check and transaction log backups  ? Created checklists for proper/unattended install of SQL Server, applied service packs and security fix  ? Administered SQL Server Security by creating user logins with appropriate roles; monitored user accounts; created roles, granted permissions to users and roles  ? Configured and maintained transactional and snapshot replication for three environments  ? Worked on High Availability/Disaster Recovery (HADR) solutions; Failover Clusters, AlwaysOn Availability Groups, Replication, Log Shipping and Mirroring  ? Responsible for regular monitoring of SQL Server, analyzing logs, Troubleshooting SQL Server problems such as SQL Server Service, Concurrency problems (blocks, locks, deadlocks, activity monitor), and SQL Server Agent job execution problems  ? Worked with SQL Disaster Recovery processes and documented/revised the processes  ? Worked with capacity planning, database sizing and monitoring  ? Created and administered databases and database objects like Tables, Views, Indexes, Stored Procedures and Triggers, Alerts and maintained user permissions  ? Applied monthly patches and hot fixes. Worked with application team to test the successful upgrades  ? Maintained Operators, Categories, Alerts, Notifications, Jobs, Job Steps and Schedules  ? Converted and redesigned existing DTS packages to SSIS packages  ? Developed SSIS packages to import and export data from existing systems to upgraded systems  ? Exported and Imported data to and from other data sources like flat files using Import/Export through DTS, SSIS Database Administrator IceAddis - Addis Ababa, ET February 2013 to June 2014 Responsibilities:  ? Responsible for administering MS SQL Server 2008 and 2008 R2 databases. Worked on change requests, permission requests and refresh requests  ? Installed and configured SQL Server 2008 R2 database server instances  ? Migrated SQL Server databases from SQL Server 2005 to SQL Server 2008 R2 and SQL Server 2012  ? Created and administered databases and database objects like Tables, Views, Indexes, Stored Procedures and Triggers, Alerts and maintained user permissions  ? Implemented SQL logins, roles and authentication modes as part of security policies for various categories of users  ? Designed and implemented comprehensive backup plan and disaster recovery  ? Responsible for regular monitoring of SQL Server, analyzing logs, Troubleshooting SQL Server problems such as SQL Server Service, Concurrency problems (blocks, locks, deadlocks, activity monitor), and SQL Server Agent job execution problems  ? Rebuilt indexes at regular intervals for better performance  ? Involved in installation, configuration, maintenance and optimization of SQL Server HADR solutions  ? Performed SQL Server and windows service pack upgrades Education B.Sc. in Mechanical Engineering in Mechanical Engineering Addis Ababa University Skills Ms sql server (6 years), Sql (6 years), Sql server (6 years), Sql server 2008 (5 years), Ssis, ETL, Sql Dba, DBA, Sql Database Certifications/Licenses Microsoft Certified Professional Certificate: Administering Microsoft SQL Server 2012/2014 Databases Present
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1223.html#251:::SQL Database Administrator - DBA:::SQL Database Administrator - DBA SQL <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> - DBA SQL Database Administrator - DBA - MIMAKI USA INC Suwanee, GA Work Experience SQL Database Administrator - DBA MIMAKI USA INC - Suwanee, GA 2008 to Present SQL Database Administrator – DBA (4 years)    Microsoft Dynamic AX Administrator/Functional Analyst (3 Years)    Email: sam2walt@gmail.com     • Installed, configured and maintained databases in the production, development, and quality  assurance environments.  • Effectively monitored Databases for performance and Tuning.  • Developed and implemented properly the backup and disaster recovery procedures.  • Assessed the effectiveness of new technologies in relation to the consistency and reliability of the databases.  • Assisted in partitioning schemas, tables and indexes, creating File/File groups.  • Scheduled Full/Differential and Transactional log backups for user and system databases in the production environment using the Database Maintenance Plan Wizard and T-SQL.  • Periodically monitored and Administered Clustering.    SUMMARY  • Experience with implementing DR solutions, High Availability of database servers using  Database Mirroring, Replications (Snapshot, Transactional, and Merge), Log Shipping and  Clustering.  • Experience in implementing SQL Server security and Object permissions like maintaining  Database authentication modes, creation of users, configuring permissions and assigning  roles to users.  • Experience in creating Jobs, Alerts, SQL Mail Agent and scheduling DTS, ETL and other SSIS  Packages.  • Experience in implementing different types of Replication Models like Snapshot, Merge and  Transactional on basis of business specification.  • Great knowledge with parameterized Reports. Education B.Sc in Mathematics KNUST GHANA - Kumasi Additional Information SQL Database Administrator: - With over 4 years of Database encounter. Areas of  knowledge incorporate Microsoft SQL Server 2005/2008, 2008R2 & 2012.    Career/Skills  • Database Mirroring, Log Shipping and Replication Configurations  • Backup strategies  • Restore and Recovery Options  • Performance Monitoring, Query Troubleshooting & Tuning  • DB Engine Tuning Advisor, DMV's and SQL Profiler  • Knowledge in Monitoring Cluster (Active/Active and Active/Passive)  • T-SQL, Database Design Techniques and Partitioning Strategy  • SSRS and SSIS (ETL) Packages, Import - Export, Data migration    • SQL Code and design (stored procedures, functions, tables, views, triggers,  indexes, constraints).  • ERP Systems (Microsoft Dynamic AX 4.0, 2009 & 2012)  • Excellent Team Building  • Excellent Communication Skills
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1224.html#252:::IT Manager / Programmer;Sql Developer/Interim;Database Administrator:::IT Manager / Programmer IT Manager / Programmer IT Manager / Programmer - Blue Chip Group Saratoga Springs, UT Work Experience IT Manager / Programmer Blue Chip Group December 2018 to Present Blue chip group is a company involved in the food manufacturing and emergency preparedness  industries. When I first came to Blue Chip I had thought it would be in a very specific capacity as a SQL  developer. After going through the hiring process they decided that with the skills I had to offer I would  be more valuable managing the systems, and infrastructure. So on top of my work helping with the database, I have managed the servers, network, phone system, and all end users here at Blue chip. Sql Developer/Interim Food for Health International July 2017 to December 2018 Director of IT    I came into the FFH team in July of 2017. I was hired to fix a good amount of issues that had been created by the previous IT staff. Key among the fixes I was brought on to fix were a shipping Pick Pack system that  had not been fully implemented and fix major issues with the databases and speed issues. I was able to  get the CASI pick pack system running through fixes to the programming. I also brought the servers and databases up to speed and was able to make serious improvements to the latency and usability of the ERP  system. Database Administrator Wilson Electronics June 2014 to July 2018 I began as an intern in the IT department. I worked directly with their DBA maintaining the ERP system. 2  months after interning I was offered a full-time position as a DB Tech and have now taken over as their  senior DBA. In my role as Database Administrator I maintain the production databases, handle front-end and back-end code for their manufacturing websites as well as build out new features for all facets of their  production and sales departments. Education AS degree in Information Technology Dixie State University
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1225.html#253:::Database Administrator;Oracle/SQL DBA;Oracle DBA;Oracle DBA;DATABASE;ORACLE;PL/SQL;SQL;LINUX;DBA;Oracle Dba;Sql Dba;MYSQL;Sql Server:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator - TATA Consultancy Services Atlanta, GA Work Experience Database Administrator TATA Consultancy Services - Atlanta, GA January 2019 to Present Responsibilities:    • Install configure, tune, and maintain oracle databases.  • Monitor and optimize database performance/Refresh and restore tables and schemas.  • Perform daily checks on databases servers, confirming status backups, and file compression.  • Create database constrains, tables, clusters, maintained integrity, indexes, and sequences.  • Create and maintain PL/SQL scripts and stored procedures  • Developed, tested, debugged and documented Oracle PL/SQL packages.  • Assisted in conversion of exiting PowerBuilder code to PL/SQL and Java to support a new Flex application.  • Design, developed, and maintained data extraction and transformation processes.  • Investigated data quality issues and implemented appropriate solutions  • Provided primary SQL Server support and monitored performance of all database instances.  • Rewrote queries, stored procedures, and created missing indexes used in company's ASP-based reporting portal.  • Monitored and fixed nightly maintenance. Optimized and improved DTS and SSIS packages.  • Performed ad-hoc complex queries for the sales, accounting and customer service departments.  • Supported and maintained Oracle/MS SQL databases on Windows NT platforms in development, testing and production environments.  • Maintained Microsoft SQL Server (2005 and 2008) including user account management, and database backup.  • Hands on experience on database migration across platforms and/or from other RDMS technologies.  • Applying deep, low-level DBMS capabilities in combination with native coding/scripting skills to deliver operational efficiencies of the support team.  • Designed and developed multiple RDMS platforms migrations, and developed programs and scripts.  • Performed extensive coding using SQL, PL/SQL, T-SQL on RDBMS.  • Automating tasks using cron for GG restart  • Replicated to a disaster recovery site for increased server manageability and availability.  • Executed processes for evaluation of system space, database allocation and storage metrics.  • Configured Confidential for active-active configuration in a multi master replication environment  • Tuned GG to handle large volumes of data for high transaction tables  • Installation, setup, and creation of four node cluster RAC Oracle 12c database using GRID infrastructure with ASM file systems.  • Involved in the project of implementing and configuring Real Application Clusters (RAC) on Oracle10g Automatic Storage Management (ASM).  • Upgrading Oracle databases from 11.2.0.4 to 12.1.0 in an Exadata Production and Test environment. Oracle/SQL DBA Govt - Marietta, GA January 2018 to December 2018 Responsibilities:    • Creating automate scripts to take backup of database by RMAN, imp/exp at data file and user level.  • Frequently monitored database level parameters for performance issues and tuned SGA, Optimizing SQL Queries.  • Maintained cluster servers to provide high availability.  • Responsible for data integrity and concurrent data, locks and deadlocks.  • Installed, configured and maintained Oracle Databases on Linux, UNIX and Windows Platforms.  • Successfully implemented physical standby database using Oracle Data Guard feature for High availability configuration.  • Installation and Configuration of 11g Grid Control.  • Installed OEM Grid Agents on UNIX, LINUX and Windows for monitoring of production databases.  • Managed user accounts and assigned appropriate privileges  • Performed Database duplication with RMAN  • Installed, configured Oracle Database Software using Oracle Universal Installer  • Performed Database Backup, restore and recovery using RMAN  • Carried out bulk inserts using SQL*Loader  • Upgraded database using patchset  • Applying Oracle Exadata Full Quarterly Stack Patches (patching the storage servers, compute nodes, grid, databases and infiniband switches)  • Active Data Guard configuration and implementation on Exadata servers ( production and standby )  • Configuration of Exadata Snapshot Databases in dev/test for use with sparse disk group  • Installing Oracle Goldengate and setup table level replication as well as DDL replication.  • Performed Golden Gate upgrades from Version 12.1.2.1.0 to 12.1.2.1.10.  • Performed Golden Gate configuration changes to Manager / EXTRACT and REPLICAT  • Trouble shoot Oracle Goldengate replication performance.  • Database refreshes using export/import and datapump.  • Migrate Oracle databases with datapump or transportable tablespace  • Perform schema REMAP using exp/imp data pump utility  • Perform partition maintenance like truncating partitions and adding new partitions.  • Perform database level 0 or level 1 backup with RMAN backup  • Restore and recovery database from disaster from RMAN backup  • Perform cloned, migrated databases using RMAN Oracle DBA NCR - Duluth, GA April 2017 to October 2017 Responsibilities:    • Tuning database for optimal performance using AWR, ADDR and Advisors.  • Diagnosing and resolving issues associated with the Database  • Setup and configured database network connectivity  • Resolved issues related to database connectivity, user quota and storage issues  • Effectively applied knowledge of database architecture, logical and physical database structures for design, planning and problem solving  • Schedules backups with Enterprise Manager.  • Monitored alert log and trace log files daily for potential problem identification and resolution  • Documented all important database related topics, issues, resolution and changes  • Creation, management and modification of database objects - Tables, indexes and synonyms  • Delivering accurate and timely logging of issues and resolution in ticketing system  • Participated in seminars, workshops and continuous learning events  • Implemented Oracle Database 11g, 2 node Real Application Cluster(RAC) using Oracle Clusterware for achieving high Availability on ASM.  • Setup and maintain RMAN backup and recovery strategy for RAC and Single instance Databases.  • Worked on Oracle 9i to 10g/11g migration projects with low maintenance window and applied patches to various databases.  • Disaster recovery implementation using physical standby databases for high availability.  • Worked for Incident & Problem Management and Change Release Management to meet business SLAs (Service Level Agreement).  • Successfully Migrated Non RAC single instance to Real Application Cluster (RAC) database instances.  • Performance tuning i.e. Tuning RAC, tuning applications, shared pool, I/O distribution, rollback segments, buffer cache, redo mechanisms.  • Troubleshoot system issues, monitored scheduled jobs and set up maintenance plans for proactively monitoring the performance of SQL Server databases. Oracle DBA Wipro - Charlotte, NC July 2012 to March 2017 Responsibilities:    • Cloned, migrated databases using RMAN and traditional datapump export/import utilities in Oracle 11g/12c.  • Actively participated analysis, database design, coding, and implementing.  • Using SQL Loader, loaded into multiple tables.  • Developed packages, stored procedure, functions and database triggers using PL/SQL to improve performance tuned SQL queries.  • Involved I developing procedures, functions and different forms.  • Used PL/SQL to report and perform calculations and get desired outputs.  • Provide necessary technical support for fixing the bugs in interacting with end users.  • Involved in testing, integration system test, implement and document the entire project.  • Created physical standby databases using RMAN with zero downtime, performed failover and switchover using Data Guard broker and manually as when required.  • Worked on disaster recovery of physical standby failover/switchover/loss of service rebuild/corruption/loss of datafile testing.  • Automated monitoring the database, performance parameters, backup and recovery activities by running CRON jobs and customized various Unix shell scripts in sending email for ORA-errors, reports for quick morning check (QMC), automate routine DBA tasks of taking backups, exports, space usage monitoring, moved archive logs to different mount point when archive destination is full and resync RMAN catalog.  • Worked with team for installation and maintenance of Oracle 10g, 11g, 12c RAC ASM database for high availability.  • Monitored and tuned long running jobs by working closely with the application development team; analyzed objects, created and rebuilt indexes, tune queries using SQL TRACE, TKPROF, Explain Plan, TOAD.  • Performed troubleshooting of database using AWR and ADDM reports.  • Responsible for network configuration and involved in Client-Server environment using TNSnames, LISTENER.net Configuration Assistance and other configuration files.  • Created and restored database using Oracle Flashback Technology with Guarantee Restore Point.  • Managing network, storage and Ravello in Oracle Cloud.  • Experience in administration and 24x7 support of ExaData, multi node RAC cluster database.  • Strong skills in applying security patches (patch set, critical patch updates (CPU) / Patch Set Updates (PSU), One-off Patch using "runInstaller" and perl based utility "opatch".  • Highly experienced in implementing Oracle's Transportable Tablespace (TTS) feature using Datapump Export/Import (Oracle 12c, 11g, 10g) allowing users to quickly move a user tablespace across Oracle databases.  • Expertise in implementing data refreshes at database, schema and table level using RMAN utility and Datapump, conventional Export/Import of Oracle 10g, 11g, 12c.  • Experience in Netezza, created complex data queries and designed tables, views in IBM Netezza database environment.  • Write complex SQL statements to perform high level and detailed validation tasks for new data and/or architecture changes within the model comparing Oracle against Netezza data.  • Perform SQL queries in Netezza and Oracle to validate data.  • Installed Oracle and grid software on standalone servers on ASM and file system.  • Performed activities on ASM, creating disk group with different redundancy levels using fail group, adding a disk to a disk group, making disks online/offline and mount/dismount diskgroups as SYSASM.  • Constantly monitor the performance (v$ dynamic performance views at peak load) of the databases and viewing alert log files and trace files.  • Ran scripts to check the status of databases such as growing table sizes, extent allocation, free space, used space, fragmentation. Education Bachelor of Computer Science in Computer Science Abia State University January 2004 to December 2008 Skills DATABASE, ORACLE, PL/SQL, SQL, LINUX, DBA, Oracle Dba, Sql Dba, MYSQL, Sql Server
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1226.html#254:::IT User Support Supervisor;Technical Application Administrator;400 and Database Administrator;IT Service Rep;DISASTER RECOVERY (8 years);MAINTENANCE (8 years);TECHNICAL SUPPORT (8 years);DISASTER RECOVERY PLANNING (Less than 1 year);EXCHANGE (Less than 1 year);Desktop Support;MAC;Active Directory;Help Desk;Service Desk:::IT User Support Supervisor IT User Support Supervisor IT User Support Supervisor Bellevue, WA I'm an Information Technology Administrator with 7+ years of demonstrated success in management, software administration, project management, AS400 administration, SQL DBA, and many other positions within the IT department. Provide leadership and direction to the IT Team. I started at the bank in the Data Processing department & assisted IT with the implementation of the branch capture system. Then IT had a position open as a IT Support Representative & asked if I'd apply. That was the start of my IT career. I worked in many various positions within the IT department, growing my knowledge along the way, ending as the Technical Applications Administrator and IT User Support Supervisor. I also have 4 years of Project Management & Business analyst as part of the primary team during the banks core conversion followed by the bank merger/acquisition to Columbia Bank. This included the evaluation process to implementing applications, processes & procedures bank wide. My team & myself also processed all user security setup, modifies & deletes within all applications, from Active Directory to End User Applications.    I was nominated to the Council of Excellence - The Council of Excellence works with the CEO to provide feedback and implement initiatives that reinforce the bank's culture and core values. They are responsible for carrying out Employee Appreciation Day, administering the Employee Recognition Program and assisting Managers in welcoming new employees. You must be nominated for the position and can only server 3 years. I was honored to be nominated 3 years in a row, serving my full term. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT User Support Supervisor Panhandle State Bank - Sandpoint, ID 2007 to May 2015 • Assist and guide the IT Service Reps in appropriate handling of telephone calls, email and personnel requests for technical support.  • Provide support to end users on a variety of complex issues.  • Troubleshoot and answer questions regarding passwords, user access and title changes.  • Identify, research, and resolve complex technical problems. Recommend and/or implement course of action to resolve recurring issues.  • Document, track and monitor the problem to ensure a timely resolution and fully document them in the cSupport online tracking software.  • Provide Training programs that increase employee's efficiency. Train on new processes and procedures. Guide staff to develop protocol for handling of technical issues.  • Manage department and bank wide projects.  • Responsible for compliance with all applicable banking regulations, state and federal statutes, regulations and laws, and Bank policies and procedures as relates to specific job responsibilities and job function.  • Participate in all required compliance training within the assigned timeframes.  • Ensure all staff within area of responsibility complete required compliance training, understand and comply with all applicable banking regulations, state and federal statutes, regulations and laws, and Bank policies and procedures as relates to each employee's job responsibilities and job function. Technical Application Administrator Panhandle State Bank - Sandpoint, ID 2007 to May 2015 • Ensure that all releases for bank products are current and functioning. Contact product vendor for product specifications. Prep servers and verify all specs are met. Test releases before customer use. Install update/Release.  • Lead and manage system conversions/migrations for acquired/merged banks.  • Research, troubleshoot, and resolve system related problems. Act as liaison between branch personnel, administrative employees, and the IT department to communicate user requirements, problems, and resolutions.  • Communicate with vendors to research and resolve operational problems; submit work orders as necessary and communicate bids for custom work to appropriate employees.  • Attend vendor conferences to stay current on system functionality and participate in the enhancement submission processes and focus groups.  • Coordinate with the appropriate personnel to educate employees on new processes and software applications.  • Oversee service quality to ensure Service Level Standards are met and exceeded to the extent possible.  • Assist in the creation and maintenance of department procedures to ensure they are complete and current.  • Responsible for compliance with all applicable banking regulations, state and federal statutes, regulations and laws, and Bank policies and procedures as relates to specific job responsibilities and job function.  • Participate in all required compliance training within the assigned timeframes.  • Provide backup protection and maintenance for disaster recovery.  • Responsible for reviewing new technology, analyzing effectiveness for bank use and providing recommendations.  • Responsible for Software, Backups, upgrades, patches implementation and general Maintenance of LOB applications  • Oversee the creation and maintenance of department procedures to ensure they are complete and current.  • Manage vendor relationships which include regular communication, evaluating and obtaining quotes for new services, approving invoices, monitoring and managing expenses, and coordinating implementations or upgrades of software and products. 400 and Database Administrator Panhandle State Bank - Sandpoint, ID 2008 to 2010 Used a wide variety of techniques and tools in the development and unit testing of software applications, including: software tools, analysis and design techniques, database management systems, middleware and data access and retrieval programs. On call and 24/7 availability of systems IT Service Rep Panhandle State Bank - Sandpoint, ID May 2007 to December 2007 • Provide support services to end users as a first level problem identification and resolution resource including answering questions, providing advice, and troubleshooting.  • Coordinate user problem resolution with appropriate IT staff. May perform all or some of these functions at any given time depending on department or bank needs:  ? Respond to cSupport tickets, telephone calls, department personnel and other requests regarding technical problems.  ? Identify problem, provide resolution or research and refer to appropriate IT personnel if necessary.  ? Resolve complex IT issues by troubleshooting problem, researching, or contacting third party vendors.  ? Recommend and/or implement course of action to resolve recurring issues.  ? Document, track and monitor the problem to ensure a timely resolution. Document in the cSupport online tracking software.  ? Set up and manage new user accounts on network and AS400.  ? Perform new hire orientation on applicable software and hardware.  ? Manage installation of new software.  ? Resolve Jack Henry system problems with 4Sight, Silverlake and Synergy.  ? Ensure security protocol is followed on folders.  ? Travel to branches to assist with user support problems.  ? Purchase and evaluate pricing on all bank desktop IT products.  ? Complete RMAs (Return Manufacturing) on all repairs.  ? Conduct IT inventory of desktops, monitors, printers etc.  ? Responsible for bank printers' performance. Work with vendors on printer issues.  ? Image and prepare all desk and laptops before issuing to users. Disburse all bank computers.  ? Build and manage servers and operating systems. Education Some college Skills DISASTER RECOVERY (8 years), MAINTENANCE (8 years), TECHNICAL SUPPORT (8 years), DISASTER RECOVERY PLANNING (Less than 1 year), EXCHANGE (Less than 1 year), Desktop Support, MAC, Active Directory, Help Desk, Service Desk Additional Information Experience in various operating systems On-call experience  Quality communication Enterprise technologies  Team building/leadership Optimizing and performance tuning  Excellent problem-solving abilities Strong troubleshooting skills  Hands-on and proactive Data backup/retrieval  Comfortable with change Excellent communication skills  Create/Update processes and procedures Multiple Jack Henry applications  Cross tier components implementation Multiple FIS applications  Computer applications Server Management  System upgrades  System backups  Various computer systems  Strong project management skills  Remote access technology  Troubleshooting Windows, Microsoft products, servers on many levels, and many other banking program    Technical Skills    • Microsoft server 2003 and 2008  • Windows XP, Vista, 7, 8, 10  • Microsoft Exchange Server  • Microsoft SQL Server  • VMWare configuration, administration and maintenance  • Experience backing up, restoring, supporting, upgrading, and conversions on all LOB Applications  • AS|400 Administrator  • Technical Application Administrator - full list of applications can be provide upon request  • Technical Management    • Technical Support to all customers, both internally and externally to the bank  • Sharepoint  • Information Technology Solutions  • System Implementation  • Disaster Recovery Planning  • Self-starter with the ability to independently resolve problems  • Ability to perform effectively in a fast paced environment with short timelines  • Ability to maintain high quality of work while supporting multiple critical project
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1227.html#255:::Scrum Master;Scrum Master/Agile Coach;Scrum Master;Database Administrator;Software development;Frameworks;Migrations;Estimation;Mitigation;System testing;Qa;Qa analysis;Scheduling;Capacity planning;Agile Scrum;CSM;Scrum;Jira;Scrum Master:::Scrum Master Scrum Master Scrum Master Houston, TX Certified professional scrum master with over 8 years of IT experience working across broad Information technology, telecommunications, financial and banking domains. Experience working with diverse group of project resources (on-site and off-shore) in delivering high quality end to end SDLC projects on time and within budget. Highly organized, methodical and skilled in resolving project impediments, resolving team conflicts and building consensus with self-organizing teams. Goal oriented individual with excellent leadership, work ethic and communication skills. Work Experience Scrum Master Prosperity Bank - Houston, TX June 2017 to August 2019 • Scrum master leading Application Development and Maintenance teams developing and implementing multiple projects for Prosperity Bank such as: Prosperity Bank TPS and Prosperity Bank UPI  • Also led a team of cross-functional resources on engineering and development of Statements Infrastructure platform to integrate the process and usage of customer account data into one single Operational Data Store (ODS)  • Facilitating agile scrum ceremonies for 3 teams; including backlog grooming, sprint planning, daily scrums, sprint demos and sprint retrospectives  • Collaborated with program managers and project teams in creating documentation of working agreement, definition of ready and definition of done for the scrum team.  • Assisted in Gathering project requirements, defining scopes, allocating resources and establishing meeting schedules meeting to facilitate and execute project demands  • Closely collaborated with development team members to identify and quickly address problems.  • Empowered and motivated project teams to be highly productive, promote collaboration and continuous improvement to our work process  • Analyzed and utilized reporting systems and metrics such as (burn-down and velocity charts) to keep project members and management in loop with latest information and project progress.  • Provided timely, accurate, and actionable information to program stakeholders in a structured and transparent way  • Coached teams in adopting and implementing Agile best practices, providing necessary training to create positive mindset to Agile methodologies and internalizing scrum values.  • Worked with product owners to consistently groom, order and maintain product backlogs  • Scheduled and facilitated planning and analysis sessions with vendors and internal teams Scrum Master/Agile Coach Beyond Finance - Houston, TX August 2016 to January 2017 • Facilitated Sprint Planning, Backlog Grooming, Sprint Reviews, Sprint Retrospectives and other Scrum ceremonies; Also tasked with-analyzing and tracking agile metrics to to optimize project delivery  • Supported the transformation of Beyond Finance IT services from waterfall to agile, helping in the formation of new Agile teams through training, establishment of norms and coaching throughout project lifecycle  • Coached development teams to become self-organized, cross-functional and highly efficient while delivering high quality software  • Participated in the implementation of Beyond Finance's Agile strategy and setting in place Key Performance Indicators to monitor project goals and deliverables.  • Collaborated with project leaders to identify and resolve organization impediments impacting implementation of project strategy  • Coordinated and participated in bi-weekly estimation meetings to provide high-level estimates (Story Points) for product backlog items  • Constantly Communicated projects' transformation progress via weekly updates to management highlighting successes, risks, areas of improvement, and suggested resolutions  • Facilitated documenting, publishing and executing the team's continuous improvement plan for high process improvement items (based on retrospectives)  • Guiding and Coaching the Scrum Team and organization on how to use Agile/Scrum practices and values for better results  • Assists in the planning, execution, and analysis of user acceptance testing to ensure test cases and completed user stories meet Acceptance criteria and Definition of Done  • Planned and track work with Jira, using confluence for daily collaboration and documentation of requirements, meeting notes and retrospectives Scrum Master Verizon Wireless - Dallas, TX February 2014 to March 2016 • Work closely with functional teams of network and system engineers in implementing fiber builds and 5G network support in the Dallas market  • Lead the transition of production support for a major telecommunications company to WaveCrest's Abilene TX office. This transition has created hundreds of jobs in the USA.  • Created and maintained System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) documentation. Participated in Daily Scrum "Stand-up", Biweekly Sprint Planning, review and Retrospective Sessions.  • Worked effectively with multiple Scrum teams with both distributed and offshore resources  • Closely collaborated with project members to quickly identify and quickly address problems, resolving conflicts impeding teams from working at optimum productivity.  • Managed project risks by Proactively identifying risks before they impede team performance, and collaborating with team to develop mitigation plans.  • Worked with PO and various BAs to translate stakeholder requirements into over 10 different tangible deliverables such as functional specifications, user cases, user stories, workflow/process diagrams, data flow/data model diagrams.  • Served as a SME in Verizon's Agile space, participating in various communities of practice, contributing to white-papers, and authoring various confluence blog articles on best agile practices and new estimation techniques  • Shielded scrum teams from external interference to work process for optimal productivity and success in delivering sprint goals  • Collaborated with stakeholder groups across the organization to ensure business needs and technology alignment. Database Administrator North Star Financial Services - Dallas, TX February 2012 to December 2013 Environment: Oracle 10g, 11gR1,11g R2, 12c, RHEL 5/6/7, SOLARIS 10/11, IBM AIX, OEM, RMAN, Grid, RAC, ASM, Data-guard, DATAPUMP, RMAN, TOAD, TDE, Shell Scripting.  • Extensively involved in installing the oracle RDBM software, creating and configuring the databases (PROD, DEV, and TEST)  • Extensively used BMC Remedy, Citrix ticketing systems for resolving user request associated with database issues.  • Installed Oracle 12c database in the test environment and tested the upgrade from Oracle 11g to 12c.  • Worked on all database activities such as User management, space management and database security management on 10g, 11g and 12c databases on SOLARIS, LINUX and WINDOWS servers.  • Worked on administering 10 Production databases and more than 40 non-production databases of size ranging from 100GB to 5 TB on Solaris/AIX/LINUX servers.  • Performed high level Troubleshooting and Tuning, Written Shell Scripts for monitoring performance and health checks using scripts, AWR, ASH, ADDM, SQL tuning advisors and OEM.  • Involved in writing UNIX shell scripts for backup and recovery, Import and export procedure, PL/SQL functions, procedures, packages and triggers.  • Hands on experience in creating new redo log groups on ASM and NON-ASM environment to resolve performance issues by extending the existing redo logs.  • Responsible for setting up environments like installing, maintaining Oracle 12c RAC, Standby databases for High availability and Disaster recovery, upgrading and configuring the Oracle environment by creating databases, storage structures and objects, database backup and recovery, monitoring and optimizing database performance  • Analyzed the user requirements, designed partitioned tables and created indexes for improving performance and manageability because many queries can prune partitions.  • Expertise in Oracle networking, Performed Daily Monitoring of Oracle Instances, monitor users, and table spaces, Memory Structures, Rollback Segments, Logs and Alerts.  • Assisted IT Analysts on technical database issues and features.  • Proactively managed the databases, set up notifications, alarms using shell scripts for managing any exceptions in day-to-day management of the databases Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science University Of Buea December 2010 Skills Software development, Frameworks, Migrations, Estimation, Mitigation, System testing, Qa, Qa analysis, Scheduling, Capacity planning, Agile Scrum, CSM, Scrum, Jira, Scrum Master Additional Information Skills  • Agile Scrum, Waterfall methodology  • Agile Frameworks: SAFe, TDD, XP  • Servant leadership  • Capacity Planning  • User Story estimation  • Risk mitigation planning  • Stakeholder management    • Cross-functional supervision  • Great Communication  • Projects Scheduling  • Software Development  • QA Analysis  • System Migrations/Integrations  • System testing
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1228.html#256:::MS SQL Server Database Administrator;Junior SQL DBA;Database Administrator Intern;Sql Server;ETL;Sql Dba:::MS SQL Server Database Administrator MS SQL Server <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> SQL Server Database Administrator - AAA Carolinas Charlotte, NC Over 5+ years of experience as Microsoft SQL Database Administrator having hands on experience in MS SQL database Development/administration, production support, installation, configuration, upgrades, patches, performance tuning, backup and recovery, high availability solutions, database security, migration and documentation.  ? Excellent knowledge on database administration on complex databases of SQL Server,2017, 2016, SQL Server 2014, SQL Server 2012 and 2008 R2 with experience within very large-scale database environment.  ? Installed, Configured, and Maintained SQL Server 2014, 2012, and 2008 R2 in development, test and production environment  ? Experience in writing stored procedures, Functions, triggers views etc.  ? Hands on experience in test, production and development databases.  ? Proficient in database design for OLTP and OLAP.  ? Extensive experience in Backup and Recovery of Databases based on the RTO and RPO of the company.  ? Expertise in supporting client server GUI software and Operating system.  ? Created development, testing, staging, production and standby databases.  ? Extensive experience in database security and protect the data from SQL injection  ? Migrated existing databases into Azure cloud platform.  ? Extensive performance tuning experience, specializing in Operating System Tuning, SQL Tuning, Database, profiler and extended events.  ? Experienced in performance Tuning, Query Optimization, using Performance Monitor, SQL Profiler and other related monitoring and Troubleshooting tools.  ? Experience in data migration using Database Migration Wizard, attach and detach, backup and restore.  ? Implemented automated backup strategy using database maintenance task and ssis.  ? Expertise in maintaining Database Security and creating database and server level roles.  ? Experience in applying security patches to the databases.  ? Effective troubleshooting of database and Performance problems.  ? Configured and Managed High Availability (HA) and Disaster Recovery (DR) Solutions (Log Shipping, Mirroring, Always On, Clustering, and Replication), TDE (Transparent Data Encryption).  ? Developed various Transact-SQL (T-SQL) stored procedures, triggers, views and adding and changing tables for data load, transformation and extraction  ? Used Execution Plan, SQL Profiler, and Database Engine Tuning Advisor to optimize queries and enhance the performance of databases.  ? Experience with partitioned schemas and tables, creating File groups using SQL Server.  ? Experience in SQL Server Performance Tuning, Query Optimization, Client Connectivity and Database Consistency Checks Using DBCC.  ? Experience in Administering SQL Server security by Creating User Logins with appropriate roles, monitoring user accounts, granting privileges to users and groups.  ? Detail oriented and good documentation skill.  ? Experience in using Eclipse, NetBeans. Git and GitHub, SSMS, VC code etc.  ? Extensive knowledge of SQL Architecture, parsing and algebraizing process.  ? Experience in SSIS for ETL processes. SSRS.  ? Extensive Experience in using PowerShell, Git and GitHub, SSMS, VC code etc.  ? Experience working with in SDLC, STLC in Agile with Scrum environment.  ? Experience working in a Microsoft Azure Environment  ? Excellent interpersonal and strong analytical skills, Documentation & Problem-solving skills, Good co- ordination and communication with system administrators, business data analysts and development team.  ? Experience working with HTML, CSS, Java, C++  ? Experience working with SCRUM Agile Environment  ? SDLC, STLC.  ? Redgate, SolarWinds for database performance analyzer  ? Knowledge and experience in Microsoft AZURE. Work Experience MS SQL Server Database Administrator AAA Carolinas - Charlotte, NC February 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  ? Daily database administration tasks including scheduling backup, verifying night backups and recovery.  ? Installation, configuration, maintenance and tuning of databases.  ? Successfully upgraded SQL server 2008 to 2016.  ? Worked as a part of team in Data warehouse developing project.  ? Involved in Installation and configuration of SQL Server 2016.  ? 24x7 remote support and on call Database support for Database developers & end-users.  ? Involved in Database design and architecture, SQL server performance optimization, Scripting on Stored Procedures, Triggers, Index's, Views etc. using T-SQL.  ? Involvement on performance Tuning, complex query tuning and Schema refinements  ? Involvement on Disaster Recovery Strategies design, and involvement on monitoring, troubleshooting and managing issues and problems related with Replication, especially on Transactional Replication and other tolerance capabilities including Failover Clustering, Mirroring and Log shipping  ? Experienced in implementing SQL Database advanced security practices.  ? Created File groups, Table Partitioning, and created Index  ? Database Sizing, Tablespace Management, Transaction Management and Security Administration.  ? Created Users, Groups, Roles, Profiles and assigned users to groups and granted privileges and permissions to appropriate groups.  ? Automated backups for the Production and Test Databases using maintenance plans.  ? Automation of SQL Server Administration.  ? Experienced in Design, implementation and generating documentation of SQL Server on both physical/logical standby databases in high availability mode.  ? SQL tuning and Database performance tuning has been done based on reports generated by SQL Trace, profile and extended events.  ? Experienced in performance Tuning, Query Optimization, using Performance Monitor, SQL Profiler and other related monitoring and Troubleshooting tools.  ? Installed, Configured, and Administered Database Mirroring, Always On, and Replication as High Availability (HA) and Disaster Recovery (DR) Solutions  ? Planning Backup/Restoration Strategy, Planning and scheduling Backups, taking Logical Backups based on the SLA  ? Assisted SQL developers to optimize the SQL queries and stored procedures.  ? Expertise in recovering the database. Performed complete recovery and data file recovery  ? Experienced in Database Security User Management, Privileges, Roles, Auditing, Profiling, Authentication.  ? Applying security patches both Server side and Client side and Performed testing.  ? Experienced in documentation, provided documentation for database design, analysis, modifications, creating schemas etc.  ? Experience in using Git and GitHub, SSMS, SSDT, Slack etc.    Environment: SQL, SQL 2008R2, 2012, 2014, and 2016. Junior SQL DBA AT&T - Los Angeles, CA February 2014 to January 2017 Description:  Responsibilities:    • Daily database administration tasks including scheduling backup, verifying night backups and recovery.  • Installation, configuration, maintenance and tuning of databases.  • Successfully upgraded and managed SQL server 2005/2008/2008R2 to SQL Server 2012 and 2014 databases in Production, QA and development environments and mentored other technical staff.  • Involved in Installation and configuration of SQL Server 2012, 2014.  • 24x7 remote support and on call Database support for Database developers & end-users.  • Experienced in implementing SQL Database advanced security practices.  • Created File groups, Table Partitioning, and created Index  • Database Sizing, Tablespace Management, Transaction Management and Security Administration.  • Created Users, Groups, Roles, Profiles and assigned users to groups and granted privileges and permissions to appropriate groups.  • Automated backups for the Production and Test Databases using power shell and maintenance plans.  • Experienced in Design, implementation and generating documentation of SQL Server on both physical/logical standby databases in high availability mode.  • SQL tuning and Database performance tuning has been done based on reports generated by SQL Trace, profile and extended events.  • Planning Backup/Restoration Strategy, Planning and scheduling Backups, taking Logical Backups  • Assisted SQL developers to optimize the SQL queries and stored procedures.  • Expertise in recovering the database. Performed complete recovery and data file recovery  • Experienced in Database Security User Management, Privileges, Roles, Auditing, Profiling, Authentication.  • Applying security patches both Server side and Client side and Performed testing.  • Experienced in documentation, provided documentation for database design, analysis, modifications, creating schemas etc. YAYOBE IT Solutions Los Angeles CA - Los Angeles, CA 2012 to 2014 • Environment: TSQL, Microsoft Windows 2010, Microsoft Windows 2008, Microsoft SQL Server 2014, Microsoft SQL Server 2012, Microsoft SQL Server 2008 R2, Microsoft SQL Server 2005, Windows 2003 Server, MS Office, Import/Export, Query Analyzer, SQL Profiler, SQL Profiler, SQL, SQL 208R2, 2012, and 2014, Windows, TOAD, MS Office, Import/Export    YAYOBE IT Solutions Los Angeles CA. Database Administrator Intern YAYOBE IT Solutions Los Angeles CA June 2013 to December 2013 Responsibilities:  ? Develops and maintains new and existing database systems.  ? Proactively pursues development opportunities, learns existing environment and processes and exhibits progress on learning plan.  ? Builds strong internal and external partnerships.  ? Actively supports strategic future, culture and leadership practices.  ? Creates and maintains basic to moderately complex database systems for the benefit of internal and external customers.  ? Assists in the development of technical database design documents.  ? Provides initial unit testing of all database development and enhancements with the goal of providing a stable production environment while optimized for end-user performance.  ? Utilizes change management software and follow all change management processes.  ? Builds and maintains database systems in such a way that exceeds regulatory requirements. Security is a critical design requirement and data, systems, and applications must be protected at all points of the development lifecycle.  ? Learns key processes that support the database environment. Shadows team members to learn existing processes; uses tools necessary to learn and document those processes with the goal of being able to play a role in a production support rotation.  ? Identifies development opportunities and works with manager to establish learning focus and learning plan.  ? Manages learning plan and reports on progress during one-on-ones with supervisor.  Environment: TSQL, Microsoft Windows 2008, Microsoft SQL Server 2005, Microsoft SQL Server 2008 and SQL Server 2008 R2, Education Bachelor's in Computer Science Alemaya University Skills Sql Server, ETL, Sql Dba Links https://github.com/zinaw2017.com
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1229.html#257:::BI/ SSRS Developer;Database Administrator;Website developer;Database;Ms access;Mysql;Sql;Analysis services;Html;Php;Reporting tools;Microstrategy;Tableau;Asp;Css;Dhtml;Flash;Ms office;Soap;Ui;Jira;Java;Excel;SSRS;Data Warehouse;Sql Server:::BI/ SSRS Developer BI/ SSRS Developer BI/ SSRS Developer - EXAMWORKs Ellenwood, GA Diligent SQL Server Reporting develeper, Business analyst, website developer, database administrator, with more than seven years of experience in these related fields.    Proficient in developing SQL Server Reports. Also specialize in website design templates and code implementation for database connection. Also proficient in database administration and website development.    I'm hoping to bring my experience in development and database management to a company where I will also be able to learn much more due to my ever burning desire to acquire more knowledge.    Core Qualifications  • Outstanding knowledge of industry standard quality assurance procedures  • Adept at analyzing business requirements and software requirement specifications  • Strong ability to implement all established quality assurance methods  • Solid understanding of quality assurance and software development life cycles  • Willing to explore new tools  • Exceptional communications and organizational abilities Work Experience BI/ SSRS Developer EXAMWORKs Present Project Description:  Developing report using SQL reporting services and troubleshooting of existing report.    Responsibilities:  • Hold meetings with clients to determine requirements for report development.  • On daily basis writing complex queries based on clients requirements.  • Developing complex reports and making them user friendly for client  • Communicate reporting changes, enhancements, and modifications verbally or through written documentation to management and other team members  • Uses drill down, drill through, parameterized functionality in the reports.  • Writes complex SSRS Expressions when building reports.  • Works on the enhancements of existing reports and fixed bugs in the PROD Environment.  • Utilizes derived tables, temporary tables and Common table Expressions in SQL.  • Improving performance of queries used as data sets for SSRS reports.  • Creating new report subscriptions and updating existing once.  • Exported business data to Excel for further analysis utilizing SSRS    INDEPENDENT CONSULTANCY PRESENT  Website Developing/ Web Application  Project Description:  Database driven website and applications development for clients and development of concepts graphically.    Responsibilities:  • Developing of websites and working on graphic designing project  • Hold meetings with clients to determine requirements of the client.  • Responsible to install & Configuring SQL Server software.  • Restored database in case of failure or whenever required by applying full database backup and transactional log backups.  • Set up and manage database security by creating new users, roles, profiles, and provide required user privileges  • Give users the least amount of permissions they need to perform their job.  • Creating of relational database in PHP mysql and MSSQL.  • PHP mysql database management Database Administrator EDITEC LOTTERIES UK August 2007 to September 2010 Project Description:  Over 5000 GPRS lottery point of sales systems which are operated from remote locations connect to the servers in the office with the aid of GPRS devices. These devices have network data chips in them which connects to the servers through the particular mobile company chip inserted in them. The sales made on the point of sales machine are automatically uploaded to the servers in the form of text files then processed with a software to extract the sales details for the lotto draw processing. The information extracted are loaded into MSSQL database for reporting and winnings verification.  Responsibilities:  • Ensure measures are put in place towards solving IT related problems in the company as well as documenting records for future reference.  • Troubleshooting of system network related problems.  • Managing system database.  • Writing SQL queries to generate report for management each morning  • Creation of user logins and assigning permissions to users in MSSQL    Head Of IT Department / Systems And Database Administration, Responsibilities:  • Management system database and write queries to generate reports from the database.  • Troubleshooting of system network related problems.  • Organizing and training lotto agents on new GPRS software for the lotto point of sale machines.  • Repairing of faulty GRPS point of sales machines.  • Preparing of a monthly status report for the regional main office  • Creation of user logins and assigning permissions to users in MSSQL    Systems and Database Administrator / IT Consultancy, Responsibilities:  • Assisted the project manager in the IT consultancy duties  • Troubleshooting of system network related problems and documentation.  • Organizing and training lotto agents on new GPRS software for the lotto point of sale machines.  • Repairing of faulty GRPS point of sales machines.  • Management system database and write queries to generate reports from the database.  • Creation of user logins and assigning permissions to users in MSSQL    Systems and Database Administrator / IT Consultancy, Responsibilities:  • Assisted the project manager in the IT consultancy duties  • Troubleshooting of system network related problems and documentation.  • Organizing and training lotto agents on new GPRS software for the lotto point of sale machines.  • Repairing of faulty GRPS point of sales machines.  • Management system database and write queries to generate reports from the database.  • Creation of user logins and assigning permissions to users in MSSQL Website developer PERSOL SYSTEMS LIMITED June 2003 to May 2005 Website Developing Department Database  Project Description:  Development clients website and web applications.    Responsibilities:  • Developing of websites and web application project assigned by the project managers  • Testing of website projects and desktop applications to ensure they meets the business requirements (BRD) and technical specification documents prepared by the business analyst  • Meeting with clients to understand their requirement for website developing projects when even the need arise. Education Associate Skills Database, Ms access, Mysql, Sql, Analysis services, Html, Php, Reporting tools, Microstrategy, Tableau, Asp, Css, Dhtml, Flash, Ms office, Soap, Ui, Jira, Java, Excel, SSRS, Data Warehouse, Sql Server
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\123.html#258:::Jr. Database Administrator;Jr. Database Administrator;ORACLE (2 years);PL/SQL (2 years);SQL (2 years);UNIX (2 years);RMAN (2 years):::Jr. Database Administrator Jr. <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Jr. Database Administrator - NEW DIRECTIONS BEHAVIORAL HEALTH Edison, NJ Highly motivated Software Professional with 2 years of experience as an Oracle DBA and have been involved in Installation, Configuration, Upgradation, Patching, Backup and Recovery, Migration, Memory and Space Management, Cloning, Replication, Reporting, Performance Tuning, RMAN, RAC, Data Guard, OEM Grid Control.  • Extensive Knowledge on Oracle Architecture.  • Familiar with Table space level issues and User level issues.  • Activities of Archive logs and Trace files.  • User management and providing security to the databases.  • Experience in handling production database support and maintenance as well.  • Excellent Team player with good communication.  • Good Experience in Backup, Recovery and Cloning of databases using RMAN  • Installed Oracle Database software (Release 10.2.0, 11.2.0, 12.2.4) in various operating systems.  • Maintained databases Under Linux, & Windows Platform.  • Involved in Migration of Database 10g to 11g.  • Monitoring performance using OEM, AWR Reports and ADDM Reports.  • Involved in Database Cloning.  • Experience in performance tuning and application tuning.  • Experience in Developing Recovery Manager (RMAN) scripts for database backup and disaster Recovery including HOT and COLD backup options.  • Experience in Performing Database Tuning - Tuning involved I/O, Memory, CPU utilization, SQL Tuning, SGA tuning, Shared Pool tuning, Buffers and Disk I/O tuning using Oracle's regular performance tuning tools like Explain Plan, STATSPACK, SQL*Trace, TKPROF.  • Experience in PL/SQL, SQL and UNIX Scripting.  • Knowledge in User Management by Granting, Revoking Privileges according to requirement.  • Knowledge in Space Management by Monitoring and Managing Tablespaces.  • Keeping the database up to date by applying the latest CPU and PSU using the OPATCH utility.  • Have good knowledge of Oracle Apps Architecture 12c.  • Have working knowledge of Installation, Patching, Cloning of Oracle Apps.  • Knowledge of using oracle application utilities like adpatch, adctrl, admrgpch, adsplice, adadmin.  • Excellent Experience as Production DBA with 24X7 supports.  • Have impeccable communication and interpersonal skills and an exceptional team player.  • Proven abilities in establishing effective task priorities, working independently, and participating as an integral part of a team in fast-paced and multitasking environment. Work Experience Jr. Database Administrator NEW DIRECTIONS BEHAVIORAL HEALTH March 2017 to Present RESPONSIBILITIES:  • Worked on this project as Oracle Core DBA.  • Configured and installed Oracle databases on UNIX environment.  • Actively participated in team meetings with Business team for changes in design of the database.  • Involved in the logical and physical design of the database tables.  • Monitored the month end activities and accordingly managed the database capacity and space.  • Wrote shell scripts for hot backup for all servers and PL/SQL for code extractions from DBA source and DBA views.  • Created audit table to record the UPDATEs and INSERTs on the tables by creating database triggers (value based auditing).  • Database maintenance, upgrades, and patches release.  • Worked on database setup and monitored the database growth on daily basis.  • Modified and established backup and recovery strategies and procedures.  • Worked on database performance monitoring using OEM.  • Created users and roles, and maintained system security.  • Created tables, views and other schema objects with appropriate table space sizes.  • Performed Backup and Recovery using RMAN and user managed techniques.  • Creation of database objects, writing PL/ SQL blocks like stored procedures, packages, triggers for occasional system requirements.  • Assist Sr. Oracle DBA in day-to-day Administration.  • Involve in Data Maintenance, using Explain plan, SQL Hints, Table and Index Partitioning to improve the Performance.  • Recovery of Database (Recovering from Media Failure, recovering tables dropped accidentally, recovering data files, Recovering from Block Corruption). Jr. Database Administrator SOFT PLANET TECHNOLOGIES June 2014 to July 2015 RESPONSIBILITIES:  • Planning and scheduling Backups, Database Recovery, taking Logical Backups (with Export /Import), Database backup (Hot & cold).  • Worked on Instance Tuning, Memory Tuning and SQL Tuning.  • Write and modify UNIX shell scripts to manage Oracle environment.  • Successfully implemented Backup and Recovery using RMAN  • Created new Table Spaces, added Data Files and resolved Disk Contention Issues.  • Monitored, Allocated Share memory, Table space as needed and managed Replicated servers.  • Monitoring Alert log file and Trace file.  • Responsible for granting required privileges and roles to users.  • Creation and maintenance of database objects.  • Managing table spaces, User Profiles, Indexes and Storage parameters.  • Scripting languages mainly HTML, XML and JSP.  • Working as a Database developer, writing SQL Queries.  • Involved in developing and implementing PL/SQL functions, Stored Procedures and Triggers. Education Master of Science in Computer and Information Sciences in Computer and Information Sciences Kent State University December 2016 Skills ORACLE (2 years), PL/SQL (2 years), SQL (2 years), UNIX (2 years), RMAN (2 years) Additional Information SKILLS    Programing SQL Server, PL/SQL, UNIX Shell Scripting, Perl, C, C++, CSS, HTML, XML, Java script, MATLAB, Embedded C.  Databases/DBMS Oracle 10g/11g/12c, Oracle Apps R12c, MS SQL Server 2008/2012/2014  Platforms Linux (Red Hat & Oracle), Windows 7/8/10/xp/98  Tools & Utilities  Export/Import, expdp/impdp (data pump), RMAN, Oracle Enterprise manager, Real Applications Cluster (RAC), ASM, Clusters, TKPROF, DBCA, Tableau.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1230.html#259:::Sr. Oracle Database Administrator;Sr. Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle DBA;Oracle DBA;Oracle DBA/Developer:::Sr. Oracle Database Administrator Sr. Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Sr. Oracle Database Administrator East Windsor, CT ? Over 7 years of experience in Oracle Databases as Administrator in Enterprise level Database Administration, Management and Operations.  ? Extensive experience in Installing, Designing and Managing Oracle 12c, ExaData, 11g RAC/10g RAC/9i/8i Databases on Windows, UNIX (HP-UX, IBM AIX, Sun Solaris),  ? Installed/configured Oracle 11g/10g Real Application Clusters (RAC)  ? Upgraded databases from Oracle 8i, 9i to 10g and Oracle 10g to 11g,  ? Experience in a 24*7 Production Database support role.  ? Extensive experience in Backup & Recovery (Hot, Cold, Logical and RMAN Incremental Backups)  ? Expert in Performance Monitoring and Tuning of Oracle Databases on Unix/Linux platform using database tuning, SQL TRACE, TKPROF, Explain Plan, STATSPACK, AWR and ADDM.  ? Experience in Table, Index Partitions for increased performance and for better storage management. Partitioning strategies for very large tables. Partitioned large objects to improve the query performance and manageability.  ? Identifying bottlenecks and wait based analysis using Oracle Wait Interface.  ? Excellent experience in database cross-platform migration  ? Expert in Installation, Configuration and Maintenance of Oracle Standby (Active Data Guard)  ? Monitoring databases and setting alerts using Oracle Enterprise Manager/Grid Control  ? Experience in database cloning/refresh, tuning, patch  ? Good experience in Database Design (Conceptual Design, Logical Database Design, Physical Database Design), setting up the complete Database with Security Implementation, troubleshooting Oracle issues.  ? Experience in Writing Shell scripts.  ? Experience in Capacity Planning & Benchmarking  ? Excellent SQL and PL/SQL programming and debugging skills - Cursors, Functions, Stored Procedures, Packages and Triggers etc.  ? Experience with Data Modeling, Logical and Physical database design.  ? Excellent experience in managing Very Large Databases (VLDB)  ? Experience in replication using Materialized Views, Oracle Streams and Golden Gate.  ? Expertise in maintaining Database Security using auditing.  ? Expertise in loading data from flat files using external tables, SQL*Loader.  ? Proven ability to adapt to demanding schedules and changing priorities.  ? Excellent analytical, interpersonal and communication skills.  ? Able to work independently and collaboratively in Team environment. Work Experience Sr. Oracle Database Administrator McGraw Hill - East Windsor, NJ February 2014 to March 2015 Responsibilities:  ? 24 X 7 Production database administration, support and monitoring to ensure a proactive problem recognition and resolution of database issues  ? Installation, Configuration and Maintenance of Oracle 12c, 11g RAC/10g RAC, Standby database (Service Guard) for High Availability and Disaster Recovery  ? Database upgrades from Oracle 11g to 12c, 10g to 11g.  ? Database migrations from windows to linux  ? Worked with EMC on migrating SAN/NAS storage.  ? Set up, configured and maintained oracle data guard (primary and standby databases) to ensure disaster recovery, high availability and data protection.  ? Worked on migrating VLDB, over 20TB of size.  ? Manage users, privileges, profiles, schemas using Grid Control of Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM)  ? Participated in analysis and designing of Oracle Exadata Server for infrastructure related projects.  ? Conducted analysis and feasibility studies for development of Oracle Exadata solutions.  ? Setup Grid Control for Monitoring Exadata X2  ? Installed Oracle 11g on Exadata X2 -- provided performance tuning and optimization  ? Cloning databases using scripts as well as RMAN.  ? Set up backup and recovery procedure using RMAN and setup Autosys jobs.  ? Installed and Implemented Backup & Recovery procedures.  ? Implemented Hot, Cold and Logical backup plans.  ? Created duplicate databases using RMAN duplicate.  ? Worked on TSPITR using RMAN.  ? Installed and configured bi-directional Golden Gate for High data availability and Operational reporting.  ? Created and Configured Data Servers, Physical Schemas, Logical Schemas, Models, Interfaces and Packages.  ? Troubleshooting the issues on Oracle Data Integrator establishment and replication setup.  ? Applied CPU/PSU patches for oracle database version 11.2.0.3.  ? Utilized SQL*loader and data pump import to load data into tables.  ? Refresh schema-using Export/Import. Creating the database, tablespaces, tables, indexes, settings privileges and user logins.  ? Performance Tuning i.e. Tuning RAC, tuning applications, shared pool, I/O distribution, rollback segments, buffer cache, redo mechanisms  ? Performance Tuning use of SQL diagnostic (ADDM, SQL Adviser) and Oracle utilities like AWR.  ? Table Partitioning, creating Index Organized tables, Creating Locally managed Tablespaces.  ? Worked with Oracle support on different types of ORA-600 errors.  ? 24x7 production database support during and after migration, till handoff to the BAU team.  ? A self-motivated, responsible and reliable team player with a set of strong technical skills.  ? Excellent analytical, interpersonal and communication skills.  ? Enthusiasm in learning new technologies.    Environnent: Oracle 12c, ExaData, 11g RAC/10g RAC, Sun Solaris, Red Hat Linux, Windows, OEM (Grid Control), RMAN, ASM, Golden Gate, SQL*Loader, Oracle Data guard, Streams, TOAD Sr. Oracle Database Administrator Johnson Controls - Holland, MI May 2012 to January 2014 Responsibilities:  ? 24 X 7 Production database administration, support and monitoring to ensure a proactive problem recognition and resolution of database issues  ? Installation, Configuration and Maintenance of Oracle 10g RAC/11g RAC, Standby database (Service Guard) for High Availability and Disaster Recovery  ? Upgraded databases from Oracle 8i, 9i to 10g and Oracle 10g to 11g  ? Migrated Databases from Linux to HP-UX, Windows to LINUX  ? Allocating system storage and planning future storage requirements for the database  ? Oracle Grid control installation and configuration for database monitoring  ? Oracle RMAN configuration for backups to disk and tape. Implemented Backup & Recovery strategies and performed Disaster & Recovery drills  ? Backup & Recovery (Hot, Cold, Logical and RMAN Incremental Backups)  ? Planning and implementing Backup and Recovery procedures, scheduling daily backups and performed periodic recovery tests  ? Performance Monitoring and Tuning of Oracle Databases on Unix/Linux platform using database tuning, SQL TRACE, TKPROF, Explain Plan, STATSPACK, AWR and ADDM  ? Partioned large tables for better performance and manageability  ? Installed, Configures and Monitored OEM 12c  ? Database Design (Conceptual Design, Logical Database Design, Physical Database Design)  ? Capacity Planning & Benchmarking  ? Data Loading using SQL*Loader, External Tables. Writing PL/SQL procedures for Extraction Transformation and Loading (ETL) data  ? User roles and profile management for enforcing password complexity and securing databases  ? Database security and auditing  ? Applied CPU patches  ? Creating Database objects like (Tables, Indexes, Views, Synonyms, Database Links, Materialized Views, PL/SQL Functions, Procedures, Packages, Triggers etc)  ? Refreshing of database from production to development & test environments  ? Optimizing the SQL's for maximum performance EXPLAIN PLAN  ? Daily databases Health check monitoring and troubleshooting if required  ? Creating SR (Oracle Support request), follow up with Oracle support, running diagnostic scripts and upload output files to oracle support    Environment: Oracle 11g RAC/10g RAC/9i, Sun Solaris, HP-UX, Red Hat Linux, Windows, OEM 12c, RMAN, ASM, SQL*Loader, Oracle Data guard, Streams, Golden Gate, TOAD Oracle DBA Best Buy - Minneapolis, MN August 2011 to May 2012 Responsibilities:  ? 24x7 Production database and applications support  ? Managing multiple production, development, test databases  ? Administering Oracle 9i, 10g, 11g databases  ? Setup Oracle10g RAC, 11g RAC  ? Setup Standby databases for disaster recovery and reporting  ? Upgrade database from 9i to 10g, 9i & 10g databases to 11g  ? Cloned/Refreshed databases from production database to test and development  ? Creating database objects like Tables, Indexes, views, Materialized Views and synonyms  ? Adding tablespaces, data files to the databases  ? Performing Hot Backup, Cold Backup, RMAN Incremental Backups, Maintaining High database availability for supporting non-stop Business Operations  ? Implement and Maintain Database Security. Creating / Altering / Dropping Users as and when required and administer their respective quotas  ? Monitoring the status of databases, logs, archived redo logs etc  ? Object maintenance e.g. Storage Parameters and rebuilding indexes  ? UNIX Shell scripting for the automation of backups, cloning/refresh, monitoring file system utilizations, status of various oracle and UNIX processes etc  ? Performance Monitoring and Tuning of Oracle Databases on Unix/Linux platform using database tuning, SQL TRACE, TKPROF, Explain Plan, STATSPACK, AWR and ADDM  ? Partioned large tables for better performance and manageability  ? Writing PL/SQL procedures for Extraction Transformation and Loading of data  ? Setup monitoring OEM/Grid Control  ? Worked on the tickets assigned to perform certain tasks such as taking export and Import, adding and dropping database users, granting and revoking the roles and privileges, database structure modifications etc  ? Applied CPU patches  ? Creating Database objects like (Tables, Indexes, Views, Synonyms, Database Links, Materialized Views, PL/SQL Functions, Procedures, Packages, Triggers etc)    Environment: Oracle 11g RAC/10g RAC/9i/8i, HP-UX, IBM AIX, RedHat Linux, Windows, OEM (Grid Control), RMAN, ASM, SQL*Loader, Oracle Data guard, Streams, TOAD Oracle DBA Hawaii Medical Service Association - Honolulu, HI November 2009 to July 2011 Responsibilities:  ? 24x7 Production database and applications support  ? Managing multiple production, development, test databases  ? Administering Oracle 9i, 10g, 11g databases  ? Allocating system storage and planning future storage requirements for the database  ? Oracle Data Guard (physical/logical) configuration for data replication and disaster recovery  ? Oracle RMAN configuration for backups to disk and tape. Implemented Backup & Recovery strategies and Understanding of Disaster & Recovery Scenarios. Performed complete and incomplete recovery using RMAN  ? Worked on database migrations, upgradations and applying CPU/PSU and interim patches  ? Performance improvements by SGA tuning and SQL query tuning  ? User roles and profile management for enforcing password complexity and securing databases  ? Database auditing configuration for create session and failed login attempts  ? Creating Database objects like (Tables, views, indexes, synonyms, procedures, triggers etc)  ? Refreshing of database from production to development & test environments  ? Optimizing the SQL's for maximum performance by using SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN, STATSPACK, AWR, ADDM  ? Daily databases Health check monitoring and troubleshooting if required  ? Raising SR (Oracle Support request) and follow up with Oracle support and running diagnostic scripts and upload output files to SR support  ? Creating Database Links  ? Installed and configured OEM Agents on multiple servers and implemented standard monitoring and alerting procedures  ? Worked with the development team for deploying application code patches and builds during implementation work    Environment: Oracle 11g/10g RAC/9i/8i, Sun Solaris, Red Hat Linux, Windows, OEM (Grid Control), RMAN, ASM, SQL*Loader, Oracle Data guard Oracle DBA/Developer ICICI Bank - Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh July 2007 to November 2009 Responsibilities:  ? Installation, configuration, and maintenance of Oracle Databases  ? Having extensive experience with Unix Shell Scripting for application development. Done application functionality automation using Shell Scripts  ? Responsible for all production user management issues and Network configuration issues  ? Converting flat files, non-Oracle files which come from Mainframes systems into Oracle database by using SQL*Loader  ? Managing table spaces, data files, redo logs, tables and its segments  ? Writing SQL, PL/SQL Coding database triggers, packages, stored procedures & functions  ? Managing Users, Privileges and Roles and taking hot backup of the databases  ? Monitoring and Reorganizing Table spaces/Tables/Indexes  ? Taking care of performance related issues by tuning memory as well as application tuning  ? Create and Maintain Roles and assign necessary privileges to users according to business rules in development environments  ? Optimization & Analyzing SQL queries for better Performance  ? Load data using SQL*Loader  ? Coordination with developers in designing complex queries  ? Help users in creating database objects, and enrolling users    Environment: Oracle 10g/9i/8i/7.3, Sun Solaris, Red Hat Linux, Windows, OEM (Grid Control), RMAN Education B.Tech in Information Technology Vellore Institute Of Technology - Vellore, Tamil Nadu Additional Information Technical Skills:    Database: Oracle 12c, ExaData, 11g RAC, Oracle 10g RAC, Oracle 9i, Oracle 8i, Oracle 7.3, MySQL, SQL Server 2008  Operating System Sun Solaris 8, 9, 10, HP-UX 10.x, 11.x, AIX 5.1, 5.2, 5.3, 6.1 RedHat Linux 4.x, 5.x, 6.x, Windows 95/98/ME/NT/2003/XP  Languages/Tools  Unix Shell Script, SQL*Plus, PL/SQL, C, C++, OEM/Grid Control/Cloud, Golden Gate, dbconsole, RMAN, AWR, ASM, ADDM, STATSPACK, SQLTRACE, EXPLAIN PLAN, TKPROF, Data Guard, SQL*Loader, OUI, dbca, Logical/ Cold/ Hot backup, Data Pump, SQL*Net, Toad
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1231.html#260:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;AIX (2 years);auditing (Less than 1 year);cloning (Less than 1 year);Database (5 years);DATABASE ADMINISTRATION (Less than 1 year);databases (5 years);Disaster Recovery (5 years);Encryption (Less than 1 year);Linux (2 years);OEM (2 years);OLAP (Less than 1 year);OLTP. (2 years);ONLINE ANALYTICAL PROCESSING (Less than 1 year);Oracle (5 years);RMAN. (5 years);SCRIPTING. (Less than 1 year);security (2 years);SQL (5 years);UNIX (5 years);UNIX shell (5 years);Oracle Dba;Sql Server;Sql Dba;DBA;RAC;Sql Database;DB2;Rman;Postgresql:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator Houston, TX Highly technical database administrator with about 5 years of demonstrated experience with RMAN in oracle 10g, 11g and 12c databases in different OS platforms. Skilled in TDE, designing, implementing and supporting high availability and disaster recovery solutions for critical environments to help improve workflows and general business efficiency, analyzing database performance and tuned databases accordingly. Implemented and administered 2 Node RAC, maintain database security using auditing as well as golden gate for real time replication and logical standby databases while proactively patching and upgrading databases. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Sun Products Corporation - Salt Lake City, UT August 2016 to Present • Created and monitored Physical and Active Standby databases, operating on maximum protection or performance modes for Disaster Recovery and High Availability on 11g and 12c oracle databases.  • Done Capacity Planning wherein I allocated system storage and plan future storage requirements.  • . Responsible for implementation and administration of disaster recovery strategies for 24/7 operations and deployment of high availability systems on oracle 11g, using oracle RAC, Data guard, ASM and RMAN.  • Upgraded Grid Infrastructure and databases from 11g to 12c manually and equally using DBUA. Involved in applying upgrade patch, maintenance and interim (Opatch) patches on all the databases for security and bug fixes.  • Developed PL/SQL packages, DDL, DML, Oracle tables, functions, stored procedures, cursors, triggers and UNIX shell scripts for reporting.  • Installed, configured, Setup, Maintained and Supported Oracle 11g, 12c standalones and 2 nodes RAC, Physical and Logical Standby databases for Test, Development and Production, and Staging on Linux, AIX and Windows environments.  • Resetting of storage parameters by series of exports and imports of tables, used conventional as well as direct path loads to upload the data into the server using SQL Loader.  • Experience in Database Tuning, System Monitoring, Memory and SQL Tuning using OEM 12c, Top command, IOSTATS, VMSTATS, SQL Trace, Explain plan, TKPROF, AWR, ADDM, ASH, Cluster Interconnect Tuning (RAC ). I also assisted in providing consultation such as creating Materialized Views, adding indexes, dropping unused/unnecessary indexes, using Hints where need be.  • Scheduled and monitored on Crontab repetitive activities such as gathering schema statistics, table space usage report, Refreshing Dev and Test instances with data from production using Data pump and to monitor blocking sessions.  • Knowledge in Oracle Data warehouse DBA skills relating to administration and Management of VLDB environments, oracle OLTP. Oracle Database Administrator American Home Patient - Nashville, TN January 2014 to August 2016 • Worked with a team for installation and maintenance of Oracle 10g and 11g RAC, ASM databases for high availability.  • Automated and monitored the health of my databases, backup and recovery activities by scheduling cron jobs and also customized various Unix Shell Scripts in sending Email for ORA - errors, reports for Quick Morning Check (QMC ), automate routine DBA tasks of taking backups, exports, space usage monitoring, move Archive Logs to different mount point when archive Destination is full and resync catalog.  • Performed database, schema and table level Refresh from Production to test/development environment using RMAN and Data pump utilities. Also, I have Implemented Oracle's Transportable Tablespace (TTS) feature on Oracle 11g and 12c to ease the movement of Tablespaces across Oracle database servers.  • Monitored and Tuned long running jobs by working closely with the application development team and analyzing objects, created and rebuilt indexes, query tuning using AWR, ADDM and ASH reports, SQL Trace, TKPROF, Explain Plan, TOAD.  • Involved in a Client-Server environment using tnsnames, LISTENER, Net Configuration Assistant and other configuration files.  • Performed activities on ASM, creating disk group with different Redundancy Levels/using Fail group, adding a disk to a disk group, making disks online/offline and mount /dismount disk groups as SYSASM.  • Used to run scripts to check the status of databases such as growing table sizes, extent allocation, free space, used space, fragmentation etc.  • Used Oracle Flashback Technology for logical recovery purpose with sometimes creating a Guaranteed restore point after a recovery or during switchover operations.  • Performed space management, capacity planning, disaster recovery and overall maintenance of the databases.  • Created, monitored and troubleshoot Physical Standby databases using RMAN and scripts with zero downtime. Performed Failover and Switchover Operations using Data Guard Broker.  • Performed Physical backup ( hot and cold ) as well as Logical backup ( Export/Import). Education Bachelor's Skills AIX (2 years), auditing (Less than 1 year), cloning (Less than 1 year), Database (5 years), DATABASE ADMINISTRATION (Less than 1 year), databases (5 years), Disaster Recovery (5 years), Encryption (Less than 1 year), Linux (2 years), OEM (2 years), OLAP (Less than 1 year), OLTP. (2 years), ONLINE ANALYTICAL PROCESSING (Less than 1 year), Oracle (5 years), RMAN. (5 years), SCRIPTING. (Less than 1 year), security (2 years), SQL (5 years), UNIX (5 years), UNIX shell (5 years), Oracle Dba, Sql Server, Sql Dba, DBA, RAC, Sql Database, DB2, Rman, Postgresql Certifications/Licenses Oracle Certified Associate January 2019 to Present
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1232.html#261:::Database Administrator;SQL Server Database Administrator;Strong knowledge and working experiences as Database Administrator;Sql Dba;Sql Server;DBA:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator Alexandria, VA * Extensive experience in SQL Server Database Management System in the areas of Database Administration, Reporting, Data Modeling, Database Design and Development, Advanced Installation, Configuration, Backup and Recovery, Upgrade, Service Pack (SP), SQL/T-SQL, Stored Procedure, Trigger, DMV, DBCC, Clustering , Always On, Log Shipping, Mirroring and Replication.  * Proven experience in Database Performance Tuning using SQL Server Profiler, Extended event, Database Engine Tuning Advisor, Execution plan, Performance Monitor.  * Configured and managed High Availability and Disaster Recovery solutions like Log shipping, Mirroring, Replication, SQL Server and AlwaysOn.  * Experience in creating, supporting and maintaining database administration scripts.  * Expertise in working on multiple data modeling projects including gathering, analysis, conceptual, Logical and Physical data modeling using tools ERWin, Toad Data Modeler, SSDD.  * Experienced with SQL/T-SQL scripts including scripts/SQL/TSQL for managing Database and database objects.  * Experience in implementing RAID technologies use with the SQL server database technology  * ETL: SSIS & DTS Packages: Created, configured, deployed, and managed including Migrate and Upgrade.  * Reports: SSRS - Highly proficient in Installed, Configured, and administered SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), created, deployed, managed reports including migrating reports.  * Experienced in Data Movement, data dumping using different tools like Export & Import utility, Data Tools, BIDS, SSIS, and DTS including Excel File, Flat file, CSV file, SQL Server Database. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Administrator Bureau of Labor Statistics - Washington, DC June 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  * Cloud/Azure: Migrated on premises databases and Legacy databases to Azure, and setup production, development and test environment on Azure.  * Moving Data in and out of Windows Azure SQL Databases and Blob Storage.  * Support disk/encryption and key management with Azure key vault  * Managed Database Servers in Development, Test, and Production environment.  * Installed, Configured, and Managed SQL Server 2008 R2, 2012, 2014, 2016 in Development, Test, and Production environment.  Database High Availability:  * Installed, Configure and Maintained HA/DR Solutions using Clustering, AlwaysOn, Mirroring, Replication, and Log Shipping.  * Installed, configured monitored and troubleshoots Log Shipping as Standby database from Production database for Reporting purposes.  Report Development:  * Installed, Configured, and administered SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) & Power BI configuration, integration, visualization, data analysis, cloud-based report generation and implementation.  * Developed and deployed different type of repot using different data source like SQL Server, CSV, and Excel.  * Delivered reports to users in variety of format like Report Server (Web Based), Excel, CSV, PDF formats.  Database Upgraded and Migrate (development, testing and production environment):  * Upgraded/Migrated SQL Server 2005 to SQL Server 2012/2008 R2 & 2012 to 2014/2016  * Migrated MS Access Database 2000, 2003 into SQL Server 2008 R2, 2012.  * Migrated Oracle 10gR2/11gR2 and My SQL 5.1.23 Database to SQL Server 2008 R2/2012.  Data Modeling:  * Good understanding on data modeling projects and generated E-R Diagram.  * Data modeling tools used: Toad Data Modeler, SQL Server Data Diagram.  * Backward & Forward Engineering with data modeling tools mentioned above.  Patch Management:  * Applied SP/ Hot Fixes (Service Pack) on SQL Server.  * Applied SP/Hot Fixes on SQL server Instances to address Security and upgraded related issues.  TDE and Security:  * Enable SSL or IPSEC for connections enable password policy checking. Implement Transparent Data Encryption to protect confidential data.  * Implement Transparent Data Encryption (TDE) encrypts SQL Server.  * Move a TDE Protected Database to another SQL Server  * Managed Security using SQL Logins, Roles and Security Modes for various users.    Database Monitoring/Performance Tuning/Troubleshooting:  * Strong on database Monitoring and Performance tuning.  * Scheduled jobs to automate different database related activities including backup, monitoring database health, disk space, and backup verification.  * Monitor SQL Server Error Log, Space usage.  * Identifying the memory, I/O and bottlenecks, blocking and deadlocks triggered by complex queries where using SQL Server Activity monitor and profiler and implement better Query Execution plans.  * Strong on SQL Server Profiler, Extended Events, Database Engine Tuning Advisor, Performance Monitor, Activity Monitor, Execution plan.  Database Programming:  * Writing T-SQL, Functions, Trigger, Partition, View, and Stored-Procedures, joins, union and writing scripts for job set-up.  * Assisted Database Developers to optimize SQL queries and Stored Procedures.  DTS / SSDT/ SSIS/SSRS:  * Export & Import data from Excel File, Flat file, CSV file to/from SQL Server Database using BIDS, SSDT.  * Export & Import data from/to databases as My-SQL, and Access to/from SQL Server.  * Creating SSIS Packages and deployed from different sources like SQL Server Database, Flat file, CSV, Excel and many other data sources supports OLEDB Data sources.  * Setup jobs from SSIS Packages.  * Data analysis and migration by transferring and using SSIS packages.  * Skilled in creating simple, parameterized and complex reports involving Sub Reports, Matrix/Tabular Reports.  * Experience in writing expressions in SSRS and Expert in fine tuning the reports and drill down reports using SSRS.  * Developed a Tabular Reports, ad-hoc reports using SSRS Report.  * Experience with logical and physical data modeling and database design using Erwin.  * Package Configuration, SSRS, SSAS and Data-warehousing.  * Experience in Designing and Building dimensions and cubes using SQL Server Analysis Services  * Created report snapshots to improve the performance of SSRS.  * Improved the accuracy of the source data by implementing data validation on the source Data for reporting  * Implemented logical and physical modeling using ERWIN data modeler  Backup/Recovery:  * Strong knowledge and working experience in Database Backup and Disaster Recovery.  * Experienced with Point-in-Time Recovery.  * Restored Database from backups.    Environment: Microsoft Cloud/Azure, SQL Server 2008 R2, 2012, 2014, 2016 IIS 7.5, 8.5, Windows Server 2008 R2, 2012 R2, ETL and AD (Active Directory). SQL Server Database Administrator African Development Foundation - Washington, DC February 2014 to May 2017 Responsibilities:  * Installed, Configured, and Managed SQL Server 2008 R2, and 2012 in development, test, and production environment.  * Installed, configured database associated tools and performance monitoring Software.  * Setup, Configured, monitors and Maintained Database Replications.  * Installed, configured, maintain and monitored troubleshoots SQL Server Database Mirroring.  * Configured and Maintained Log Shipping as Standby database for Reporting Purposes.  * Securing SQL Servers and Databases, manage users, Data encryption, granting/ revoking access.  * Planning, controlling and monitoring the Security and Audit issues as per SLA and Standards.  * Data Encryption and Data Decryption for data security in Database & Column level.  * Managed Backup/Restore, Point-in-Time Recovery including backup verification, security by native tools.  * Applied SP (Service Pack) on SQL Server 2008R2 and 2012  * Expertise in database Performance tuning SQL profiler, Execution Plan, Database tuning Advisor, Activity Monitor, Performance Monitor.  * Monitored data activities such as logs, space utilization, locks, long transaction.  * T-SQL, Stored-Procedures, Triggers, Function, Views, Indexes.  * Developed and maintained scripts, utility jobs or implement needed software for database maintained.  * Created and managed Indexes, Constraints, and Keys (Primary Key, Foreign Key).  * Worked on different Data Modeling projects including creating scripts, E-R Diagram, backward/forward engineering  * Worked multiple Data Modeling projects for different applications  * Processed data dump and Exported & Imported data from Flat file, CSV file, My-SQL, and Access to/from SQL Server Database using DTS, SSIS, and EXP/IMP tools  * Export & Import data from Flat file (CSV, Excel) to SQL Server Database using EXP/Imp and DTS tool.  * Setup automated jobs for different purposes including backup, monitoring database health, disk space, backup verification and moving databases from environment to environment including creating test environment.  * Developed different maintenance plans such as backups, index management, fragmentation management, cleaning history, deleting old files.  * Monitored Server Activity, Error Log, space usage, and solving problem as needed.  * Executed change management scripts on weekly basis.    Environment: SQL Server 2008 R2, 2012 IIS Server 6.5, 7.5, Windows Server 2008 R2, 2012 R2, ASP.net, Java, ETL and AD (Active Directory). Strong knowledge and working experiences as Database Administrator 2008 to 2012 2014, 2016).  * Strong work experience and knowledge in SQL Server Replication, Log shipping, Mirroring, Clustering, Performance tuning, Backup/recovery, Query Optimization, Database and Column Level Encryption, and Security Management.  * Maintain Management Plan, Job Set up and monitor job activities.  Programming and Testing:  * SQL, T-SQL, Functions, Store Procedures, Trigger.  * Data Modeling: Backward Engineering, Forward Engineering.  * Worked with multiple projects in Database - Can Create Conceptual, Logical, and Physical Data Model.  * Tools used - ERWin, Toad Data Modeler, and SQL Server Database Diagrams.  * Good Understanding about Data Warehousing, Schema, OLAP  Reporting Service:  * SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), visual Studio - Installation, Configuration, and Management.  * Developed, Deployed, Reports, Power BI, Integration Service:  * SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), DTS, BCP - Installation, Configuration, and Management.  * Developed and Deployed SSIS packages.  Operating Systems:  * Worked on Operating Systems like Windows Server 2008 R2 and Windows Server 2012 including installation, and configurations.  * Virtualization: Installed, Configured, and Managed SQL Server in virtual environment using VMware Education Associate in Business Administration Olabisi Onabanjo University - Ikeja, Lagos Skills Sql Dba, Sql Server, DBA
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1233.html#262:::Database administrator;Configuring SQL Server Agent-Events, Jobs, Alerts;authentication (4 years);Database (6 years);Database administration (Less than 1 year);databases (4 years);Mapping (Less than 1 year);MS SQL Server (4 years);MS SQL Server 2008 (Less than 1 year);MS Sql Server 2008 R2 (Less than 1 year);R2 (4 years);SAP (4 years);Security (4 years);SQL (4 years);SQL Server (4 years);sql server 2008 (4 years);Sql Server 2008 R2 (Less than 1 year);Tcp (Less than 1 year);Tcp/Ip (Less than 1 year);TOPO (Less than 1 year);Sql Dba;MYSQL:::Database administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">administrator</span> Database administrator - Adilas Tech LLC Woodbridge, VA • Two plus (3+) years Superb Knowledge of MS SQL Server 2008, 2012, 2014 and 2016  • Two plus (3+) years Experience in database upgrade and migration.  • Two plus (3+) years Experience in troubleshooting and resolving database installation issues, integrity issues, performance issues.  • Two plus (3+)years Experience with High Availability solutions-Log Shipping, Replication and Database mirroring  • Two plus (3+) years in backups, restores and recovery processes.  • Two plus (3+) Expertise in implementing High Availability and disaster recovery mechanisms like replication models, log shipping, database mirroring, Always On and clustering.  • Two plus (3+) years Expert experience with Data Security, SQL Server Database  • One plus (2+)years with index management and how indexes are stored and how they can be created and managed effectively.  • One (2) year creating and managing sql databases in Azure  • Two(2) year Knowledge of deploying SSIS package  . Two years in customer service Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database administrator Adilas Tech LLC February 2017 to Present Responsibilities: Configuring SQL Server Agent-Events, Jobs, Alerts 2005 to 2008 • Administrating of large databases in SQL Server 2000, 2005, 2008, 2008 R2, 2012, 2014 and 2016  • Administrating 19+ servers and working on databases ranging from 1 to 2 TB.  • Automate Routine DBA jobs like Backups. Restores, checking the integrity of the databases, configuring DB Mail and assigning required roles and permissions to the users.  • Configuring SQL Server in AZURE-creating and managing sql databases and virtual machines.  • Creating and managing databases, schema objects such as tables, views, indexes.  • Configuring SQL Server Agent-Events, Jobs, Alerts, maintenance plans, Database Mail and Operators.  • Managing High Availability solutions ( Mirroring, Log shipping)  • Implementing SQL Server Security and object permission like creation of users, configuring permissions database authentication modes and assigning roles of users.  • Setting up backup and recovery plans, also had a proper documentation platform making sure data is secured at all levels.  • Creating and managing databases across Development and Production instances using SQL Server Management Studio.  • Setting up and configuring Database Mirroring in SQL Server 2012.  • Monitoring and managing databases in mirroring configuration environment  • Migrateing sql server 2008/2012 to 2014/2016  • Rebuilding and reorganizeing index Education B.Sc. degree in computer science in computer science Debre Markos University 2014 to 2016 Skills authentication (4 years), Database (6 years), Database administration (Less than 1 year), databases (4 years), Mapping (Less than 1 year), MS SQL Server (4 years), MS SQL Server 2008 (Less than 1 year), MS Sql Server 2008 R2 (Less than 1 year), R2 (4 years), SAP (4 years), Security (4 years), SQL (4 years), SQL Server (4 years), sql server 2008 (4 years), Sql Server 2008 R2 (Less than 1 year), Tcp (Less than 1 year), Tcp/Ip (Less than 1 year), TOPO (Less than 1 year), Sql Dba, MYSQL
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1234.html#263:::SQL Server Database Administrator;SQL Server Database Administrator;SQL Developer/SQL DBA;Data transformation;Database;Ddl;Ms sql server;Ms sql server 2012;SSRS;Ssis;Sql Server;T-SQL:::SQL Server Database Administrator SQL Server <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> SQL Server Database Administrator - California State-Parks and Recreation-dept Irving, TX • Over 5+ years of experience in Administration and Development on Database Design using SQL server 2012, 2014, 2016 servers.  • Strong understanding of RDBMS concepts as well as Data Modeling Concepts.  • Excellent SQL Server administration skills including Database Creation, Tables, Indexes and Clusters Creation.  • Knowledge in writing T-SQL (DDL, DML, and DCL) statements.  • Experienced in DBA activities include Installing & maintaining SQL Server database system, Logical/Physical database design and administration, Backup & Recovery, Log Shipping, Database Mirroring and Performance Tuning.  • Experience in BI Development and Deployment of SSIS packages from MS Access, Excel.  • Experience in implementing Full, Transaction Log and Differential backups.  • Extensively used native tools like index tuning wizard, database tuning advisor, profiler, performance monitor, activity monitor, event viewer for performance analysis.  • Experience in Client/Server Connectivity, Database health Check, Indexing and Updating Statistics.  • Configured SMTP SERVER for Database Mail setup and received Alerts for the Threshold values  • Extensive use of DTS in SQL Server, Performance Tuning & Application Design, Disaster Recovery Planning, Security Management, Managing server and clients.  • Worked on SQL Server Database in the development, testing and production environments.  • Supported teams in resolving SQL Server Reporting services and T-SQL related issues.  • Experienced in Performance Tuning, Query Optimization, Client/Server Connectivity, and Database Consistency Checks using DBCC Utilities.  • Experience in SQL Server concepts SSIS (Integration Services), SSAS (Analysis Services) and SSRS (Reporting Services).  • Experience in usage of DBCC commands and DMV's for Performance Tuning.  • Good knowledge of database performance tuning using Profiler, Query Execution Plan and Database Engine Tuning Advisor.  • Experienced in developing and managing stored procedures, Triggers, Indexes, views, Data Transformation services and Locking.  • Implementing CR (Change Request) and CA (Change Amendments) requested by users  • Performed BCP, BULK INSERT, Imported and Exported data from different Data Sources  • Expertise Security, Auditing and Compliance for the production and non-production databases.  • Proficient with SQL server Management Studio, Scheduling jobs with SQL server Agent and SQL Profiler.  • Strong experience in performing database consistency checks and planning and Recovery procedures.  • Experience in Creating and scheduling the jobs and troubleshooting the failed jobs.  • Experience in Bug/Issue tracking tool like Bugzilla, JIRA, BMC Remedy.  • Strong problem solving and analytical skills.  • Good communication and interpersonal skills, accustomed to work in a team environment with tight schedules, capable of working efficiently under pressure.  • Quick learner and good performer; work well independently and on a team.  • Experience is providing 24X7 support and on call rotation schedule.  • Willing to relocate: Anywhere Work Experience SQL Server Database Administrator California State-Parks and Recreation-dept - Dallas, TX October 2017 to Present Responsibilities:    • Installed stand-alone SQL Server 2016 on 64 bit systems.  • Implemented and maintained Always on Availability Group as Disaster Recovery solution on SQL Server 2016  • Migrated 2005 SQL Databases in to 2014 SQL databases using Side-by-side Migration process.  • Implemented and maintained Log shipping as Disaster Recovery solution.  • Creation and management of Database maintenance plans for various database consistency checks.  • Created ASMX SOAP Web Service protocol to access stored procedures and provide information to C# developer for data access  • Installed, configured and administered Windows Server 2012 R2, Active Directory, and VMware.  • Rebuilding the indexes at regular intervals for better performance.  • Checking Database health by using DBCC commands and DMV's.  • Prepared the documentation for migrations and disaster recovery plans.  • Worked on configuring Linked Servers to execute commands against OLE DB data sources on different servers.  • Configuration and Maintenance of SSRS. Generated reports using SSRS  • Extensively worked on Developing SSAS Cubes, Aggregation, KPIs, Measures, Partitioning Cube, Data Mining Models and Deploying and Processing SSAS objects.  • Extensively worked on Developing SSAS Cubes, Aggregation, KPIs, Measures, Partitioning Cube, Data Mining Models and Deploying and Processing SSAS objects.  • Created jobs for rebuilding of indexes and updating statistics.  • Installed and configured SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).  • Auditing of database for Worked on logins, user permissions and security in SQL server level and fixing orphaned users and worked on logins, user permissions and security in SQL server level.  • Monitoring SQL server LOGS, Application logs (Event Viewer), Tuning SQL server databases using SQL Profiler, Performance monitor, database tuning advisor.  • Created and managed databases across Development and Production instances using SQL Server Management Studio.  • Plan capacity specification requirements for new database servers.    Environment: Microsoft Windows 2008 Server, Microsoft SQL Server 2008 R2, Microsoft SQL Server 2012, 2014 and 2016, Windows 2003 Server. SQL Server Database Administrator Gentiva Health Services - Atlanta, GA January 2017 to September 2017 Responsibilities:  • Expertise and Interest include Administration, Database Design, Performance Analysis, and Production.  • Involved in Migration of the Server SQL Server 2012 to 2014.  • Fixing data issues and writing various SQL scripts and procedures for migration process.  • Worked on High availability environment like Replication, Database Mirroring and Log Shipping.  • Extensively worked on Snapshot and Transactional Replication.  • Responsible for transferring packages using SSIS.  • Created and modified Stored Procedures and Functions to generate reports.  • Day-to-day activities such as backups to the disk and restore the databases and transaction.  • Troubleshoot performance problems and fine-tuning of databases.  • Monitored SQL server performance using SQL Profiler to find performance and deadlocks.  • Developed all the required stored procedures, user defined functions, triggers using T-SQL.  • Involved in Migration of the data to MSSQL Server 2012 & 2014 engines from Microsoft Access using Import & Export Wizards.  • Responsible for creating Constraints and Indexes.  • Created views to restrict access for the security of data in a table.  • Monitored performance of the scheduled jobs and alerts.  • Used SSRS to create drill-down and drill-through reports.  • Migrated data from different sources including flat files, MS Access, to SQL Server 2012 by using SSIS and Involved in SSIS Package, for Import/Export data.  • Supported the release management by promoting new database objects like Tables, Procedures, Functions, Indexes and Views using T-SQL in Development and Production environment for SQL Server 2012/2014.  • Analyzing query performance using SQL Profiler and tuning queries which are running slow by using different methods in terms of evaluating joins, indexes, updating Statistics and code modifications.  • Daily routine DBA tasks like handling user's permissions and space issues on Production and Semi-Production Servers and handling maintenance Jobs.  • Configured and maintained DR environments for various databases using Log Shipping and Mirroring SQL Developer/SQL DBA GP InfoTech Pvt Ltd March 2013 to December 2015 Multi-vendor solution that provides network caching for both Web Acceleration and Flash Streaming. It is a web-based Management System that administers and manages a large scale multi-platform infrastructure with multiple vendor devices. Additionally, it provides a variety of supportive functionalities.    Responsibilities:  • Expertise and Interest include Administration, Database Design, Performance Analysis, and Production.  • Involved in Migration of the Server SQL Server 2012 to 2014.  • Fixing data issues and writing various SQL scripts and procedures for migration process.  • Worked on High availability environment like Replication, Database Mirroring and Log Shipping.  • Extensively worked on Snapshot and Transactional Replication.  • Responsible for transferring packages using SSIS.  • Created and modified Stored Procedures and Functions to generate reports.  • Day-to-day activities such as backups to the disk and restore the databases and transaction.  • Troubleshoot performance problems and fine-tuning of databases.  • Monitored SQL server performance using SQL Profiler to find performance and deadlocks.  • Developed all the required stored procedures, user defined functions, triggers using T-SQL.  • Involved in Migration of the data to MSSQL Server 2012 & 2014 engines from Microsoft Access using Import & Export Wizards.  • Responsible for creating Constraints and Indexes.  • Created views to restrict access for the security of data in a table.  • Monitored performance of the scheduled jobs and alerts.  • Used SSRS to create drill-down and drill-through reports.  • Migrated data from different sources including flat files, MS Access, to SQL Server 2012 by using SSIS and Involved in SSIS Package, for Import/Export data.  • Supported the release management by promoting new database objects like Tables, Procedures, Functions, Indexes and Views using T-SQL in Development and Production environment for SQL Server 2012/2014.  • Analyzing query performance using SQL Profiler and tuning queries which are running slow by using different methods in terms of evaluating joins, indexes, updating Statistics and code modifications.  • Daily routine DBA tasks like handling user's permissions and space issues on Production and Semi-Production Servers and handling maintenance Jobs.  • Configured and maintained DR environments for various databases using Log Shipping and Mirroring    Samyak Techno Solutions pvt Ltd, May2012 toMarch2013  SQL Server Developer    SamyakTechno Solutions Pvt Ltd are engaged in the manufacture of high quality glass containers to meet the stringent and demanding quality standards for the packaging needs of Food, Pharmaceuticals, Soft Drinks, Spirits and other industries.    Responsibilities:  • Involved in requirements gathering, analysis, design, and development and participated in all phases of SDLC.  • Created new database logically and physically designed to fit new business requirements.  • Created Database Objects - Tables, Indexes, Views, Triggers and Constraints.  • Wrote various stored procedures for the purpose of application development.  • Implemented Functions, views, triggers, stored procedures and enforced business rules via checks and constraints.  • Wrote different complex SQL queries including inner, outer join and update queries.  • Modified current database by adding tables, indexes and constraints.  • Rebuilt indexes on tables using various SQL Server commands to reduce fragmentation.  • Develop views using base tables and customized them to use it in the reports.  • Wrote triggers to insert and update the captured data.  • Extensively used T-SQL in constructing Stored Procedures, Common Table Expressions (CTEs), User Functions, Relational Database Models, and Data Integrity.  • Performance tuning of the SQL 2012 servers in order to reduce I/O and Memory contentions.  • Optimized SQL queries for efficiency and provided procedures for the front-end application.  • Wrote larger and complex T-SQL procedures and functions to efficiently perform complex business logic to summarize data.  • Performed operations like validation and error handling after Extracting data into SQL Server.  • Prepared various project related documents and gave presentations to the team. Education Master's Skills Data transformation, Database, Ddl, Ms sql server, Ms sql server 2012, SSRS, Ssis, Sql Server, T-SQL Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    Operating Systems Windows Server 2012/2008, Windows 7/Vista/XP, Linux, UNIX  Databases MS SQL Server 2012/2014, 2016 MS Office Access  Languages SQL,HTML,NOSQL, T-SQL, C#, JavaScript, CSS, Postgre SQL,C#, TFS, CSS, IIS, Java Script, Jquery/Bootstrap  Applications  Microsoft Office, Excel, Setting up Log Shipping & using DTS (Data Transformation Service), Administration and Installing of MS SQL Server 2012,2014    SQL Server  Management Studio, Business Intelligence Development Studio, Enterprise Manager, Query Analyzer, Profiler, Performance Monitor, SQL, T-SQL, DDL, DML, Stored Procedures, UDF, Triggers, DTS/SSIS, Log Shipping, Server Network Utility, Database Tuning Wizard, Index Tuning Wizard, SSIS, Microsoft Clustering Services (MSCS),    ETL& Reporting Tools SSIS, SSRS, SSAS  Others  Diagnostic Manager, Quest Spotlight, SQL Light speed, Agile, Jira, Bugzilla, BMC Remedy, Sharepoint.Visual studio, ASMX SOAP Webservice.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1235.html#264:::Database Administrator;Project Information Specialist II/Document Control;Document Control Administrator - Regulatory Affairs;Document Control Administrator;Microsoft (10+ years);Excel;Training;Records Management (10+ years);Document Control (10+ years);Document Management (10+ years);Record Keeping (10+ years);Database Management (10+ years);Databases (10+ years):::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Document Management Professional (15 years) (REMOTE) Chesterfield, VA LOOKING FOR REMOTE OPPORTUNITIES: Over 15 years of document control/management experience. USAF Veteran. Nuclear site document control specialist for highly sensitive government document. Department of Energy (DOE) nuclear construction documents expert. Versatile professional with extensive experience working with ISO 9000/NQA-1/ government-contract companies. Duties include monitoring, processing, and maintaining all registers of technical queries and contractor approvals. Processing of incoming vendor data ensuring that all information is retrieved and issued in a prompt manner. Communicating with Project Management and Team, Client and Sub-Contractors effectively and resolving problems and issues relating to vendor data. Seeking a challenging remote/home-based position with the opportunity for professional growth based on performance Work Experience Database Administrator BCP Engineers & Consultants - Waynesboro, GA October 2014 to June 2016 • Develop and maintain department's collaborative workspace and manage the SharePoint and Quickbase site.  • Manage electronic filing and submittal of QA records into Documentum  • Coordinate department work flow/deadlines with appropriate personnel to ensure items stay on schedule  • Prepare presentations for Manager or department personnel  • Assist with department reporting and metrics; collect data, create spreadsheets, etc. Project Information Specialist II/Document Control URS Corporation - Aiken, SC July 2011 to April 2014 • Performs data entry and maintains and organizes project and engineering information into eRoom database system and Iddeal Data Management  • Supports nuclear outage by maintaining personnel certifications and produce NDT method reports  • Identifies and extracts reports and performs queries from eRoom database system  • Oversees internal and external document review process  • Maintains proper information configuration management in support of engineering and construction Document Control Administrator - Regulatory Affairs Progress Energy Florida - Crystal River, FL April 2009 to November 2010 • Responsible for analyzing, assessing, reviewing and compiling critical business decision information and contract documentation necessary for recovery of costs compliance and regulations  • Determine which records generated by the Department are required to be made available to auditors in support of the cost compliance and regulations  • Serve as liaison between finance executives and senior staff to coordinate efficient and timely initiation and project processing of Regulatory Department Document Control Administrator Midrex Technologies Charlotte NC - Charlotte, NC May 2005 to October 2008 • Supervise the control and storage of five active projects and all company technical documents in accordance with company procedures  • Administer the expediting, receipt, control and transmittal documents  to clients and licensees in accordance with company procedures    • Duke Energy Corporation Charlotte NC February 2005 - May 2005  Document Control Technician - Contractor    • MOX Services Charlotte NC November 1999 - July 2003  EDMS Support Technician (MOX Fuel Project) Education Associates in General Studies Central Texas College June 1999 Skills Microsoft (10+ years), Excel, Training, Records Management (10+ years), Document Control (10+ years), Document Management (10+ years), Record Keeping (10+ years), Database Management (10+ years), Databases (10+ years) Military Service Branch: USAF Service Country: United States Rank: E4 November 1995 to November 1999 Additional Information TRAINING  Intuit Quickbase  Microsoft Sharepoint  Internal QMS Auditor ISO 9001:2000 Certification  IDDEAL Software Training  Nuclear QA Surveillance Training  Certificate Information Management, Community College of Air Force  Software: EDMS, Documentum, Passport/J, Passport NET/RMS (Oracle), Abode Acrobat, AutoDwg DWG2PDF Converter, FTP, Microsoft Office, AutoCAD
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1236.html#265:::QA Engineer;Software Developer;Database Administrator;Fulfillment Specialist;Ruby on Rails (4 years);HTML 5 (4 years);CSS (4 years);Github (4 years);Microsoft Office (10+ years);Javascript (4 years);MySQL (4 years);Python (4 years):::QA Engineer QA Engineer Software QA Engineer Saint George, UT Software QA Engineer with thorough hands-on experience in all levels of development and testing, including performance, functional, integration, system, regression, and user acceptance testing. Supportive and enthusiastic team player dedicated to streamlining processes and efficiently resolving project issues. Willing to take ownership of core components. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience QA Engineer PrinterLogic - Saint George, UT October 2016 to Present QA Engineer, familiar with Ruby on Rails, PHP, Python, Scrum, Agile, Selenium, Jenkins, Test Automation and TestRail. Software Developer Franklin Covey September 2015 to Present * Adjusting customer-requested code for company's loyalty program  * Revised code to update customer locations Database Administrator Franklin Covey December 2014 to September 2015 * Set up and configured new assessments through MySQL and DBVisualizer  * Managed and pushed SOAP feed updates on a monthly basis  * Assisted QA with acceptance testing and system documentation  * Created a new training manual and FAQ repository using Atlassian Confluence Fulfillment Specialist Boart Longyear July 2011 to May 2014 * Maintained correct levels of over 1,000 SKU's of diamond bits on hand at 13 global distribution centers, including NAM, LAM, APAC, and EMEA  * Optimized inventory levels using statistical models to design min/max and reorder points with results of lowering on hand inventory by approximately $4 million  * Used lean manufacturing to reduce lead times from three weeks to seven days, resulting in less on-hand inventory and quick delivery to customer Education B.S. in Software Development Western Governor's University 2021 Full Stack Web Development Certificate in Full Stack Web Development DevPoint Labs - Sal 2014 to 2014 Certification in Supply Chain Management University of California-Riverside June 2002 Skills Ruby on Rails (4 years), HTML 5 (4 years), CSS (4 years), Github (4 years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), Javascript (4 years), MySQL (4 years), Python (4 years) Links http://www.linkedin.com/erikburton1 http://www.github.com/erikburton http://www.erikbdesigns.com Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+ July 2019 CompTIA Network+ July 2019 CompTIA Project+ July 2019 Certified Tester, Foundation Level (CFTL) Present ISTQB Certified Tester, Foundation Level-Agile Tester (CFTL-AT) Present ISTQB Additional Information Skill Highlights  Development  Ruby on Rails  Linux  VMware  HTML 5/CSS  PostgreSQL  MySQL  Citrix  VLANS/LANS/WANS  Python  MS Office    Management  Agile Methodology  Team Integration  Self-starter  Problem Solver  Quick Learner  Curious mind  Loyal  Open-minded  Generous  Enthusiastic
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1237.html#266:::Oracle Database Administrator;Sr. Oracle Database Engineer;Jr. Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database;Linux;Data Guard;Sql Server;Rman;Performance Tuning;DBA;Sql Dba;patches and upgrade (8 years);migration (8 years);Postgresql;Oracle Dba;MYSQL:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator Dallas-Fort Worth, TX Experienced Oracle DBA with 8+ years of experience in Oracle Database Administration in large-scale production, development and test environments across multiple platforms.In-depth understanding of security and backup procedures to ensure database integrity,vast knowledge in RAC infrastructure, performance tuning,dataguard. Background in developing backup and disaster recovery plans for nationwide offices. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator PNC Bank - Pittsburgh, PA August 2017 to Present • Supporting multiple databases backup and recovery with RMAN Utility for production, development, test and staging purposes on linux, Solaris and Windows environments.  • Implemented a solid SDLC Methodology  • Implemented switchovers on primary and standby databases as a part of planned maintenance activities.  • Evaluated Oracle 11gR2 Golden Gate for future purposes that is for reducing the complexity involved in Oracle Streams.  • Configured Oracle Streams on Oracle 11g, 10g databases for data replication and monitored them using Grid Control.  • Rebuilding Indexes and gather statistics on tables on different databases on a regular basis to gain database performance using DBMS_STATS package  • Successfully upgraded the databases from 11g to non CDB 12c.  • Successfully migrated 12c Non CDB databases to pluggable databases.  • Created Oracle Wallets and implemented Tablespace level TDE security.  • Successfully setup 4 node Primary RAC with 3 node physical standby for new application in 11GR2. Tuning the Databases for optimization using AWR, ASH, ADDM, STATSPACK, Explain Plans and TKPROF, Estimating Table & Index Size.  • Utilizing Enterprise manager to monitor alerts, schedule jobs, monitor SQL loads, generate AWR reports  • Configured Oracle Data Guard to ensure disaster recovery, high availability and data protection.  • Database monitoring and performance tuning using OEM GC, AWR and ADDM, ASH, SQLT, TRCA, SQL Access Advisor, SPM,  • Automated the Data Replication process using Materialized Views for reporting databases.  • Used Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) 11g Grid Control for monitoring multiple database and notification of database alerts, and configured EM agents on multiple database servers.  • Implementing Datapump, conventional export/import utility of Oracle 11g, 10g for re-organizing Databases/Schemas/Tables to improve the performance.  • Used import/export utilities for cloning/migration of small sized databases and Datapump import/export to move data between 9i and 10g/11g environments.  • Applying upgrade patch, maintenance and interim (opatch) patches on all the databases.  • Refreshing Dev and Test instances with data from Production on a regular basis.  • Developed PL/SQL packages, DML, DDL, Oracle tables, Stored Procedures, functions, cursors, triggers and UNIX shell scripts.  • Thorough knowledge in setting up infrastructure for databases in huge datacenters.  • Installed Oracle 11g on Linux platform using ASM.  • Successful in applying RDBMS patches, security patches for improving the security and functionality of the databases.  • Efficiently performed installation, setup and creation of four node cluster RAC with Oracle 11.2.0.3 database using GRID infrastructure with ASM file systems on RHEL 5.5.  • Maintenance of Oracle 11gR2 Real Application Cluster (RAC) Database for High Availability, Scalability and Performance by determining the best Cluster architecture, choosing the best hardware configuration for Oracle RAC.  • Successful in installation/maintenance of Physical Standby database using Oracle Data Guard for Oracle 11.2.0.3 and Oracle 10.2.0.5 RAC databases.  • Implemented proactive monitoring using Tuning Pack, Diagnostics Pack, and STATSPACK, SQL Trace & TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN.  • Database monitoring/maintenance, replication process and performance tuning are done using OEM (Oracle Enterprise Manager).  Environment: Oracle 11g/12cRAC/9i, VMS, Sun Solaris, Windows Server 2003, Red Hat Linux, TOAD, RMAN, SQL server, OEM. Sr. Oracle Database Engineer Thomson Rueters - Dallas, TX November 2014 to August 2017 • Successfully installed and configured Oracle 11.1.0.7, Oracle 10.2.0.5 databases on AIX platforms.  • Monitored different databases and application servers using Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) 10g Grid Control.  • Experience Oracle 11gR2 Golden Gate for the purposes of DATA REPLICATION that is for reducing the complexity involved in Oracle Streams.  • Also involved in the configuration of Golden Gate Technology.  • Loading data from flat files to database using SQL*Loader, External Tables.  • Automated the processes like moving files, managing alert log, efficient backup by developing UNIX scripts.  • Involved in the installation, configuration and extended support to Oracle 11g, 10g two Node RAC (Real Application Cluster) with ASM file system on AIX platform.  • Involved in converting a single instance database to Oracle 11g, 10g RAC databases.  • Installed ASM environment and migrated databases from NON-ASM to ASM.  • Used TOAD for database management.  • Made optimal use of Oracle Support in resolving the SRs.  • 24 X 7 Production & Development database support and administration.  • Extensively used AWR, ADDM and explain plan for periodic performance tuning.  • Implementing Datapump, conventional export/import utility of Oracle 11g, 10g for re-organizing Databases/Schemas/Tables to improve the performance.  • Used import/export utilities for cloning/migration of small sized databases and Datapump import/export to move data between 9i and 10g/11g environments.  • Implemented proactive monitoring using Tuning Pack, Diagnostics Pack, and STATSPACK, SQL Trace & TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN.  • Database monitoring/maintenance, replication process and performance tuning are done using OEM (Oracle Enterprise Manager).  • Experience in implementation of enterprise databases on enterprise Storage Solutions using Storage area Networks (SAN) and Network attached storage (NAS).  • Documented the Standard Processes for peers to follow.  • Applying upgrade patch, maintenance and interim (opatch) patches on all the databases.  • Implemented Flashback technology of the Oracle 11g, 10g along with Recyclebin for a faster recovery of the databases and database objects.  • Performed full & incremental backup (cumulative and differential) using RMAN and implemented recovery strategies.  • Refreshed/cloned databases using RMAN utility.  • Performed Database upgrade from Oracle 9i (9.2.0.7) to Oracle 10g (10.2.0.5) and to Oracle 11g (11.1.0.7) RAC database.  • Successful in applying RDBMS patches, security patches for improving the security and functionality of the databases.  • Achieved optimized performance for the databases by rebuilding indexes, on tables and indexes.    Environment: Oracle 11.1.0.7, 10.2.0.5, IBM AIX V6.1, Suse Linux, RAC, ASM, RMAN, AWR, ADDM, SQL* Plus, SQL*Loader, OEM, TOAD 10.0. Jr. Oracle Database Administrator Anthelio Healthcare Inc - Dallas, TX January 2011 to November 2014 • Worked with Oracle Diagnostics tools such as Explain Plan, SQL Trace, TKPROF Used to analyze timing and execution plan for SQL query to tune the SQL statements  • Reorganized data files, identified and eliminated contention factors like I/O, buffers and locks  • Allocated the separate rollback segments for the Batch processing jobs in order to speed up processing  • Reorganized data files, identification and elimination of contention factors like I/O, buffers and locks  • Controlled and monitored user access to the database. Optimized the performance of the database. Tuned SGA data dictionary and set database parameters  • Installation and configuration of Oracle database 9i (9.2.0.4), 10g (10.2.0.1) on various OS platforms like HP-UX, Linux, and Windows NT, 2000  • Performance tuning of application and database, identification and resolution of contention, defining and implementing Backup Recovery policy, and day-to-day monitoring of the Production database  • Worked on the physical and logical designing of the database, which includes the distribution of data- files on different disks.  • Defined and implemented database backup and security strategies, tested the backups periodically for consistency and reliability  • Identified long-running database queries, refining queries for better performance, and working with end- users to implement changes  • Created primary database objects (tables, views, indexes) once application developers have designed an application  • Monitored Customer Databases, physically located in U.S and Remote administration of fifteen Production Databases in UNIX environment    Environment: HP-UX, Windows, Oracle 8i, 10g, SQL, PL/SQL, SQL plus, TOAD Education Bachelor's Skills Oracle Database, Linux, Data Guard, Sql Server, Rman, Performance Tuning, DBA, Sql Dba, patches and upgrade (8 years), migration (8 years), Postgresql, Oracle Dba, MYSQL Certifications/Licenses bls computer science July 2007 to November 2010
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1238.html#267:::Security Controls Assessor;Security Controls Assessor;Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Security;Database;Oltp;Oracle;Oracle 10g;Pl/sql;Replication;Sql;Backups;Business continuity;Iso;Iso 27001;Nist;Pci;Vpn;Aix;Linux;Red hat;Shell scripting;Shell scripts:::Security Controls Assessor Security Controls Assessor Security Controls Assessor - Environmental Protection Agency Owings Mills, MD A skilled and extremely organized Security Professional who can adjust quickly to new technologies, environments, procedures and get the job done in a gamut of situations including interfacing with business, and stake holders in a challenging environment. Work Experience Security Controls Assessor Environmental Protection Agency - Raleigh, NC August 2018 to Present Conduct comprehensive assessments of the management, operational and technical security controls employed within or inherited by the system to determine the overall effectiveness of the control and ensure that the controls are implemented correctly, operating as intended, and producing the desired outcome with respect to meeting the security requirements for the system.  ? Conduct security assessments on assigned systems and collaborate with clients to provide recommendations regarding critical infrastructure, network security operations, and Continuous Monitoring processes.  ? Collaborate with ISSOs to ensure systems are properly categorized, their controls selected and implemented based on the systems categorization level.  ? Create, update, and revise System Security Plans, FISMA, Contingency Plans, Incident Reports and Plan of Action & Milestone  ? Participate in A&A Kick-off Meeting and populate the Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM) per NIST SP 800-53A  ? Document and finalize security Assessment Report (SAR) in preparation for ATO  ? Collaborate with SOC engineers to perform continuous monitoring of systems to ensure security and compliance.  ? Determine security controls effectiveness (i.e., controls implemented correctly, operating as intended, and meeting security requirements).  ? Evaluate threats and vulnerabilities based on Nessus tenable reports and also Implement Risk Management Framework (RMF) in accordance with NIST SP 800-37.  ? Classification and categorization of information Systems using the RMF processes to ensure system Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability.  ? Provide audit briefings to agency and Information Systems Security Officer's (ISSO), to assist in the preparation of independent audit assessments with the agency's goal of improving their operational effectiveness and ensuring that all findings are documented as Plan of Action & Milestones. Security Controls Assessor Riley Technologies - Mooresville, NC July 2016 to July 2018 Serves as an assessor for the program and making sure that Security Control Assessments and other advanced-level Continuous Monitoring Activities are implemented in the environment.  ? Provide professional and security based assistance to the incident response team to ensure that security controls are adhered to as stipulated in security policies and procedures.  ? Validate respective system security plans to ensure that security control requirements are effectively implemented in the environment.  ? Coordinate with system engineers to monitor, investigate, log and report systems activities resulting from unauthorized access and possible modification of sensitive data.  ? Collaborate with business and stakeholders to develop security control authorization documentations needed to authorize system operations.  ? Collaborate with SOC engineers to scan the environment for possible vulnerabilities using tools like nessus and others  ? Experience researching and giving recommendations associated with findings on how to improve the customer's security posture in accordance with NIST controls.  ? Monitors and assesses selected security controls in the environment on continuous bases to make sure that changes are authorized and documented.  ? Work with stake holders to develop system contingency plan and ensures that the plan is tested, authorized and maintained..  ? Strong written and verbal communication skills including the ability to explain technical matters to a non-technical audience.  ? Flexibility to adjust quickly to multiple demands, shifting priorities to meet business needs and standards. Database Administrator Acethia LLC MD February 2015 to June 2016 Supporting dev, test and production databases on windows environment  ? Monitoring and supporting ColdFusion databases using the FusionReactor  ? Installation and patching of Enterprise Manager 13c on Windows environment  ? Refreshing Production data to the Test and Dev environment  ? Handling the upgrade of PHP for the Linux Environment where Drupal was installed  ? Wrote documentation for steps and processes used  ? Backup and recovery using RMAN  ? RMAN active cloning  ? Monitoring CPU and memory usage  ? Monitoring the CPU, memory usage, I/O contention on servers using top, iostat, SAR, glance, vmstat etc.  ? Provided instance level performance monitoring and tuning for Event Waits, Sessions, Physical and Logical IO and Memory Usage.  ? Extensive experience in RMAN recovery testing, RAC and standalone database  ? Intensively used latest 10g/11g Automatic Workload Repository (AWR) & Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitoring (ADDM) reports for the health check of the databases and used the notification tool to send the alerts in OEM Grid Control.  ? Recovery of Database (Recovering from Media Failure, Recovering the tables dropped accidentally, recovering data files, recovering from Block Corruption) from previous RMAN backups.  ? Extensive experience in RMAN recovery testing, standalone database  ? Expertise in maintaining Database Security using auditing.  ? Worked on maintaining Container Databases (CDB) and Pluggable Databases (PDB) when necessary Oracle Database Administrator Lolubyte IT Consulting LLC MD May 2014 to January 2015 Supporting multiple databases for production, development, test and staging purposes on Linux Red Hate and Windows environments.  ? Applying upgrade patch, maintenance and interim (opatch) patches on all the databases using the opatch utility.  ? Refreshing Dev and Test instances with data from Production on a regular basis.  ? Installed Oracle 11g on Linux platform using ASM.  ? Configured and worked in Oracle GoldenGate installation, configuration, troubleshooting GoldenGate issues.  ? RMAN point in time recovery and Instance recovery done on 11g.  ? Developed compliance reports and performed auditing at higher levels.  ? Scheduling repetitive activities like gathering schema statistics, exports, table space usage report using UNIX/SHELL scripts and scheduling in the crontab.  ? Handled all daily DBA activities and excellent experience with SQL scripting, stored procedures, functions, packages, triggers to enforce the referential integrity constraints and business rules.  ? Installed and configured Oracle OEM 12C on test environments. Used OEM extensively to monitor the general health and troubleshoot/diagnose problems in the environment both on server, database level and most importantly at the Sql level to identify and subpar Sql queries.  ? Configuring custom metrics, monitoring templates and alerts set up based on individual dba preference and tailored to application requirements.  ? reports for trend analysis and capacity planning.  ? Monitoring the CPU, memory usage, I/O contention on servers using top, iostat, SAR, glance, vmstat etc.  ? Provided instance level performance monitoring and tuning for Event Waits, Sessions, Physical and Logical IO and Memory Usage.  ? Extensive experience in RMAN recovery testing, standalone database  ? Created a Clone Database using RMAN on remote Server  ? Implemented Data Guard with high availability and performance configurations and participated in Data Guard Fail over tests.  ? Successfully implemented Backup & Recovery using RMAN which includes hot backups.  ? Worked extensively on Performance tuning of Queries by maintaining Aggregates, Compression, partition, indexing and use of Hints, Stored outlines, Statistics.  ? Troubleshooting of various database performances by proper diagnosis at all levels like SQL, database design, database tables, indexes, Instance, memory, operating system.  ? Knowledge in Oracle Data warehouse DBA skills relating to administration and management of Oracle OLTP.    Environment: Oracle 11g/11g /10g, VMS, Sun Solaris, Windows Server 2003, Red Hat Linux, TOAD, RMAN, SQL server, OEM. Education Bachelor's Skills Security, Database, Oltp, Oracle, Oracle 10g, Pl/sql, Replication, Sql, Backups, Business continuity, Iso, Iso 27001, Nist, Pci, Vpn, Aix, Linux, Red hat, Shell scripting, Shell scripts Additional Information Summary of Skills  ? Acquainted in FISMA, NIST and FIPS publications. Especially NIST 800-37, NIST 800-53 Rev 4, NIST 800-53A  ? Knowledgeable in the ISO 27001 Framework used in securing systems in international organizations  ? Conversant in the PCI DSS Framework used in security systems in the Financial industry  ? Knowledgeable in vulnerability management and compliance regulations  ? Experienced in the NIST RMF process used for managing cyber security risk  ? Ability to adapt in a fast paced and time sensitive environment  ? Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills in designing, developing, and implementing security standards.  ? Highly organized, Self-motivated and responsible for assigned tasks.    Areas of Security Expertise  Assessment and Authorization (A&A) FISMA, NIST , OMB Regulations  Risk Management Framework (RMF) NIST Special Publications (NIST SP)  Security Categorization (SC) Continuous Monitoring (CM)  Security Assessment Reporting (SAR) Systems Security Plans (SSP)  Plan of Action & Milestones (POAM) Information System Security Officer (ISSO)  Areas of Database Expertise  ? Excellent experience in managing large-scale OLTP databases in HA and DR setup.  ? Experience in Installation, Configuration and Maintenance Oracle Standby/Data Guard.  ? Experience in migration/consolidation of databases using Oracle 12c multitenant.  ? Setup maintenance of Data Guard for DR and reporting purpose with various modes.  ? Planned, Installed and Configured Golden Gate setup for unidirectional replication.  ? Performed, developed and maintained database backup and recovery using RMAN.  ? Refreshing/Cloning databases for the testing/developing purpose  ? Experience in install and support OEM Grid control 10G/11G/12c.  ? Expert in Backup & Recovery using Data Pump, Hot, Cold, Logical and RMAN  ? Executed and implemented user helpdesk tickets of various issues via REMEDY database from creating user accounts, read-only accounts on a database & table down to assisting them with logging into the database. Experienced in using 10g features like 10g RMAN, Data pump Flash-Back Recovery and ASM.  ? Knowledge of Database Recovery Techniques and implementation of those recovery techniques to ensure business continuity.  ? Expertise in maintaining Database Security using auditing.  ? Experience in Data Migrations.  ? Extensively implemented Datapump, conventional Export/Import (Oracle 11g, 10g) for migration and logical backup of database.  ? Strong skills in applying security patches (Patch set, Critical Patch Updates (CPU) / Patch Set Updates (PSU), One-off Patch) using "runInstaller" and perl based utility "opatch".  ? Highly experienced in implementing Oracle's Transportable Tablespace (TTS) feature using Datapump Export/Import (Oracle 11g, 10g) allowing users to quickly move a user Tablespace across Oracle databases.  ? Expertise in implementing data refreshes (at database, schema & table level) using RMAN utility and Datapump, conventional Export/Import of Oracle 11g, 10g.  ? Developed Shell Scripts to Automate RMAN Backups, Hot/Cold backups, Imp/Exp, Datapump and Schema Refresh, and Production to Dev/Stage Sync up etc.  ? Expertise in Performing Database Tuning - Tuning involved I/O, Memory, CPU utilization, SQL Tuning, SGA tuning, Shared Pool tuning, Buffers and Disk I/O tuning using Oracle's regular performance tuning tools like Explain Plan, STATSPACK (perfstat), SQL*Trace, TKPROF.    Technical Skills  Operating Systems:  Linux Red Hat 4, 5. Windows 2008, 2010. HP-UX 10.x, 11.x. Sun Solaris, AIX 5.x, 6.x Linux Enterprise Server 9, 10.  Versions:  Oracle 10g, 11g, 12c  Languages:  SQL, PL/SQL, UNIX Shell Scripting  Tools:  EXPLAIN PLAN, STATSPACK, AWR, ADDM and TKPROF. Toad, Putty, NX client, WinSCP, Remote Desktop Connection, VNC, Cisco VPN Client, secureVPN  Utilities/Tools:  SQL*Plus, Oracle Enterprise Manager, FusionReactor, Transportable Tablespaces, SQL*Loader, RMAN, DataPump, Export, Import
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1239.html#268:::Data Analyst;Data Analyst/ Sql developer;System Analyst/ Technical Support;SQL Server Database Administrator;Operations Database Analyst;SQL;Powerpoint;MS Office;Business Intelligence;Microsoft Office;testing;access;Excel;ETL;DBA;Tableau;PL SQL;XML:::Data Analyst Data Analyst Data Analyst Carrollton, TX Work Experience Data Analyst LINBECK GROUP - San Antonio, TX February 2018 to June 2019 • Analyzed raw data draw conclusions & develop recommendations writing SQL scripts to manipulate data for data loads and extracts.  • Participated in defect review meetings with the team members. Work closely with the project manager to record, track, prioritize and close bugs.  • Created all data issue design documents thoroughly and with sufficient logic update;  • Involved with Business Unit SME's, Process Owners, and other groups to get related business rules and information on data in the development of specifications for data cleanup.  • Involved in formulating strategies to manage the data part of the project. Beginning with data checking, data cleaning and working with developers and the business users efficiently to provide quality deliverables.  • Executed Data quality checks in the form of SQL queries to ensure data integrity and enforce business rules.  • Extensively involve with Data cleansing, formatting of the data to correct the mismatch in Staging area.  • Performed User Acceptance Testing (UAT) or both Data and Functionality Issues.  • Identified and address recurring/ root cause issues that can affect Data Integrity.  • Analyzed the huge data from legacy system to new system (SQL) for migration and identified the gaps.  • Designed and implemented complex SQL queries for QA testing and report/ data validation. Detected defects, reported issues and results to dev and PP team using Issue Tracking tool ITS.  • Involved in scrum process like Grooming, Meeting and reviews for sprint estimates.  • Coordinated with the BA and DEV teams to fix the gaps between businesses, development and implementation phases of the project.  • Performed requirement analysis and document deliverables based on the version control within internal storage.  • Data Migration testing using SQL and checking source and target data integrity.  • Worked on issues with migration of data from development to QA environment. Arranged and attended team meetings with off shore team to meet the project deadlines.  • Performed Data Profiling and extensive data validation.  • Create technical design documentation for the data models, data flow control process, metadata management.  • Created tables, views, database links to see the information extracted from SQL files.  • Worked on tables (Like Set, Multiset, Derived, Volatile, Global Temporary), views, using SQL scripts  • Built a Financial Analysis Business Intelligence Solution for a public sector client using Hyperion Essbase, Hyperion EIS, Hyperion Studio, Informatica, Oracle DB, and OBIEE.  • Involved in requirement gathering and database design and implementation of star schema, dimensional data warehouse using Erwin.  • Wrote and executed unit, system, integration and UAT scripts in a Data Warehouse projects.  • Created Logical/Physical Data models in 3NF in the Warehouse area of Enterprise Data Warehouse.  • Created 3NF business area data modeling with de-normalized physical implementation data and information requirements analysis using Erwin tool.  • Worked on dashboard development using Excel to visualize big data sets and assist in the analysis of complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources.  • Worked directly with Managers and Team Leads to create reports used for financial, expansion, hiring, and other purposes.  • Performed statistical analysis and provided detailed reports to the admissions committee for decision-making.  • Performed Data Mapping between source systems to Target systems, logical data modeling, created class diagrams and ER diagrams and used SQL queries to filter data  • Identified/documented data sources and transformation rules required to populate and maintain data warehouse content.  • Expertise in generating graphs using MS Excel Pivot tables.  • Applied data cleansing/ data scrubbing techniques to ensure consistency amongst data sets. Independently perform complex troubleshooting, root-cause analysis and solution development.  • Worked with Data Warehouse developers to evaluate impact on current implementation, redesign of all ETL logic.  • Created Source to target Data mapping document of input /output attributes with the proper transformations which would help for the easy development of ETL bridge.  • Environment: SQL, PL/SQL, ETL Informatica, Oracle, SQL server, MS Excel, Erwin, UAT, HP ALM/Quality Center, UNIX, Teradata, Erwin and MS Access, Data management Data Analyst/ Sql developer TechDigital Corporation - San Antonio, TX December 2016 to February 2018 • Collaborated with Staff, and cross functional teams, and designed and developed high quality customer interface re- ports (Customer Invoice, customer Acknowledgement reports) using BI tool Tableau and XML publisher.  • Design, develop, deploy and support Tableau dashboards 9x/10.1 on Tableau server as well as Microsoft Business  • Intelligence Tools (SSAS, SSRS) deployed enterprise-wide.  • Write Queries/Code/programs using SQL Programming in Microsoft SQL Server, SAS Visual Analytics, SAS Enterprise  • Guide and Oracle to pull complex data.  • Worked on "Point of Interest". Researched and marked places on Google maps with a tool which can identify Chain of Eatery places, Universities, monuments etc.  • Experienced in high volume data conversion, analysis, reporting and migration of different domain specific data.  • Expertise in data exploration, cleaning, clustering, segmentation, building models like decision trees, regression, and time series analysis.  • Independently handled the conversions of 7 million data records of Inventory data to staff production environment.  • Documented the complete process flow to describe system architecture, program development, logic, testing, implementation, and application integration which reduced training time required for application support team by ~200 hours. System Analyst/ Technical Support Central Business Solutions Inc - Houston, TX December 2014 to November 2016 • Monitor and maintain the computer systems and networks of an organization  • Install and configure computer systems  • Diagnose hardware and software faults and solve technical and applications problems.  • Deliver service and support to end-users using and operating automated call distribution phone software, via remote connection or over the Internet  • Interact with customers to provide and process information in response to inquiries, concerns, and requests about products and services  • Diagnose and resolve technical hardware and software issues involving internet connectivity, email clients, IPTV, VOIP and more  • Follow standard processes and procedures  • Identify and escalate priority issues per Client specifications  • Follow up and make scheduled call backs to customers where necessary SQL Server Database Administrator Kuba Global Solutions Limited - Lagos, NG June 2012 to December 2014 • Maintained and monitored database backup and restore process  • Used different replication methodologies to select and configure the settings while maintaining the stability of data stream  • Monitored and maintained database performance and identified/recommended areas that can be improved  • Effected database performance tuning, analysis and optimization  • Established and enforced all database standards  • Analyzed all informational requirements of new or production systems and develops database specifications  • Reviewed the designed and deployment of data objects from development/staging to production  • Building database schemas, tables, procedures and managing permissions, implementing policy based management, Installing and deploying databases  • Monitoring, Automating tasks, Setting up high availability (log shipping, database mirroring etc.), Executing change control. Operations Database Analyst May and Baker Nigeria Plc - Lagos, NG June 2010 to April 2012 • Used SQL profiler for troubleshooting, monitoring, optimization of SQL Server and SQL code  • Performed DBA duties including Database Backups, Restores, Performance Tuning and Capacity Analysis.  • Performed other duties assigned by management. Education MSc. in Information Systems Strayer University B.Tech. in Management Technology and Business Admin Lagos State University Ojo Skills SQL, Powerpoint, MS Office, Business Intelligence, Microsoft Office, testing, access, Excel, ETL, DBA, Tableau, PL SQL, XML
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\124.html#269:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Aix (5 years);Cisco (Less than 1 year);oracle Database (5 years);databases (5 years);Hp-ux (5 years);Linux (5 years);Loader (5 years);Ms sql server (1 year);Ms sql server 2012 (1 year);Oem (5 years);Oracle (5 years);Oracle 10g (5 years);Rman (5 years);Solaris (5 years);Sql (5 years);Sql server (1 year);Sql server 2012 (1 year);Unix (5 years);Ux (Less than 1 year);Oracle Dba:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - Iowa Foundation for Medical Care Washington, DC Database Administrator with five(5) years of experience. I possess complete life cycle knowledge including Installation and configuration. Worked on Oracle 12c, 11g, and 10g as well as MS Sql Server(2012, 2014 and 2016). Daily database administration tasks include production support, database upgrades, patch administration, migration, installation and configuration, backup and recovery, performance tuning, database cloning, and security management.    * Five (5) years of experience in the IT Field with experience in development, test, QA and Production databases.  * Five (5) years of experience administrating Oracle 11g Release 2 and Oracle 10g, Over three (3) years working on 12c multitenant databases  * Five (5) years of strong experience with Performance Tuning using tools such as ADDM, SQL TUNING ADVISOR, AWR, ASH, SQL ACCESS ADVISOR, and IGNITE  * Five(5) years of experience with database UPGRADES and PATCHING 12c, 11g, 10g.  * Five(5) years of expertise experience in Installation, Configuration and administration of Oracle Primary and Standby (Data guard) Database and Failover/Switchover/Switchback of Database on 10GR2/ 11GR2  * Five (5) years of experience with Transparent Data Encryption (TDE) and Encryption  * Five (5) year of experience on Oracle Goldengate 11g unidirectional Configuration -Oracle source and target replication setup and administration as well as documenting all the steps  * Five (5) years of extensive experience of proactive monitoring and identifying areas that need to be tuned to improve performance in the application and database using 11g/10g OEM Grid Monitoring.  * Five (5) years of experience in Disk Space Management involving managing archives, space allocation to various tablespaces and also capacity planning for new applications.  * Five (5)years implementing and planning Backup and Recovery strategies using Recovery Manager (RMAN). Performed block recovery, datafiles and database recovery using RMAN, Point-in-Time Recovery, and Flashback Technologies option.  * Two (2) years of Installation and configuration of Oracle 11g RAC using Cluster ware and ASM.  * Experience in very large-scale database environment and mission critical large OLTP and OLAP systems.  * Experience in tuning database in RAC / Non-RAC environment for better performance.  * Five (5) years of experience in upgrading and migration of Oracle database to higher version and other platforms using manual method and traditional Export/Import, Transportable Table Spaces (TTS), Data Pump utilities.  * Developed Shell Scripts, Crontab and SQL Scripts to carry out routine checks on databases. Experience in using SQL, PL/ SQL procedures, functions, triggers and packages.  * One (1) years of experience working on MS Sql Server (2012, 2014 and 2016)-installation and administration. Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Iowa Foundation for Medical Care - West Des Moines, IA July 2016 to Present DBA supporting three major projects from Development to Production environments, involving daily configuration, administration- Database sizes ranging from 80GB to 4TB (in ODS & EDW environments).  ? Supported 100+ databases including production databases, a Data warehouse database and a lot of Development and Test databases.  ? Provided Production & test environment support while coordinating with Unix Team and storage team to configure the OS infrastructure for Oracle Databases.  ? Installed 12c Databases and responsible for upgrading Oracle 11g to 12c  ? Involved in Oracle Golden Gate installation, configuration, troubleshooting Golden Gate EXTRACT and REPLICATE issues.  ? Implemented Data Pump, Export and Import on day to day basis as per development and test servers.  ? Effectively deployed active data guard standby on 11g database for test and production environments and performed switchover drills for immediate availability.  ? Monitoring database performance and database operation to prevent downtime and slowness of the services.  ? Successfully migrated 12c Non CDB databases to pluggable databases.  ? Worked closely with the system operations team on database deployment processes and database capacity planning.  ? Hands on experience with logical backups, Hot/Cold backups, Recovery, and cloning of databases using (RMAN) Recovery Manager, SQL Backtrack.  ? Delivering Oracle Database performance-tuning services for customers with EXPLAIN PLAN, TKPROF, AWR, ADDM, SQL TRACE and SQLT  ? Handled Physical and Logical Corruptions and recovery using RMAN (Recovery Manager).  ? Applied database patches using Opatch utility & building Clone instances for Development and Test teams.  ? Maintained and monitored various production servers with Oracle 11g R1, 11g R2, 10g, and Exadata servers.  ? Scheduled database maintenance tasks such as tables/indexes analysis, index rebuild, materialized views refresh and db exports.  ? Identify Top SQL that are consuming heavy resources and provide support to the development team in identifying SQL queries that are consuming high resources and interact with the development team to see if these queries can be fine-tuned further.  ? Regular Security Patching and Critical patch Updates (CPU) and Patch set updates (PSU) on Oracle databases and interim patches for various bug fixes on database products.  ? Implemented and configured of Oracle Enterprise manager OEM 12C and Oracle Management Server for maintenance and monitoring of production databases.  ? Managing Users, Roles, privileges, profiles, schemas, SQL Monitoring, SQL Advisor, SQL tuning and Metrics, using Grid Control of Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) 12C.  ? Creating and Managing Primary Objects like Custom tables, Procedures, Packages, Triggers, Alerts & Functions. Views, Indexes, user accounts, roles, grants and performing day-to-day operations.  ? Expert in monitoring database using Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM).  ? Installed and administered SQL Server databases required for development, testing, education and production usage. Oracle Database Administrator State Farm - Phoenix, AZ December 2014 to May 2016 Running scripts and monitoring the load process to avoid any issues in ETL jobs running for a long duration.  ? Monitored Database growth and provide Database capacity planning for applications expansion or necessary re-organization of tables and indexes as and when required.  ? Performing Database Administration activities like space management, user and roles administration, schema management, checking alert log of all the databases. Installed Oracle 10g and 11g on multiple platforms.  ? Performed up-gradation of 10g to 11g.  ? Performed traditional Cold backup in appropriate environments via OS commands as well as logical exports.  ? Performed conversion of Single Node Instance to multi node RAC with ASM, and adding instance to existing RAC.  ? Automated routine DBA tasks like backup's and stats by using Grid control job's  ? Provided Assistance to application team at the time of SQL tuning in applications. Administration of RAC and DATAGUARD databases in Oracle 11g.  ? Oracle DB System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) planning and Oracle DB 3-Tier architecture.  ? Setup RMAN solutions for all Oracle Databases -- created rman repository, provided best practices, optimizations and data guard and cloning techniques -- restore and recovery.  ? Implemented and maintained Oracle 11g Data Guard/standby databases for switch-over and fail-over purposes. Created, relocated and removed Services as needed in an Oracle RAC configuration  ? Adding and removing nodes to existing Oracle database RAC configurations  ? Worked closely with diverse application development groups and served as single point of contact for testing, tuning and implementing projects / solutions in production environment  ? Cloned and maintained multiple Oracle Database environments for Development, Testing & QA.  ? Carried out yearly DR Testing of Oracle ERP Systems / Critical Oracle Databases.  ? Applied various database / applications PSU / CPU patches as required. Also applied monthly vertex updates.  ? Performed activities like monitoring the database and provide maximum uptime.  ? Created and granted users the privileges and roles and resizing the datafiles to manage database growth.  ? Defined and implemented database backup and security strategies, tested the backups periodically for consistency and reliability.  ? Identified long-running database queries, refining queries for better performance, and working with end- users to implement changes  ? Created primary database objects (tables, views, indexes) once application developers have designed an application  ? Monitor database systems and provide technical support for database system issues and application performance enhancement/improvement using both Oracle 10g Grid Control & SQL*Plus, as well as UNIX shell scripts.  Created the database objects such as Tables, Indexes, Views, Database Triggers, Procedures, Functions Education Bachelor's Skills Aix (5 years), Cisco (Less than 1 year), oracle Database (5 years), databases (5 years), Hp-ux (5 years), Linux (5 years), Loader (5 years), Ms sql server (1 year), Ms sql server 2012 (1 year), Oem (5 years), Oracle (5 years), Oracle 10g (5 years), Rman (5 years), Solaris (5 years), Sql (5 years), Sql server (1 year), Sql server 2012 (1 year), Unix (5 years), Ux (Less than 1 year), Oracle Dba
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1240.html#270:::Program Director;Business Operations Specialist;Program Manager, Grants & Outcomes;Compliance Program Manager / Administrator;Database Administrator;Data management;Documentation;Excel;Written and verbal;Governance;Time Management;Outlook;Microsoft Excel;Project Coordination;Account Reconciliation;Property Management:::Program Director Program Director Work Experience Program Director Todd Lastrapes Memorial Foundation - Opelousas, LA December 2018 to Present • Plans and executes programs for a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. Researches and applies for funding. Business Operations Specialist KAIROS CAPITAL, LLC (formerly Bedrock Management Solutions) - Kennesaw, GA April 2017 to November 2018 • Led property management personnel to identify, minimize and resolve operational risks.  • Reduced manual invoice entries by 75% and improved monthly financial report generation by 80% through process improvement.  • Assisted accounting with accounts receivables, invoice payment processing and monthly financial reports.  • Communicated with vendors to resolve payment and billing issues. Program Manager, Grants & Outcomes PRIME ONCOLOGY - Atlanta, GA October 2016 to April 2017 • Analyzed data and generated outcome reports for medical education programs to meet closeout timelines.   • Prepared and submitted grant proposals for oncology educational programs. Compliance Program Manager / Administrator CONISUS, LLC - Atlanta, GA July 2012 to December 2015 • Managed development and implementation of an ethical company-wide compliance program to meet guidelines for operation and reporting of multi-client, multi-million dollar annual programs.  • Standardized and documented processes for data collection and analysis, document storage and program reconciliation for 10k+ annual programs.  • Initiated audit processes, reducing program closeouts from 60+ days to 30 days.  • Audited data and generated monthly transparency reports for multiple clients, meeting reporting deadlines 100% of the time.  • Rewrote design requirements and performed UAT for reports, optimizing run time to create real-time report generation instead of overnight execution. Database Administrator CONISUS, LLC - Atlanta, GA September 2011 to June 2012 • Validated and maintained company database of 10,000+ healthcare providers. Education Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering Tulane University - Opelousas, LA Skills Data management, Documentation, Excel, Written and verbal, Governance, Time Management, Outlook, Microsoft Excel, Project Coordination, Account Reconciliation, Property Management Additional Information SKILLS  • Advanced Microsoft Word and Excel  • Compliance  • Data Management & Governance  • Reporting  • Project Management  • Documentation  • Written and Verbal Communication  • Technology Savvy
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1241.html#271:::Cloud Architect;Lead Systems Engineer;Project Manager/ DBA;IT Database Administrator;IT Database Consultant;Data Analyst;Ms access;Sql server;Sql;Sharepoint;Ssrs;HTML;Linux;XML;Cloud Computing;Python;Hive;Hadoop;Pig;NoSQL;Kubernetes;Docker;Amazon Web Services;Google Cloud:::Cloud Architect Cloud Architect Cloud Architect - Evalueserve Chicago, IL * Experienced Cloud Architect with a focus on technical leadership, architecting, developing, and managing highly available and highly resilient big data environments in AWS and Google Cloud platforms.  * Designed, implemented, and led the Google Cloud environment from scratch for one of the biggest food industries and provided technical oversite and subject matter experts on all the Google Cloud-based solutions.  * Lead the architecture and strategy process for implementing the data lake, migration of the existing system, and build new solutions for new applications with CICD capability on Google Cloud/ AWS.  * Experienced in designing and implementing APIs to transfer/consume large data sets utilizing cloud services.  * Managed multiple projects from initial client contact through the planning process to the final deliverables. Handled implementation of sprint plans, Agile methodologies, scheduling and delegation of the tasks to the project teams to ensure timely execution of projects.  * Managed and supported large-scale in-house environments consisting of thousands of servers, petabytes of data, and multiple application hosted in house as well as in AWS. Work Experience Cloud Architect Evalueserve - Chicago, IL March 2019 to Present * Design and implement the google cloud environment from scratch for one of the biggest food industries and lead the Cloud infrastructure and data engineering team responsible for overseeing the client's Cloud environment, including architecting, deploying, and migrating existing and new enterprise applications.  * Migrate existing Email Marketing System in Google Cloud and redesigned the infrastructure by utilizing Data Proc as a processing system, APP Engine to host APIs and Cloud SQL to store transactional data.  * Lead the architecture and strategy process for implementing data lake in Google Cloud by managing the sourcing of the data from various vendors into the Big Query and developing detailed project plans that map to client's strategic cloud-based business initiatives.  * Design and implement API in Python Flask to transfer/consume large data sets  * Provide technical oversite and subject matter experts on all the Google Cloud-based solutions. Engage with the business/client and stakeholders to define and review functional & non-functional requirements regularly. Lead Systems Engineer Deloitte LLP - Hermitage, TN January 2014 to March 2019 * Supported large-scale environments consisting of thousands of servers, petabytes of data, and multiple application hosted in-house as well as in AWS.  * Designed high availability and cost-effective solutions for new applications in AWS by assessing the requirements and developing best practices to ensure software functionality, reliability, usability and availability.  * Responsible for scaling and optimizing existing applications, including machine learning and AI tools hosted in house and AWS.  * Identified opportunities for automation/optimization while analyzing and supporting the current infrastructure and lead the development of proposed solutions by coordinating with stakeholders and providing technical expertise to other teams such as Data, Operations, Analytics, and DevOps.  * Optimized grid operations with high-quality predictive analytics based on state-of-the-art machine and deep learning.  * Responsible for applying best practice for tuning SQL databases to improve overall system performance and optimize long running SQL queries. Maintain systems integrity through change control and problem management procedures and communicate with stakeholders.  * Architect and developed an application to report on various data/system related issues across multiple platforms in a big data environment. In addition, the application provides statistics on the issues encountered, resolved and escalated.  * Developed visualization of data using SSRS and TSQL to effectively communicate findings and insights to primary and secondary key stakeholders. Created Overturn KPI and accuracy reports to report on data reviewed by multiple users; Transformed clients data to report on reviewer statistics to predict and anticipate the data review forecast. Project Manager/ DBA Barrister Digital Solutions LLC - Washington, DC April 2013 to October 2013 * Assisted clients to establish best practices which meet their needs and addressed any prioritization issues.  * Provided substantive oversight to client-specific projects on a day-to-day basis.  * Effectively executed project forecasts and work schedules, provided application end user training to clients.  * Consistently delivered proactive communication with clients and served as point of escalation during issues.  * Upgraded the core Data Hosting Platform (Relativity) from version 7.5 to 8.  * Installed, configured, and managed Network Load Balancing for scalability and availability of web servers.  * Installed NAS storage; Maintained servers, databases, and performed database optimization and tuning.  * Setup Database Maintenance Plans to optimize, re-index, and updated statistics.  * Planned and scheduled backups and developed recovery procedures.  * Monitored SQL event logs, job logs, and backup/restore databases as required.  * Performed SQL Server Installation, migration of data across different databases and different servers. IT Database Administrator CSX Transportation - Jacksonville, FL November 2012 to February 2013 * Managed Data Hosting and Processing platforms, including databases.  * Assisted in upgrading Data Hosting Platform (Relativity) from version 7.3 to 7.4, tested 7.4 environment, and configured error notification.  * Provided end user training on how to efficiently use Data Hosting Platform (Relativity) to paralegals and outside councils. IT Database Consultant Evidence Exchange - New York, NY May 2011 to October 2012 * Assisted in upgrading Data Hosting Platform (Relativity) from version 6.10 to 7.4; Upgraded agent server.  * Created custom functions in SQL to parse alphabets and special character to create client reports.  * Maintained existing reports and custom reports, analyzed data, and designed new reports to meet client requirements.  * Developed and deployed Event Handlers to apply business rules on the application objects.  * Installed and maintained SQL Server 2008, created users, assigned permissions, created links to front end application.  * Created and migrated Databases, Tables, Views, Indexes, Keys, Stored Procedures, Cursors, Triggers, functions.  * Configured report server and SSRS, deployed reports on reporting server and SharePoint.  * Designed and developed an application in VB.net integrating with SQL database to remove unnecessary documents. Data Analyst RVM Inc - New York, NY July 2010 to April 2011 * Defined protocols and best practices in the areas of processing, filtering, and culling the electronically stored information within firm and by the client.  * Analyzed data by writing SQL queries to identify exclusionary items to meet case requirements.  * Provided data validation and quality assurance of load data, extract data and image files from vendors into litigation support software applications and SQL database.  * Created tables, indexes, views and stored procedures; data migration, data mapping, data restoration.  * Developed SQL queries to retrieve, update, delete, and insert data into tables to analyze and generate reports. Education Master of Science in Information Systems Pace University - White Plains, NY May 2010 Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science Osmania University - Hyderabad, Telangana June 2007 E. Gorton High School - Yonkers, NY June 2001 Skills Ms access, Sql server, Sql, Sharepoint, Ssrs, HTML, Linux, XML, Cloud Computing, Python, Hive, Hadoop, Pig, NoSQL, Kubernetes, Docker, Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud Certifications/Licenses AWS Solution Architect - Associate August 2018 to August 2020
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1242.html#272:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Production Support Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Database (6 years);databases (6 years);Oracle (6 years);RMAN (6 years);sql (6 years):::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - HCA HEALTH • Oracle Database Administrator over 6+ years of experience with strong emphasis on delivering world-class solutions across corporate  • Mainly Oracle Database Administration experience including Oracle Exadata, Oracle Enterprise Manager Cloud Control 12c & 13c Release 2 (12.1.0.2), 11gR2 RAC on LINUX and Sun Solaris, Installation, Upgrading, Patching, sizing, creating Oracle Databases, and Oracle database Objects, data migrations, Troubleshooting, Performance & Tuning, Backup & Recovery, and Database integrity and Security.  • Experience in TDE(Transparent Data Encryption) in both 11g wallet and 12C Keystore.  • DBA and well versed with SQA(Software quality assurance) life cycle, requirement gathering, deploying test cases development, also with Oracle EBS(E-Business Suite).  • Hands on experience in Oracle 9i, 10g, 11g and 12c RAC implementation & administration (Oracle Clusterware setup and configuration, RAC installation using ASM, Grid Installation)  • Good experience in RAC Clusterware administration, Configuration and Patching Performing day-to-day database administration tasks like SRVCTL,CRSCTL ASMCMD,CELLCLI, TFA, ADRI ,FAN and dcli  • Extensive experience designing and implementing backup and recovery strategy for databases using Recovery Manager (RMAN).  • Experience with various database Backup and Recovery methods like PITR, TSPITR, Export/Import and Flashback Technologies.  • Experience in the field of Database Technology with experience in designing, developing implementing Databases.  • Have ample knowledge in implementing policies, and procedures for disaster recovery and archival processing to ensure data protection.  • Expert in delivering Oracle Database performance-tuning services for customers with EXPLAIN PLAN, TKPROF, STATSPACK, SQL TRACE, ORADEBUG, 11g OEM Grid monitoring custom scripts troubleshooting oracle databases using SQL trace utilities.  • Experience with SQL coding including DDL, DML and fine tuning those sql's for better performance.  • Good knowledge v$ performance views and command line skills to identify information about sessions, wait events, system performance etc  • Involved in tuning applications for optimal response time using SQL /Optimizer Trace at various levels and events, Explain Plan, TKprof, or debug and also identifying the poor SQL's, histograms, row chaining & row migrations and tune accordingly.  • Exposure to SQL Tuning Advisor, SQL Profiles, SQL Monitoring, SQL Access Advisor, SQL Baselines and SQLTXTRACT tools and utilities.  • Applying Patches, Critical Patch Update/Patch Set update and One-off Patches using OPatch. Experience in patching RAC databases in rolling fashion to maintain high availability.  • Extensive experience in designing Logical and Physical data models for new developments using ERwin modeler.  • Experience in using 11g features Flash-Back Recovery, Data Pump, AWR, ASM, ADDM, ASH, Recycle Bin, 11g&12c Grid Monitoring.  • Skilled in cross platform migrations from Windows to Linux, Solaris, HP and AIX unix  • Excellent Experience in installing and maintaining Oracle Dataguard to implement physical Standby Databases for Disaster Recovery.  • Proficient in setting up Standby Database using shell scripts and RMAN utility tool, activating and Re-building Standby Databases both Physical and Logical supported by DATAGUARD.  • Migrated databases from Non-ASM file system to ASM file system using RMAN.    • Expertise in Configuring RMAN with Catalog /No catalog and worked on Point-In-Time Recovery and flashback.  • Plugging the tablespace between different platforms using Cross platform transportable tablespace Utility.  • Collecting performance statistics using Statspack/AWR (Automatic Workload Repository) and ADDM (Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor).  • Used TKPROF utility and Explain Plan for tuning SQL queries.  • Experience in regular DBA activities such as Upgrades, Patches, TAR support, Cloning, Backups and Recovery Manager, Performance Tuning, Capacity Planning and documentation  • Excellent analytical, problem solving, communication and interpersonal skills Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator HCA HEALTH - Nashville, TN June 2017 to Present • Support many databases running Oracle 10g, 11g & 12.2.0.1 on Standalones & Exadata environment ,running on X6s with the use of Cloud Control 12C in monitoring.  • Create documentation to support the business and satisfy regulatory requirements.  • Plan and execute disaster recovery for company production systems.  • Research and solve Oracle with Oracle Support.  • Provide senior level DBA support for applications, including developing data migration scripts, data validation queries, and a maintenance plan for the various development versions of these applications.  • Provide documentation and support for all aspects of maintenance and development.  • Work with application development team staff to develop & test database architecture and approve all production schema changes.  • Manage movement of data between Dev,Test. UAT and Production.  • Tune database instances and applications and recommend changes to improve database performance.  • Migration of data from sql-server to Oracle12C.  • Plan and implement backup and recovery strategy and write scripts to do nightly RMAN backup.  • Installed, patched, and managed Oracle Database versions 11g on Red Hat Linux  • Able to resolve the performance issue in database 12c using full database caching and In-Memory Aggregation features.  • Hand on experience in cloning the non-multitenant container database to pluggable database in 12c using the PDB Metadata clone, PDB Remote Clone and PDB Snapshot cloning feature.  • Have implemented two type of standby databases supported by Data Guard, logical standby and physical standby databases in 11gR2  • Having hands on experience in Hot/Cold Backup, Recovery and Cloning of databases using RMAN with VERITAS Net Backup.  • Implemented Active Data guard, creating both Logical and Physical Standby databases in 10g,11gRAC & 12C environment for the Production databases.  • Experiencing in Installing OEM 12c and 13c Cloud Control and upgrading the 11g management agents to 12c agents.  • Implemented Golden Gate in moving large volumes of transactional data, with minimal impact to online systems.  • Cloning/duplicate of database with RMAN and user-managed (hot/cold) backups.  • Migration of databases to 12C from Oracle 10g&11g.  • Implemented and maintained Oracle 11g Data Guard/standby databases for fail-over purposes.  • Also, worked on Network data encryption to improve the security and implemented SSL wallet to secure the connections.  • Migrated OLAP databases close to 8TB with minimal downtime using GoldenGate and verified data integrity using Goldengate Veridata tool for Linux 3 Node RAC.  • Database Services creation for distributing the applications across multiple nodes, extensively used all command line utilities SRVCTL, CRSCTL, ADR, ASMCMD,  • Partitioned tables Maintenance, adding new partitions, exchanging one year old partitions then archiving of the exchanged partitions, dropping or truncating of old portions.  • Implemented Range,list and interval Partitioning for monthly partitioning of large tables.  • Developed RMAN Backup strategies for cloning the test databases with the production environment and worked on RMAN active-active duplication.  • Experience with Logical backups EXPDP/IMPDP and extensively used for Re-hosting the application using Golden Gate and worked with conventional EXP/IMP for migrating data from 9i to 10G.  • Scheduled RMAN backups, purge jobs, Maintenance Jobs using DBMS_JOBS, DBMS_SCHEDULER, Crontab.  • Designed and implemented different backup strategies like Cold, Hot, MAN with Flash Recovery Area and Logical Backups EXPDP/IMPDP.  • Handled Chained Rows and Row migration, and solved the database performance issues.  • Experienced with ASM, adding, deleting disks to the disk group.  • Supported development teams for all the database related issues and handled the critical issues like network failures and ASM DISK group errors.  • Generated Statspack/AWR reports using OEM 12C from Oracle 11g database and analysed the reports for Oracle wait events, time consuming SQL queries, tablespace growth, database growth.  • Used Explain Plan, Oracle hints and creation of new indexes to improve the performance of SQL statements. Involved in SQL Query tuning and provided tuning recommendations to Application jobs, time/CPU consuming queries  • Coordinated maintenane activities including shutdown and startup of db's and ec2 instances  • Completed RDS backups before and after maintenance activies including upgrades and patching  • Tools Used: Oracle RMAN, Oracle 11g (11. 2.0.2), DBMS STATS, Datapump, SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN Oracle Database Administrator DOLLAR GENERAL - Goodlettsville, TN April 2016 to June 2017 • Supported 6 Node Exadata on X4s from Development, Test, UAT to Production environments, involving daily configuration, administration, all running on Red Hat Linux 6.5. Database sizes range from 500GB to 7TB (in MANHATTAN,ODS & FIN,OC11,SCI & EDW environments).  • Both tables and schemas refreshing using Datapump, expdp and impdp.  • Database refreshed using expdp, impdp, RMAN Duplicate and cloning.  • Used RMAN Duplicate and EXPORT/IMPORT data from 9i to 11.2.0.4.  • Created a standby database by using RMAN Duplicate in order to reduce the down time for the PROD database during the migration process.  • Planned Backup/Restoration Strategy, Planning and scheduling Backups, taking Logical Backups (with Export/Import Data pump utilities).  • Installation of oracle enterprise manager 12c, oracle management repository and deployed agents.  • Managed agents using emctl utility and creating incident rules in enterprise manager 12c.  • Configuring administration groups, and creating template collections in oem 12c.  • Performed SQL and PL/SQL tuning, oracle contention and monitored production database using automatic workload repository (AWR), automatic database diagnostic monitor (ADDM) and Active Session History (ASH).  • Worked closely with the Oracle developers for the better performance in Applications, in writing the Packages, Triggers and Indexes on the tables.  • Used Secure SCP & FTP extensively for the File transfers from machines to remote server.  • Cloning & duplicating databases using scripts as well as RMAN for test and developments instances.  • SQL tuning and Database performance tuning has been done based on reports generated by SQL Trace, TKPROF, STATSPACK, Explain Plan, AWR, ADDM and monitor the database performance on daily basis.  • Responsible for setup and implementation of 2 Node RAC on Linux in 11g R2.  • Implemented Dataguard, creating both logical and physical standby databases in 10g and 11g RAC environment for production database.  • Worked closely with Systems Analysts, Systems Engineers/Admins & Application Developers through the SDLC from Development to Production, via Tech-Test in Needs Assessment, Requirements Gathering (Server hardware/OS specifications for Oracle Installs), Database Designing (Physical & Logical) and Implementation, database user creation and database access both at role & table levels, as well as final Project Performance Assessment/Evaluation.  • Created database Objects, Tablespaces, Schemas as needed.  • Database refresh from Production to dev, test and uat. Oracle Production Support Database Administrator AVAYA GOVERNMENT SOLUTIONS - Fairfax, VA April 2014 to April 2016 • Cloned/Migrated databases using RMAN and traditional Datapump export/import utilities in Oracle 10gR2.  • Implemented recovery strategies whenever required and successfully recovered databases in case database crash, media/disk failures by using RMAN.  • Scheduling the Physical backups (hot & cold) in CRON tab using RMAN utility and monitoring the scheduled jobs.  • Worked on Installation and maintenance of Oracle 11g, 12C RAC databases including Golden gate, ASM and CRS.  • Responsible for Creating Users, Groups, Roles, Profiles and assigning the users to groups and grant necessary privileges to the relevant groups.  • Used SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN utilities for optimizing and tuning SQL queries.  • Maintained the data integrity and security using integrity constraints and database triggers.  • Provided 24X7 support for all the production and development databases.  • Strong skills in applying security patches (Patch set, Critical Patch Updates (CPU) / Patch Set Updates (PSU), One-off Patch) using "runInstaller" and perl based utility "opatch".  • Highly experienced in implementing Oracle's Transportable Tablespace (TTS) feature using Datapump Export/Import (Oracle 11g, 10g) allowing users to quickly move a user Tablespace across Oracle databases.  • Expertise in implementing data refreshes (at database, schema & table level) using RMAN utility and Datapump, conventional Export/Import of Oracle 11g, 10g.  • Performed Installation and configuration of Oracle 10.2.0.1 database on HP-UX platform.  • Successfully performed migrations from Oracle 9i/10g to 10gR2 RAC (Real Application) Database.  • Successfully upgraded the databases from 11g to non CDB 12c.  • Successfully migrated 12c Non CDB databases to pluggable databases.  • Created Oracle Wallets and implemented Tablespace level TDE security.  • Constantly monitor the performance (V$ dynamic performance views at peak load) of the Databases and viewing Alert log files & Trace files.  • Used to run scripts to check the status of databases such as growing table sizes, extent allocation, free space, used space, fragmentation etc.  • Performed space management, capacity planning, disaster recovery and overall maintenance of the databases.  • Created Physical Standby databases using RMAN with zero downtime, performed Failover and Switchover using Data Guard Broker and manually as and when required.  • Worked extensively with Physical Standby database, troubleshooting, switchover and switchback with Physical standby setup.  • Successfully performed data replication using Materialized views and Oracle Streams in Oracle 10gR2.  • Applied patches 10.2.0.2 and 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4.  • Tools Used: Oracle 10.2.0.1, HP-UX 11, Sun Solaris 10.0, Oracle Streams, RMAN, Datapump, SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN Oracle Database Administrator AutoZone - Memphis, TN March 2013 to April 2014 • Performed Installation and configuration of Oracle 11.2.0.4 database on Linux Vmware Servers  • Successfully performed migrations from Oracle 9i/10g to 11gR2 RAC (Real Application)  • Implemented Logical and Physical Standby Databases for RAC cluster on Sun Solaris platform using Data Guard feature of Oracle 11g R2.  • Responsible for Creating Users, Groups, Roles, Profiles and assigning the users to groups and grant necessary privileges to the relevant groups.  • Supported off-hour on call support for database related issues.  • Setup physical Active dataguard on Linux 6.5 , running Oracle11.2.0.4.  • Constantly monitor the performance (V$ dynamic performance views at peak load) of the Databases and viewing Alert log files & Trace files.  • Cloned/Migrated databases using RMAN and traditional Datapump export/import utilities in Oracle 11gR2.  • Implemented recovery strategies whenever required and successfully recovered databases in case database crash, media/disk failures by using RMAN.  • Scheduling the Physical backups (hot & cold) in CRON tab using RMAN utility and monitoring the scheduled jobs.  • Applied patches 11.2.0.3 and 11.2.0.4 DATA GUARD running on a 4 Node RAC  • Used to run the scripts to check the status of databases such as growing table sizes, extent allocation, free space, used space, fragmentation etc.  • Performed space management, capacity planning, disaster recovery and overall maintenance of the databases.  • Used SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN utilities for optimizing and tuning SQL queries.  • Maintained the data integrity and security using integrity constraints and database triggers.  • Provided 24X7 supports for all the production and development databases. Education BS in Environmental Science University of Buea June 2011 Skills Database (6 years), databases (6 years), Oracle (6 years), RMAN (6 years), sql (6 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Databases: Oracle 9i, 10g, 11g, 12c  Database Tools: Oracle (Oracle Enterprise Manager, SQL*Plus, SQL Loader, DB Configuration Assistant) Toad, OEM Grid, RMAN, SQL*Loader, Exp/Imp/Data Pump, Log miner, Statspack/AWR, DBCA, DBUA, ADDM, Oracle Migration Workbench, ERwin, Service now, Remedy  Operating Systems: MS Windows, UNIX (Solaris 8/9/10, AIX, HP-UX), LINUX  Hardware: Sun Fire 15K, Sun 6320 Storage, Sun Enterprise Servers 890/880/420/450, Sun StorEdge 6320, Hitachi, EMC, Dell Servers, Compaq Servers 6000/3000/1600/800, HP/UX-9000, Red Hat Linux 6.2
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1243.html#273:::SharePoint Developer;SharePoint Developer;SQL Database Administrator/DBA;QA Tester;JiRA , SSRS , SSIS:::SharePoint Developer SharePoint Developer SharePoint Developer - Harmony Tech, Inc Work Experience SharePoint Developer Harmony Tech, Inc - Vienna, VA July 2017 to Present Responsibilities:    • Involving in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle including requirements gathering, design, development, testing, implementation and postproduction support,  • Designing and developed new SharePoint Portal Site to improve collaboration among employee,  • Configuring web application, Created Site collections, Sites, Lists, Document Libraries, pages, Views to collaborate users,  • Conducted Inventory Audit Report to identify the contents before migration is done,    • Performing Import and Export operations to move content and migrate sites to a different site collection as per the reorganization requirement,  • Creating Top Level sites and site collections. Maintained a unique look and feel across the portal by using Master Pages, CSS and JavaScript,  • Designing, developing, and published InfoPath electronic forms and attached it with workflow.  • Designing custom workflow using SharePoint Designer and Nintex to automate business process.  • Developing solutions (Event Receivers and Visual web parts) using visual studio and deploying them using PowerShell,  • Using CSOM to access and manipulate SharePoint objects based on the business requirement,  • Using visual studio to develop, debug, package and deploy both sandbox and farm solutions,  • Using BCS services to connect SQL data and display it in List,  • Played key role in migration from SharePoint 2010/2013 to SharePoint Online and troubleshoot issues after Migration,  • Used third-party tools, Sharegate and Metalogix for migration,  • Post Clean Up work like changing connections for InfoPath forms after migration,  • Maintaining Active Directory users and groups for implementing security. SharePoint Developer Pragmatics Inc - Reston, VA February 2015 to March 2017 Involved in the process of migration from 2010 to 2013 (on premise to on premise),  • Deployed Site Collection and Sub-sites with company branding and uniform navigation using HTML, CSS and JavaScript,  • Designed and integrated Microsoft InfoPath forms with SharePoint form libraries and custom list,  • Implemented the overall look of SharePoint 2010 site, modifying out of the box Master Page,  • Deployed, and activated Features and maintained additional features using Visual Studio,  • Worked on SharePoint 2010 for developing a custom web part and deploying it to the intranet portal,  • Created electronic form using InfoPath Designer for project proposal project,  • Created SharePoint Permission Groups, Custom Permission level and give access to the group,  • Moved Network drive to SharePoint library using third party tool, Sharegate,  • Designed and implemented Dashboard functionality using Excel services by enabling/activating appropriate features and establishing data connection to SQL server.  • Created connectable Web Part using Visual Studio to display the project details classified by the Project Site and categorized to see the get report,  • Used data connections to retrieve and submit data to SharePoint lists, SQL server, and other sources. SQL Database Administrator/DBA Alexandria, VA April 2014 to November 2015 Responsibilities:  • Installed, Configured, and Managed SQL Server 2012, 2008 and 2008/R2,  • Implemented Data Migration using SQL Server Integration Service (SSIS),  • Used SQL Server Reporting Service (SSRS) to Generate Drilldown Report, Parametrized Report and Drill through and other reports,  • Installed a database software as new releases and patches are developed,  • Designed and created Stored procedure, Triggers, Indexes, user defined functions,  • Created database objects like creating Database, tables, constraints and views,  • Created Full, Differential, Transaction log and File Group backups & Restoring Databases including Point in- time - Restore Both in Automation and on Demand,  • Configured and monitored Database Mirroring, Log shipping, Designing and managing Replication Technology,  • Created Database snapshots for reporting purpose,  • Configured Database Mail, Creating Operators, Alerts and maintenance Plan,  • Created Windows and standard Login, Server Roles, User Mappings to Fixed Database role,  • Created custom Database Role and Server and Database level Auditing,  • Performed ETL (Extract, Transform and Load ) to fetch data from various sources to the database using SQL server Integration Service (SSIS), QA Tester Cabin John IT Consulting LLC February 2013 to March 2014 Responsibilities:    • Participated in Requirement and design review meeting with Business Analysts and QA manager.  • Studied Requirement document, important functionalities, and new features to be implemented  • Actively involved in preparing Test Plans, wrote test cases, and prepared other test report as well as documenting.  • Performed Smoke Testing, Integration Testing, Regression Testing and Backend Testing on various platforms and different versions of the application.  • Performed back-end testing of to check the data in the UI and in the database are matching.  • Using JIRA reported software defects, fixed, closed and reopen the defects when necessary.  • Generated the test execution report in Quality Center to be reviewed by the QA Manager and development team. Education B.S. in Computer Science Addis Ababa University - Addis Ababa, ET October 2006 to June 2008 Associate Degree in Accounting in Accounting Addis Ababa University Commercial College - Addis Ababa, ET September 2004 to July 2005 Skills JiRA , SSRS , SSIS
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1244.html#274:::Database Administrator;Tier II Software Support Analyst;Software Support Analyst;Highly proficient at the implementation and support of software.;Adept at learning and quickly mastering software.;Familiar with SQL Server, MS Access, MySQL and InterSystem Cache.;Experienced with creating SQL queries.;Comfortable creating reports from a wide range of data sources.;Ability to perform intermediate troubleshooting of hardware and network issues.;Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills.;Sql Server;DBA;Sql Dba;SQL;DB2;MYSQL;Sql Database;ETL:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Nashville, TN ~7 years of IT experience, including 2+ years as a database administrator. Excels at collaborating in a cross-functional environment with fluid priorities. Experienced at working on data initiatives at all stages from gathering requirements to development and testing to implementing and supporting. Outstanding communication skills, leadership ability, and customer service aptitude. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Administrator PESG Educational Staffing Solutions - Nashville, TN January 2017 to Present ? Developed and debugged Transact-SQL queries, views, stored procedures, functions, and reports to identify and resolve errors.  ? Established new databases, monitoring performance and synchronization and tuning as needed.   ? Provided Tier 3 back-end software support.  ? Managed databases by repairing tables, manually and automatically maintaining records, and monitoring data backup and recovery.  ? Administered SQL Server and MySQL environments, syncing legacy databases with the current environment and automating the process for importing vendors’ data.  ? Audited database stored transactions, creating reports in Visual Studio and SSRS. Tier II Software Support Analyst Common Cents Systems - Nashville, TN December 2015 to October 2016 ? Fielded and resolved customers’ support tickets within the laboratory information management system, integrating with site instrumentation and applications.  ? Captured the process to resolve issues in Knowledge Base articles.  ? Gathered customer report requirements and created customer reports base on those criteria. Software Support Analyst GeoConex Corporation - Knoxville, TN September 2013 to December 2015 ? Collected and converted customer GIS vector data and features, using Python and ArcGIS server.  ? Defined quality standards for upgrading software and managing database schema changes.  ? Created and maintained complex ad hoc reports with stored procedures and views in SQL Server.  ? Provided remote and on-site technical assistance for hardware, network, and software issues.  ? Analyzed software issues, documenting bugs for escalation and testing / verifying fixes. Education A.A.S. in Computer Programming Technology Meridian Community College - Meridian, MS 2010 to 2012 Skills Highly proficient at the implementation and support of software., Adept at learning and quickly mastering software., Familiar with SQL Server, MS Access, MySQL and InterSystem Cache., Experienced with creating SQL queries., Comfortable creating reports from a wide range of data sources., Ability to perform intermediate troubleshooting of hardware and network issues., Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills., Sql Server, DBA, Sql Dba, SQL, DB2, MYSQL, Sql Database, ETL Links http://ryanhanlin.info
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1245.html#275:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Production Support Database Administrator;Database (6 years);databases (6 years);Oracle (6 years);Rman (6 years);sql (6 years):::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - Zimmer Biomet Inc Indianapolis, IN • Oracle Database Administrator over 6+ years of experience with strong emphasis on delivering world-class solutions across corporate  • Mainly Oracle Database Administration experience including Oracle Exadata, Oracle Enterprise Manager Cloud Control 12c & 13c Release 2 (12.1.0.2), 11gR2 RAC on LINUX and Sun Solaris, Installation, Upgrading, Patching, sizing, creating Oracle Databases, and Oracle database Objects, data migrations, Troubleshooting, Performance & Tuning, Backup & Recovery, and Database integrity and Security.  • Experience in TDE(Transparent Data Encryption) in both 11g wallet and 12C Keystore.  • DBA and well versed with SQA(Software quality assurance) life cycle, requirement gathering, deploying test cases development, also with Oracle EBS(E-Business Suite).  • Hands on experience in Oracle 9i, 10g, 11g and 12c RAC implementation & administration (Oracle Clusterware setup and configuration, RAC installation using ASM, Grid Installation)  • Good experience in RAC Clusterware administration, Configuration and Patching Performing day-to-day database administration tasks like SRVCTL,CRSCTL ASMCMD,CELLCLI and dcli  • Extensive experience designing and implementing backup and recovery strategy for databases using Recovery Manager (RMAN).  • Experience with various database Backup and Recovery methods like PITR, TSPITR, Export/Import and Flashback Technologies.  • Experience in the field of Database Technology with experience in designing, developing implementing Databases.  • Have ample knowledge in implementing policies, and procedures for disaster recovery and archival processing to ensure data protection.  • Expert in delivering Oracle Database performance-tuning services for customers with EXPLAIN PLAN, TKPROF, STATSPACK, SQL TRACE, ORADEBUG, 11g OEM Grid monitoring custom scripts troubleshooting oracle databases using SQL trace utilities.  • Experience with SQL coding including DDL, DML and fine tuning those sql's for better performance.  • Good knowledge v$ performance views and command line skills to identify information about sessions, wait events, system performance etc  • Involved in tuning applications for optimal response time using SQL /Optimizer Trace at various levels and events, Explain Plan, TKprof, or debug and also identifying the poor SQL's, histograms, row chaining & row migrations and tune accordingly.  • Exposure to SQL Tuning Advisor, SQL Profiles, SQL Monitoring, SQL Access Advisor, SQL Baselines and SQLTXTRACT tools and utilities.  • Applying Patches, Critical Patch Update/Patch Set update and One-off Patches using OPatch. Experience in patching RAC databases in rolling fashion to maintain high availability.  • Extensive experience in designing Logical and Physical data models for new developments using ERwin modeler.  • Experience in using 11g features Flash-Back Recovery, Data Pump, AWR, ASM, ADDM, ASH, Recycle Bin, 11g&12c Grid Monitoring.  • Skilled in cross platform migrations from Windows to Linux, Solaris, HP and AIX unix  • Excellent Experience in installing and maintaining Oracle Dataguard to implement physical Standby Databases for Disaster Recovery.  • Proficient in setting up Standby Database using shell scripts and RMAN utility tool, activating and Re-building Standby Databases both Physical and Logical supported by DATAGUARD.  • Migrated databases from Non-ASM file system to ASM file system using RMAN.    • Expertise in Configuring RMAN with Catalog /No catalog and worked on Point-In-Time Recovery and flashback.  • Plugging the tablespace between different platforms using Cross platform transportable tablespace Utility.  • Collecting performance statistics using Statspack/AWR (Automatic Workload Repository) and ADDM (Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor).  • Used TKPROF utility and Explain Plan for tuning SQL queries.  • Experience in regular DBA activities such as Upgrades, Patches, TAR support, Cloning, Backups and Recovery Manager, Performance Tuning, Capacity Planning and documentation  • Excellent analytical, problem solving, communication and interpersonal skills Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Zimmer Biomet Inc - Warsaw, IN June 2017 to Present • Support many databases running Oracle 11g & 12.2.0.1 on Standalones & Exadata environment ,running on X6s with the use of Cloud Control 12C in monitoring.  • Create documentation to support the business and satisfy regulatory requirements.  • Plan and execute disaster recovery for company production systems.  • Research and solve Oracle with Oracle Support.  • Provide senior level DBA support for applications, including developing data migration scripts, data validation queries, and a maintenance plan for the various development versions of these applications.  • Provide documentation and support for all aspects of maintenance and development.  • Work with application development team staff to develop & test database architecture and approve all production schema changes.  • Manage movement of data between Dev,Test. UAT and Production.  • Tune database instances and applications and recommend changes to improve database performance.  • Migration of data from sql-server to Oracle12C.  • Plan and implement backup and recovery strategy and write scripts to do nightly RMAN backup.  • Installed, patched, and managed Oracle Database versions 11g on Red Hat Linux  • Able to resolve the performance issue in database 12c using full database caching and In-Memory Aggregation features.  • Hand on experience in cloning the non-multitenant container database to pluggable database in 12c using the PDB Metadata clone, PDB Remote Clone and PDB Snapshot cloning feature.  • Have implemented two type of standby databases supported by Data Guard, logical standby and physical standby databases in 11gR2  • Having hands on experience in Hot/Cold Backup, Recovery and Cloning of databases using RMAN with VERITAS Net Backup.  • Implemented Active Data guard, creating both Logical and Physical Standby databases in 10g,11gRAC & 12C environment for the Production databases.  • Experiencing in Installing OEM 12c and 13c Cloud Control and upgrading the 11g management agents to 12c agents.  • Implemented Golden Gate in moving large volumes of transactional data, with minimal impact to online systems.  • Cloning/duplicate of database with RMAN and user-managed (hot/cold) backups.  • Migration of databases to 12C from Oracle 10g&11g.  • Implemented and maintained Oracle 11g Data Guard/standby databases for fail-over purposes.  • Also, worked on Network data encryption to improve the security and implemented SSL wallet to secure the connections.  • Migrated OLAP databases close to 8TB with minimal downtime using GoldenGate and verified data integrity using Goldengate Veridata tool for Linux 3 Node RAC.  • Database Services creation for distributing the applications across multiple nodes, extensively used all command line utilities SRVCTL, CRSCTL, ADR, ASMCMD,  • Partitioned tables Maintenance, adding new partitions, exchanging one year old partitions then archiving of the exchanged partitions, dropping or truncating of old portions.  • Implemented Range,list and interval Partitioning for monthly partitioning of large tables.  • Developed RMAN Backup strategies for cloning the test databases with the production environment and worked on RMAN active-active duplication.  • Experience with Logical backups EXPDP/IMPDP and extensively used for Re-hosting the application using Golden Gate and worked with conventional EXP/IMP for migrating data from 9i to 10G.  • Scheduled RMAN backups, purge jobs, Maintenance Jobs using DBMS_JOBS, DBMS_SCHEDULER, Crontab.  • Designed and implemented different backup strategies like Cold, Hot, MAN with Flash Recovery Area and Logical Backups EXPDP/IMPDP.  • Handled Chained Rows and Row migration, and solved the database performance issues.  • Experienced with ASM, adding, deleting disks to the disk group.  • Supported development teams for all the database related issues and handled the critical issues like network failures and ASM DISK group errors.  • Generated Statspack/AWR reports using OEM 12C from Oracle 11g database and analysed the reports for Oracle wait events, time consuming SQL queries, tablespace growth, database growth.  • Used Explain Plan, Oracle hints and creation of new indexes to improve the performance of SQL statements. Involved in SQL Query tuning and provided tuning recommendations to Application jobs, time/CPU consuming queries  • Coordinated maintenane activities including shutdown and startup of db's and ec2 instances  • Completed RDS backups before and after maintenance activities including upgrades and patching  • Tools Used: Oracle RMAN, Oracle 11g (11. 2.0.2), DBMS STATS, Datapump, SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN Oracle Database Administrator Kindred Healthcare April 2016 to June 2017 • DBA supported 6 Node Exadata on X4s from Development, Test, UAT to Production environments, involving daily configuration, administration, all running on Red Hat Linux 6.5. Database sizes range from 500GB to 7TB (in MANHATTAN,ODS & FIN,OC11,SCI & EDW environments).  • Both tables and schemas refreshes using Datapump, expdp and impdp.  • Database refreshed using expdp, impdp, RMAN Duplicate and cloning.  • Used RMAN Duplicate and EXPORT/IMPORT data from 9i to 11.2.0.4.  • Created a standby database by using RMAN Duplicate in order to reduce the down time for the PROD database during the migration process.  • Planned Backup/Restoration Strategy, Planning and scheduling Backups, taking Logical Backups (with Export/Import Data pump utilities).  • Installation of oracle enterprise manager 12c, oracle management repository and deployed agents.  • Managed agents using emctl utility and creating incident rules in enterprise manager 12c.  • Configuring administration groups, and creating template collections in oem 12c.  • Performed SQL and PL/SQL tuning, oracle contention and monitored production database using automatic workload repository (AWR), automatic database diagnostic monitor (ADDM) and Active Session History (ASH).  • Worked closely with the Oracle developers for the better performance in Applications, in writing the Packages, Triggers and Indexes on the tables.  • Used Secure SCP & FTP extensively for the File transfers from machines to remote server.  • Cloning & duplicating databases using scripts as well as RMAN for test and developments instances.  • SQL tuning and Database performance tuning has been done based on reports generated by SQL Trace, TKPROF, STATSPACK, Explain Plan, AWR, ADDM and monitor the database performance on daily basis.  • Responsible for setup and implementation of 2 Node RAC on Linux in 11g R2.  • Implemented Dataguard, creating both logical and physical standby databases in 10g and 11g RAC environment for production database.  • Worked closely with Systems Analysts, Systems Engineers/Admins & Application Developers through the SDLC from Development to Production, via Tech-Test in Needs Assessment, Requirements Gathering (Server hardware/OS specifications for Oracle Installs), Database Designing (Physical & Logical) and Implementation, database user creation and database access both at role & table levels, as well as final Project Performance Assessment/Evaluation.  • Created database Objects, Tablespaces, Schemas as needed.  • Database refresh from Production to dev, test and uat. Oracle Production Support Database Administrator FINISHLINE, Inc - Indianapolis, IN, US March 2013 to April 2016 • Cloned/Migrated databases using RMAN and traditional Datapump export/import utilities in Oracle 10gR2.  • Implemented recovery strategies whenever required and successfully recovered databases in case database crash, media/disk failures by using RMAN.  • Scheduling the Physical backups (hot & cold) in CRON tab using RMAN utility and monitoring the scheduled jobs.  • Worked on Installation and maintenance of Oracle 11g, 12C RAC databases including Golden gate, ASM and CRS.  • Responsible for Creating Users, Groups, Roles, Profiles and assigning the users to groups and grant necessary privileges to the relevant groups.  • Used SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN utilities for optimizing and tuning SQL queries.  • Maintained the data integrity and security using integrity constraints and database triggers.  • Provided 24X7 support for all the production and development databases.  • Strong skills in applying security patches (Patch set, Critical Patch Updates (CPU) / Patch Set Updates (PSU), One-off Patch) using "runInstaller" and perl based utility "opatch".  • Highly experienced in implementing Oracle's Transportable Tablespace (TTS) feature using Datapump Export/Import (Oracle 11g, 10g) allowing users to quickly move a user Tablespace across Oracle databases.  • Expertise in implementing data refreshes (at database, schema & table level) using RMAN utility and Datapump, conventional Export/Import of Oracle 11g, 10g.  • Performed Installation and configuration of Oracle 10.2.0.1 database on HP-UX platform.  • Successfully performed migrations from Oracle 9i/10g to 10gR2 RAC (Real Application) Database.  • Successfully upgraded the databases from 11g to non CDB 12c.  • Successfully migrated 12c Non CDB databases to pluggable databases.  • Created Oracle Wallets and implemented Tablespace level TDE security.  • Constantly monitor the performance (V$ dynamic performance views at peak load) of the Databases and viewing Alert log files & Trace files.  • Used to run scripts to check the status of databases such as growing table sizes, extent allocation, free space, used space, fragmentation etc.  • Performed space management, capacity planning, disaster recovery and overall maintenance of the databases.  • Created Physical Standby databases using RMAN with zero downtime, performed Failover and Switchover using Data Guard Broker and manually as and when required.  • Worked extensively with Physical Standby database, troubleshooting, switchover and switchback with Physical standby setup.  • Successfully performed data replication using Materialized views and Oracle Streams in Oracle 10gR2.  • Applied patches 10.2.0.2 and 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4.  • Tools Used: Oracle 10.2.0.1, HP-UX 11, Sun Solaris 10.0, Oracle Streams, RMAN, Datapump, SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN Education BS Miami University May 2019 Skills Database (6 years), databases (6 years), Oracle (6 years), Rman (6 years), sql (6 years)
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1246.html#276:::Scrum Master;Scrum Master;Oracle database administrator;Junior Oracle Database Administrator;Jira;Rally;Training;Offshore;Problem-solving;Kanban;Agile Scrum;CSM;Certified Scrum Master;Scrum Master;Scrum:::Scrum Master Scrum Master Scrum Master - AT&T Landover Hills, MD Work Experience Scrum Master AT&T - Cincinnati, OH June 2016 to Present Introduced Scrum and Agile practices as first ever Scrum Master for consumer infrastructure team by facilitating education and change management to new systems and workflows. Reinvented professional environment to create positive and engaging atmosphere with dedication to performance and efficiency in cross-functional environment.  Selected Accomplishments:  ? Increased development team participation in daily scrums from 70% to 100% within 1 month while also boosting team morale and collaboration through education, resulting in 10% increase in efficiency and velocity.  ? Defined all-new internal practices and procedures to streamline workflows and increase productivity while improving job satisfaction of employees. Communicated with team to tailor Scrum approach effectively.  ? Worked with Product Owner and project team to clearly define product roadmaps, review changes and updates to roadmap as well as ensuring top 5 Epics are identified in readiness for PI Planning.    Key Responsibilities:  * Dynamically adapted and enforced Scrum practices to manage change to new norms throughout team. Identified and resolved impediments to success by working collaboratively with team and driving intelligent solutions.  * Evaluated sprint retrospectives to identify actionable insights to be used in further refining future sprints. Continuously explored new methods for improving team performance and efficiency.  * Effectively communicated client IT needs to facilitate rapid and effective delivery of infrastructure-based projects of varying scopes and scales. Collected user stories to create detailed schedules and priorities.  * Coordinated in multidisciplinary environment to align priorities and productivity of team, developers, and product owners. Strategized approach to projects and sprints in order to eliminate obstructions proactively.  * Worked closely with senior management to advocate for team and developers while providing insights and training on Scrum principles in order to facilitate top-to-bottom comprehension of practices and methods. Scrum Master Zenith Insurance Inc January 2015 to April 2016 Provided remote and onsite governance of Scrum processes as first Scum Master in company. Spearheaded introduction of Scrum to company by educating key internal stakeholders on importance of Scrum in accordance with company's overarching business objectives. Adapted Scrum practices to improve outcomes in diverse, client-centric projects.  Selected Accomplishments, Zenith Insurance Inc.:  ? Significantly increased performance and efficacy of team in addressing client needs regarding risk management for insurance organization. Reduced time requirements through tailored application of Agile practices.    Key Responsibilities:  * Organized and successfully executed all sprint ceremonies within a 6-month period by bringing teams and stakeholders together through professional and engaging interpersonal relationship management abilities.  * Increased development team morale significantly through expert training and management abilities, thereby creating notable increases in metrics-based performance.  * Continuously adapted Scrum and Agile methods to internal needs and uses in order to optimize company practices and ensure optimal outcomes for clients when providing multifaceted analysis and recommendations on risk.  * Worked collaboratively with development team to understand impediments and provide constructive guidance on resolution. Mentored team in order to provide training in problem areas, creating critical new competencies.  * Adapted to needs of individual projects in diverse environments in order to tailor and streamline processes and ensure timely completion of projects. Oracle database administrator International Finance Corporation - Washington, DC November 2012 to November 2014 Support databases ranging from 300 gigabytes to 27 terabytes. Perform root cause analysis on failures. Resolve performance tuning related issues, reports, and queries. Focus on databases security through Transparent Data Encryption. Perform frequent backups and implements recovery protocols as needed.  • Handle back end database configuration and provide the full database tier support.  • Assist with managing database size and scalability.  • Provide information by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing database performance and trends.  • Assist in the testing of database hardware and software upgrades.  • Import/export of database, schema, objects, DDL.  • Apply Oracle Advanced Security using Oracle Wallet for data encryption.  • Oracle patch management install and upgrade.  • Physical backup using RMAN, logical backup using Data Pump.  • Use OEM to manage multiple instances.  • Database migration of schemas, data, and structure from one platform to another.  • Daily and weekly system and database server maintenance such as cleaning old archives, monitoring alert logs, trace file and application logs.  • Granting privileges to users to access systems and databases.  • Project management Junior Oracle Database Administrator Fresenius Medical Care - Washington, DC March 2011 to October 2012 Managed Oracle database administration assignments for diverse clients, enhanced database performance, performed database tuning and frequent system backups, implemented and updated recovery procedures as needed.  • Monitored and tuned databases to provide optimal performance and recovery.  • Performed identity and access management functions such as setup users, roles, and privileges.  • Performed databases migration/upgrades and patch management.  • Created architecture documents for accreditation, defined hardware, software and storage requirements, and provide input for project plans.  • Evaluated, configured DBMS products to match user requirements with system capabilities.  • Deployed database objects/changes to different environments. Education LLM in International Business Howard University - Washington, DC 2011 Bachelor of Science in Private International Law in Private International Law University of Yaounde II Soa 2002 Skills Jira, Rally, Training, Offshore, Problem-solving, Kanban, Agile Scrum, CSM, Certified Scrum Master, Scrum Master, Scrum Additional Information Areas of Expertise  * Proactive Problem-Solving Skills  * Scrum, Kanban, XP, SAFe  * Co-located, Distributed & Offshore Environments.    * Team Leadership  * Training & Education  * Project Management    * Agile Transformation  * Business Objectives  * JIRA, RTC & Rally
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1247.html#277:::Database Administrator;Database Administrator;Database Administrator;Junior Database Administrator;Audit (Less than 1 year);BI (Less than 1 year);BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE (Less than 1 year);Database (7 years);Database Administration (Less than 1 year);DHCP (Less than 1 year);DNS (Less than 1 year);ETL (Less than 1 year);EXTRACT, TRANSFORM, AND LOAD (Less than 1 year);FTP (Less than 1 year);Hyper-V. (Less than 1 year);MICROSOFT SSRS (2 years);MS-SQL Server (7 years);MS SQL Server 2012 (Less than 1 year);SMTP. (Less than 1 year);SNMP (Less than 1 year);SQL (7 years);SQL Server (7 years);SQL Server 2012 (2 years);SSRS (2 years);Sql Dba;DBA:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator - Adilas Tech Dallas, TX ? Over five (5) years of extensive IT experience in Database Administration and Development.  ? Experience in working with Windows operating systems.  ? Extensive experience in installing, configuring, maintaining and of administering SQL Server 2008r2, 2014 and 2017 databases.  ? Excellent knowledge of relational database management.  ? Exceptional ability in Database Administration on Production Servers with server configuration, execution tuning and support with exceptional investigating capacities.  ? Ability to install and configured SSIS and SSRS.  ? Superb technical background alongside the capacity to perform business analysis and compose effective documentation and details.  ? Solid knowledge on stored procedures, Indexed views, User Defined Functions (UDL), Triggers Distributed Queries and Common Table Expressions.  ? Remarkable capacity to execute SQL Server security and article consent, such as maintaining creation of users, configuring permissions database authentication modes and assigning roles of users.  ? Ability to install, configure and maintain personal computers, networks and related hardware and software.  ? Aptitude to quickly learn and master new technologies; successful working in both team and self-directed settings.  ? Innovative, detail-oriented, critical thinker, self-starter and initiative-driven individual who possesses strong work ethic.  ? Ability of applying root-cause analysis. Problem-solving capability paired with strong communication skills.  ? Bilingual: Fluent in English, Arabic and Amharic. Work Experience Database Administrator Adilas Tech - Alexandria, VA January 2019 to Present Manage and maintain SQL Server 2008r2,2012, 2014 and 2016 database servers.  ? Migrate SQL server 2008 to 2014 by using Microsoft Windows Server 2014 Enterprise Edition.  ? Migrate data from Excel, to Microsoft SQL, extract, transform and load data using Microsoft SQL Server SSIS.  ? Create, review and implement maintenance plans on production servers.  ? Recover databases from backup in disasters by implemented Point-In-Time Recovery Solutions.  ? Troubleshoot and fine-tune databases to check performance and concurrency.  ? Create and maintain documentation for Data Base Administration (DBA) standard operating procedures (SOPs).  ? Test programs or databases, correct errors, and make necessary modifications.  ? Plan, coordinate and implement security measures to safeguard information in computer files against accidental or unauthorized damage, modification or disclosure.  ? Review procedures in database management system manuals for making changes to database.  ? Work as part of a project team to coordinate database development and determine project scope and limitations.  ? Use SQL Server Profiler, Perfmon, SQL Server Agent, and Database Engine Tuning Advisor (DTA).  ? Create reports in SQL server using Simple Sequence Repeats (SSR) per front end user requirements. Database Administrator Citigroup - Irving, TX January 2018 to December 2018 Gathering the requirements, Creation/review of Business, Functional requirement Documents for business systems, experience in database design process and data modeling process.  ? Developed and created new database objects including tables, views, indexes, triggers, stored procedures and functions.  ? Implemented backup and recovery strategies based on RPO and RTO  ? Configured Job, maintenance plans, database Mail and operators Create and modify of the database objects according to the requirement. Database migrations from SQL 2005, 2008 R2 to 2012  ? Evaluated data storage considerations to store databases and transaction logs. Created databases using SQL Server Management Studio, Database Wizard and Transact SQL Statements.  ? Implemented table and index partitioning. Maintained user Permissions and login, assigned the least required Permission Monitoring Event Viewers, SQL Error logs Monitoring servers through spotlight alerts.  ? Installed and configured different versions of SQL Server in clustered and standalone servers.  ? Optimized SQL queries for improved Performance and availability  ? Monitoring and Troubleshooting SQL server Performance using SQL Server Profiler, system Monitor, Database Engine Tuning Advisor, Dynamic Management Views and Functions and Resolving Blocking and Deadlocking Issues.  ? Created Databases, tables and provide constraints and user defined rules and defaults.  ? Performed operations like Data reconciliation, validation and error handling after Extracting data into SQL Server  ? Configured monitored and troubleshoot HA/DR Log Shipping, Clustering, AlwaysOn Availablity Group and Replication (Transactional and Merge.  ? Working on production Break fix issue which include performance, blocking and space related issues.  ? Scheduling and implementing patching activities i.e .Service packs and cumulative upgrades as per baseline standards. Database Administrator Saint Mary University January 2015 to November 2017 Install, upgrade and configure SQL Server 2014/2012/2008 R2 for several applications with latest service packs.  ? Installed, upgraded and configured SQL Server 2012/2008R2 for several applications with latest service packs.  ? Migrated SQL server 2008R2 to SQL Server 2012 in Microsoft Windows Server 2012 Enterprise  ? Migrated data from Excel, to Microsoft SQL, extracted, transformed and loaded data using Microsoft SQL Server SSIS.  ? Recovered databases from backup in disasters by implementing Point-In-Time Recovery solutions.  ? Troubleshoot and fine-tuned databases for its performance and concurrency.  ? Operated on SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) and SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).  ? Responsible for monitoring and making recommendations for performance improvement in host databases which involves in index creation, removal, modification, file group modifications, and adding scheduled jobs to re-index and update statistics in databases.  ? Created, reviewed and implemented maintenance plans on production servers.  ? Created and maintained documentation for Data Base Administration (DBA) standard operating procedures (SOPs).  ? Tested programs or databases, corrected errors, and made necessary modifications.  ? Used SQL Server Profiler, Perfmon, SQL Server Agent, and Database Engine Tuning Advisor (DTA).  ? Created reports in SQL server using Simple Sequence Repeats (SSR) per front end user requirements.  ? Developed and documented backups, recovery strategies, disaster recovery mechanism and participated in disaster discovery drills for various environments to implement Log shipping Disaster Recovery (DR) solutions.  ? Implemented SQL standards in writing stored procedures, Triggers, Views and SQL functions.  ? Installed and configured new SQL Servers.  ? Performed daily routine DBA tasks such as handing security and space issues on production and semi production servers. Junior Database Administrator MIDROC November 2013 to December 2014 Supported and maintained SQL database applications.  ? Conducted system tuning, performance monitoring and database maintenance.  ? Developed reports and custom requests for users.  ? Documented all transactions and support interactions in system for future reference and addition to knowledge base.  ? Monitored performance of database systems resources and query throughput.  ? Optimized SQL Code as necessary.  ? Monitored and maintained database storage resources.  ? Monitored and maintained database maintenance plans for backups and index rebuild/defragment.  ? Responsible for SQL Server Installation, Upgrades, Migrations and Configuration.  ? Installed database software service packs and cumulative updates as necessary.  ? Maintained and administered database security access  ? Troubleshoot and resolved database connectivity issues.  ? Proactively monitored and responded to MSSQL database Alerts.  ? Assisted with application and user support when needed. Education Bachelor in Business Management in Business Management Bahir Dar University 2013 Diploma In Information Technology in Information Technology St Mary's University 2007 Skills Audit (Less than 1 year), BI (Less than 1 year), BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE (Less than 1 year), Database (7 years), Database Administration (Less than 1 year), DHCP (Less than 1 year), DNS (Less than 1 year), ETL (Less than 1 year), EXTRACT, TRANSFORM, AND LOAD (Less than 1 year), FTP (Less than 1 year), Hyper-V. (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT SSRS (2 years), MS-SQL Server (7 years), MS SQL Server 2012 (Less than 1 year), SMTP. (Less than 1 year), SNMP (Less than 1 year), SQL (7 years), SQL Server (7 years), SQL Server 2012 (2 years), SSRS (2 years), Sql Dba, DBA
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1248.html#278:::LEGAL ADMINISTRATOR ASSISTANT;ESCROW CLOSING SPECIALIST;DATABASE CLERK;FILE CLERK;Filing;Outlook;Receptionist;Microsoft Outlook:::LEGAL ADMINISTRATOR ASSISTANT LEGAL <span class="hl">ADMINISTRATOR</span> ASSISTANT ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT Garden Grove, CA Seeking a position in a growth-oriented company to utilize my administrative and analytical skills and acquire new abilities while furthering my education. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience LEGAL ADMINISTRATOR ASSISTANT HUNT & HENRIQUES August 2018 to July 2019 • Provide administrative support and complete tasks across all departments of the law firm, including data entry, creating settlement agreements, and preparing outgoing documents to mail out.  • Filing documents by e-filing or sending them to court.  • Handling Dismissals, Notice of Settlements, Power of Attorney, Amortization, correspondence as well as incoming faxes.  • Scan, index and audit documents while maintaining confidentiality  • Receive and distribute various documents to teams  • Mail or receive documents to and back from courts DISBURSEMENT/FUNDING, UNISOURCE ESCROW September 2017 to June 2018 • Approve about 200 wires a day in CashPro as well disburse files with specific rules to states using ResWare  • Use Ryhno Live to do banking each day for specific bank accounts  • Deposit checks into ledger accounts using a digital check scanner  • Cut creditor and borrowers funds checks,  • Make and answer calls to and from borrowers and different banks  • Mail and Fedex out proceeds as well stop payment and void checks ESCROW CLOSING SPECIALIST LOAN DEPOT March 2015 to September 2017 • Receive and distribute up to 400 new escrow orders to multiple escrow teams a day.  • Cut, scan and disburse up to 200 creditor and borrower's funds checks.  • Maintain and manage team inbox, servicing all escrow closing request  • Actively assist and resolve any issues received via phone or via email  • Works directly with closing and escrow teams to ensure all task are satisfied and resolved.  • Receive, scan and distribute all incoming signed loan documents and subsequently distribute to correct title company. MAIL DISTRIBUTOR, PAYCHEX May 2014 to March 2016 • Mail and distribute at least a 1000 payroll to companies in the business  • Prepare mail, sort, and file for shipment to FedEx or UPS throughout the business day  • Work in a fast paced environment to meet the criteria of the work day  • Maintain cleanliness in the office for safety purposes and to make sure the entire payroll is in their right place. DATABASE CLERK MAARKA DATABASE SOLUTIONS March 2012 to April 2014 • Work with several clients in escrow to achieve company goals as well as providing satisfactory customer service through the process  • Maintain quality control /satisfaction; constantly seeking new ways to improve customer service.  • Answered inquiries of escrow process to customers in detail and directed them as needed  • Support sales representatives in opening new accounts, closing accounts, and upgrading existing accounts.  • Clerical work: answer and direct calls, filing, archiving, and record keeping  • Handled sensitive and confidential information with discretion FILE CLERK HEALTH ASSOCIATES FCU July 2009 to June 2011 • Worked with customers by greeting them and answered any inquiries before their appointments.  • Filed accounts and loan documents that were open or closed, maintained cleanliness in the office and assisted to employees with daily task.  • Received mail, sorted, filled and distribute it as well as mailed out request as needed Education AA in Pre-Pharmacy studies COASTLINE COMMUNITY COLLEGE - Fountain Valley, CA Skills Filing, Outlook, Receptionist, Microsoft Outlook Assessments Receptionist — Expert August 2019 Using basic scheduling, attention to detail, and organizational skills in an office setting. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/cr7m6rtx4pjt-gy9 Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information • Capable of handling complex task and multitasking  • Detail oriented and delegates responsibility  • Extremely knowledgeable with general office duties, clerical task and time management  • Takes care of customer inquiries  • Oral and written communication skills  • Working well within a team
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1249.html#279:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Database (5 years);Oracle (5 years);Rman (5 years);security. (5 years);Sql (5 years);Oracle Dba;Sql Dba;DBA:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator • More than 5 years of experience as an Oracle Database Administrator.  • Oracle certified associate (OCA) and SQL fundamental certified.  • Extensively worked on installing, configuring and managing Oracle 12c, 11gR2 and 10g.  • Performed Patch Installation, Migration, Upgrades, Backup and Recovery, Cloning, Replication, Database Security (TDE,Data masking).  • Managed databases running on AIX, Linux, UNIX and Windows environments.  • Experienced in configuring and managing Oracle Real Application Cluster (RAC), Data Guard and Golden Gate for Oracle High Availability.  • Applying upgrade patch, maintenance and interim (opatch) patches on all databases. Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator PEARSON - Iowa City, IA September 2016 to April 2019 • Installation, configuration, Maintenance and Support of Oracle 11g and 12c (Multitenant and NON-CDB) Databases.  • Golden gate setup to achieve unidirectional replication and Golden gate database user with necessary privileges.  • Configured and administered Golden Gate.  • Creating database objects in operational data store and maintaining them in Golden Gate.  • Implemented initial Data Load, Batch/Online replication, Security in Golden Gate.  • Migration of Oracle databases 11g (11.2.0.4) from Linux Boxes to EXADATA machine using data guard switchover and Export & Import.  • Applied the Clusterware (GI), Database (RDBMS) Patches i.e PSU patches and one-off patches (for Bug resolution) using opatch.  • Upgraded the RAC and standalone databases from 10g (10.2.0.4 and 10.2.0.5) to 11g (11.2.0.2, 11.2.0.3 and 11.2.0.4) and 11g to 12c. as part of performance improvement by utilizing the new features. Also upgraded 11g (11.2.0.3) Databases to 12c (12.1.0.1).  • Creation, Configuration and Setting up of RMAN Catalog databases and registering target Databases with the Catalog.  • Responsible for Backup and recovery of the databases using RMAN Tool (Recovery Manager), and Database Flashback using GRP ( Guaranteed Restore Point ) and Export and Import (Datapump and Normal ) for restoring the specific objects at the database level.  • Building Oracle Stand by databases, both Active Dataguard for real-time replication and normal Dataguard for disaster recovery also referred as BCP clone purposes.  • Worked on Disaster Recovery by converting physical standby databases to SNAPSHOT standby database and opened in the read/write mode for testing purposes without interrupting the primary production database.  • Worked and implemented Database Wallet for Oracle 11g also called as keystore from 12c and TDE (Transparent Data Encryption) for Encrypting the Sensitive data using column encryption and tablespace encryption, also used TDE for Goldengate replication too.  • Also tested disaster recovery with database failover and switchover also tested Goldengate replication after that using DBFS filesystem and ACFS.  • Implemented Oracle Goldengate (both Classic and integrated capture) and Shareplex for replicating data from Primary (OLTP system) to downstream systems such as data warehousing for reporting purposes and history databases for archival purposes.  • Applying upgrade patch, maintenance and interim (opatch) patches on all the databases.  • Installed and configured Oracle 11g database on a test server using Oracle standard procedures and OFA, for performance testing and future 10g production implementation.  • Applied PSU Patches (11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4) as a part of maintenance activity.  • Implemented and managed optimum physical database design (table spaces, data files, extents, redo logs, archive logs) and assessed database capacity by monitoring online storage, growth and file system space, in adherence to the Optimal Flex Architecture  • Provided instance level performance monitoring and tuning for Event Waits, Sessions, Physical and Logical IO and Memory Usage.  • Extensive experience in RMAN recovery testing, RAC and standalone database  • Recovered huge Database (1 Terabyte) when UNDO table space got corrupted in Real Application Cluster (RAC)  • Experience in setting up Oracle ASM storage for Oracle RAC databases.  • Performed database replication through Golden Gate.  • Created a Clone Database using RMAN on remote Server and used SRVCTL commands for Real Application Cluster (RAC) Databases  • Implemented Data Guard with high availability and performance configurations and participated in Data Guard Fail over tests.  • Responsible for the smooth functioning of all ecommerce activities of the organization.  • Monitored data transfer between the Database servers using Data Stage, Oracle Streams/CDC  • Successfully implemented Backup & Recovery using RMAN which includes hot backups and Cold backups.  • Worked extensively on Performance tuning of Queries by maintaining Aggregates, Compression, partition, indexing and use of Hints, Stored outlines, Statistics.  • Supported development teams by providing SQL statement tuning and optimizing ETL procedures and removing load and query performance bottlenecks by using tools EXPLAIN PLAN, STATSPACK, and TKPROF. Performing monthly and annual performance reports for trend analysis and capacity planning.  • Assist in SQL tuning and providing consultation such as creating Materialized views, adding indices, dropping unnecessary indices, using hints wherever possible, amongst others.  • Worked on both VMS and UNIX environments.  • Troubleshooting of various database performances by proper diagnosis at all levels like SQL, PL/SQL, database design, database tables, indexes, Instance, memory, operating system and java calls.  • Knowledge in Oracle Data warehouse DBA skills relating to administration and management of VLDB environments, Oracle OLTP. Oracle Database Administrator NationStar Mortgage - Lewisville, TX January 2014 to September 2016 • Cloned/Migrated databases using RMAN and traditional Datapump export/import utilities in Oracle 10gR2.  • Implemented recovery strategies whenever required and successfully recovered databases in case database crash, media/disk failures by using RMAN.  • Scheduling the Physical backups (hot & cold) in CRON tab using RMAN utility and monitoring the scheduled jobs.  • Responsible for Creating Users, Groups, Roles, Profiles and assigning the users to groups and grant necessary privileges to the relevant groups.  • Used SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN utilities for optimizing and tuning SQL queries.  • Maintained the data integrity and security using integrity constraints and database triggers.  • Provided 24X7 support for all the production and development databases.  • Strong skills in applying security patches (Patch set, Critical Patch Updates (CPU) / Patch Set Updates (PSU), One-off Patch) using "runInstaller" and perl based utility "opatch".  • Highly experienced in implementing Oracle's Transportable Tablespace (TTS) feature using DatapumpExport/Import (Oracle 11g, 10g) allowing users to quickly move a user Tablespace across Oracle databases.  • Expertise in implementing data refreshes (at database, schema & table level) using RMAN utility and Datapump, conventional Export/Import of Oracle 11g, 10g.  • Performed Installation and configuration of Oracle 10.2.0.1 database on HP-UX platform.  • Successfully performed migrations from Oracle 9i/10g to 10gR2 RAC (Real Application) Database.  • Successfully upgraded the databases from 11g to non CDB 12c.  • Successfully migrated 12c Non CDB databases to pluggable databases.  • Created Oracle Wallets and implemented Tablespace level TDE security.  • Constantly monitor the performance (V$ dynamic performance views at peak load) of the Databases and viewing Alert log files & Trace files.  • Used to run scripts to check the status of databases such as growing table sizes, extent allocation, free space, used space, fragmentation etc.  • Performed space management, capacity planning, disaster recovery and overall maintenance of the databases.  • Created Physical Standby databases using RMAN with zero downtime, performed Failover and Switchover using Data Guard Broker and manually as and when required.  • Worked extensively with Physical Standby database, troubleshooting, switchover and switchback with Physical standby setup.  • Successfully performed data replication using Materialized views and Oracle Streams in Oracle 10gR2.  • Applied patches 10.2.0.2 and 10.2.0.3 Education Bachelor's degree in information technology in information technology university of Bamenda Skills Database (5 years), Oracle (5 years), Rman (5 years), security. (5 years), Sql (5 years), Oracle Dba, Sql Dba, DBA
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\125.html#280:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;DATABASE (2 years);DATABASES (2 years);RMAN (2 years);ACCESS (Less than 1 year);DATA MIGRATION (Less than 1 year):::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator Springfield, VA • Proficient in Oracle 10g, 11g and Database Administration  • Proficient in Enterprise Manager  • Proficient in RMAN, Backup and Recovery  • Proficient in Database Migration, Upgrade and Patch Application  • Performance Tuning  • Real Application Clusters  • Data Guard Administration Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Boltos Solutions Institute - Laurel, MD January 2016 to January 2017 • Conducted performance tuning using AWR, ADDM and various Oracle Advisors.  • Upgraded Oracle 10g database to 11g.  • Applied quarterly CPU patches to different version of databases.  • Performed troubleshooting and resolved log gap in Data Guard Configuration.  • Daily monitoring of alert log files and trace files.  • Implemented multiplexing control files and redo log files.  • Performed database cloning and duplication using RMAN.  • Resolved various complex issues with the database    1  (Cell) 240-486-0516  Email: sunnybass2014@gmail.com Oracle Database Administrator Oceanic Bank Nigeria - Lagos, NG January 2013 to September 2014 - Lagos, Nigeria  • Installed and configured relevant network components to ensure database access as well as database consistency and integrity.  • Resolved various Oracle connectivity problems and performed physical backups using RMAN  utility.  • Monitored user sessions and killed inactive sessions.  • Performed standard and fine grain database auditing.  • Upgraded Oracle 11g databases from 11.2.0.1 to 11.2.0.3 using patch set.  • Installed, configured and managed 11gR2 (RAC) on ASM storage.  • Managed RAC databases using CRSCTL, SRVCTL and grid control.  • Application of CPU critical patch on RAC database in rolling manner.  • Configured and setup Oracle 11gR2 Data Guard.  • Managed Data Guard using Data Guard broker. Education B.Sc (Edu). in Accounting Adekunle Ajasin University - Ondo, Nigeria July 2006 to December 2011 Diploma in Computer Hardware Engineering Standard Computer Academy Lagos - Lagos, GU January 2005 to December 2005 Skills DATABASE (2 years), DATABASES (2 years), RMAN (2 years), ACCESS (Less than 1 year), DATA MIGRATION (Less than 1 year) Certifications/Licenses SQL Certified Present Oracle Certified Associate 11g. Present Oracle Certified Professional 11g Present Additional Information Technical Profile  Relational Databases: 10g, 11g, Microsoft SQL Server Access Database.  OEM, RMAN, DATA MIGRATION-EXPORT-IMPORT, BACKUP &RECOVERY  PERFORMANCE
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1250.html#281:::SQL Server DBA and ETL Developer;SQL Server Database Administrator/Developer;SQL Database Administrator/Developer;SQL Server Database Administrator/Developer;SQL Server Agent;Data modeling;Data models;Database;Database design;Ms access;Microsoft sql server;Sql server;Mysql;Sql;Clustering;Etl;Sql server integration services;Ssrs;Tableau;T-sql;Business continuity;Disaster recovery;Rdbms;Optimization;Server migration;DBA;Ssis;Sql Dba;Oracle Dba;RAC;Rman:::SQL Server DBA and ETL Developer SQL Server DBA and ETL Developer SQL Server DBA and ETL Developer Work Experience SQL Server DBA and ETL Developer Wells Fargo - Charlotte, NC July 2018 to July 2019 * Experience in Error handling and debugging coding issues and troubleshoot production problems.  * Extensive Experience in RDBMS concepts such as Tables, User Defined Data Types, Indexes, Indexed Views, Functions, CTE's, Table Variables and Stored Procedures.  * Experience in SQL Optimizing by using SQL Profiler, Index Tuning Wizard, Database Tuning Advisor, DBCC Commands, DMV's, DMFs and Query Execution Plans.  * Expert in Extracting and Transforming data (ETL) from various heterogeneous sources and creating packages using SSIS /DTS, Import, Export Data, Bulk Insert and BCP utilities.  * Hands on experience with performing various SSIS data transformation tasks like Look-ups, Fuzzy Look-ups, Conditional Splits and Event Handlers, Error Handlers etc.  * Great Expertise in creating and managing Event Handlers, Package Configurations, Logging, System and User defined Variables for SSIS Packages.  * analyze problems as assigned and provide solutions to address business needs.  * Add a Login, role to a SQL Server and create a user account, manage SQL Server Agent, Configuring Server Level Settings, Configuring Database Mail.  * Perform data loads and routine updates on an ongoing basis. Created files, views, tables and data sets to support Sales Operations large data volumes and partitioning,  * Developed database application forms using MS Access in coordination with SQL tables and stored procedures.  * Involved in creating database objects like tables, views, procedures, triggers, and functions using T-SQL to provide definition, structure and to maintain data efficiently.  * Experience with large data volumes and partition tables into smaller tables and then use views to handle the data manipulation using data partition. SQL Server Database Administrator/Developer SCIO Health Analytics - Jacksonville, FL April 2016 to May 2018 Accountable for the consistent reliable performance of clients' 24/7 enterprise applications through the design, configuration, implementation and constant maintenance of critical SQL server systems. Provided strategic direction to a team of 10 core and application database administrators (DBA's).    Key Achievements:  * Designed and implemented the company's Disaster Recovery and High Availability Plans including Log-Shipping, Database Mirroring, Replication, SQL Server Clustering and Always-On to ensure business continuity.  * Increased network security by 85% through proper documentation of changes and creation of the Database Maintenance Plan that enforced integrity checks, database statistics update, index rebuilding and reorganization.  * Automated previously manual routine tasks such as Maintain operators, Alerts, Notifications, Jobs, Job Steps and Schedules with custom scripts.  * Optimized queries with Windows Performance monitor and SQL Profiler and resolved deadlock issues while enhancing database server performance.  * Efficiently migrated the database (utilizing different tools such as copy database wizard, detach & attach, SSIS, backup and restore etc.), performed data conversion and managed orphaned users.  * Effectively eliminated months of production server issues by systematically troubleshooting and resolving the problem with no further downtime.  * Upgraded over 25 SQL servers to the latest service pack level (from SQL server 2008r2,2012 to 2016) within a 3-month period.  * Experience in conversion of packages from legacy systems (DTS•SSIS) and migrating, deploying the packages across Dev/UAT/Prod environments.  * Expert in automating process by creating jobs and error reporting using Alerts, SQL Mail Agent, FTP and SMTP.  * Experience in Error handling and debugging coding issues and troubleshoot production problems.  * Worked with end users/customers to understand business requirements, recommended technical solutions and documented functional requirements.  * Ability to work on multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment independently and in a team, mentor to other team members to c follows same techniques and standards.  * Formulated and documented ETL process design based on business requirements and system specifications including source to target mappings, data dictionaries and transformations.  * Responsible for the Extraction, Transformation and Loading of data from Multiple Sources to Data Warehouse.  * Created SSIS packages to clean and load data to data warehouse and package to transfer data between OLTP and OLAP databases.  * Created complex queries to automate data profiling process needed to define the structure of the pre staging and staging area. SQL Database Administrator/Developer Branch Office Supply - Upper Marlboro, MD February 2014 to March 2016 Critical component of the Database Administration Team ensuring 24/7 production support to the clients, attending to 40 to 50 concurrent cases at a given time. Monitored job assignments, addressing schedule conflicts. Applied appropriate business solutions based on client needs and requirements. Performed troubleshooting for failed jobs and replication as needed.    Key Achievements:  * Build and maintain SQL scripts, indexes, and complex queries for data analysis and extraction.  * Created complex Stored Procedures, triggers, cursors, tables, views, joins and statements for applications and developed complex T- SQL code for the application.  * Developed and Optimized Stored Procedures and Functions using T-SQL  * Worked on designing the physical databases model on SQL Server 2008 RDBMS using different Data Definition and Data Manipulation languages (DML/DDL) implementing constraints and triggers for data integrity in development database for Warehouse system.  * Reduced the procedure duration by 60%, improving the efficiency of addressing vital processing jobs and allotting more time to address other concerns.  * Implemented new SQL Server features including Policy Based Management, Performance Data Collector and Transparent Data Encryption (TDE),  * Installed and maintained SQL servers 2014, 2012, 2008R2, 2005.  * Manage and Configure Databases mail for SQL server alerts.  * Developed the SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) Packages for exporting the data.  * Patched all the DB Servers to the Latest Service Pack levels periodically, making it compliant with the Microsoft Support.  * Migrated the database from SQL 2008 R2 to SQL Server 2012 and 2014.  * Resolved replication issues and settled new replications that occurred after.  * Checking, repaired and prevented future fragmentation issues.  * Rebuilt indexes at regular intervals for better performance.  * Plan, design, and implement application database code objects, such as stored procedures and views. SQL Server Database Administrator/Developer LPS Financial - Jacksonville, FL January 2012 to January 2014 Responsible for the daily administration of SQL servers on standalone and cluster environments and monitoring of database size and disk space in production, staging and development environments. Took charge of keeping the team on track with corporate milestones for database consolidation and data migration as well as meeting architectural plans, testing and training. Rendered on-call support for critical production issues. Involved in source data analysis, design mapping for data extraction and loading data from various databases and files pertaining to the design and development of SSIS packages.    Key Achievements:  * Administered the upgrade, configuration and maintenance of Four-Node Cluster Active/Passive on Microsoft Windows Server 2012 Enterprise Edition on SAN environment.  * Installed and configured SQL server 2012 and migrated data from SQL server 2012.  * Recovered databases from disaster backup efforts, implementing Point-In-Time Recovery solutions.  * Extensively used SQL Server Profiler, SQL Server Agent, and Database Engine Tuning Advisor (DTA).  * Applied the DBCC commands for database maintenance, indexing, and validation operations, enabling trace flags and removing DLL from memory.  * Adjusted Transactional Replication and Log Shipping with SQL Server Management Studio then performed troubleshooting to address connectivity, security and firewall issues.  * Managed Database High Availability Replication, Database Mirroring, Log Shipping.  * Restructured and monitored the indexes at regular intervals for better performance.  * Performed efficient tuning of SQL source queries for data load/ Usage of stored procedures for performance using SQL Server Profiler, Execution Plan and Performance Monitors.  * Plan, design, and implement application database code objects such as stored procedures and views.  * Involved in creating database objects like tables, views, procedures, triggers, and functions using T-SQL to provide definition, structure and to maintain data efficiently.  * Experience in database programming in writing Stored procedures, User Defined Data Types, Triggers, Constraints, Indexes, using T-SQL  * Designed and developed packages to extract, transform and load data using SSIS (extensively worked on each loop, sequence containers, loop up transformation, derived columns, data conversions, row count transformation, event handlers)    SQL Server Database Administrator/Developer CHI Health insurance, Jacksonville, Fl SQL Server Agent August 2011 to December 2011 August 2011 to December 2011  Focused on database planning, definition, design and documentation utilizing conceptual, logical and physical models based on business requirements. Performed routine system checks and maintenance; backup and restoration with SQL Server 2012 tools like SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Server Profiler, SQL Server Agent, and Database Engine Tuning Advisor; and troubleshooting to improve database performance and concurrency. Conducted source data analysis and design mappings for data extraction as well as SSIS package design development allowing data loading from different files and databases. Generated demographic, comparative and other periodic reports using SSRS.    Key Achievements:  * Completed successful data migrations, back-up and restoration as well as bulk and batch processing with DTS, SSIS, Import/Export.  * Optimized application and system performance after thorough analysis of long running slow queries and tuning.  * Wrote and executed upgrade scripts toward production server changes  * Extensively worked on Dynamic Management Views in SQL Server 2008/2012.  * Employed DAC (Dedicated Admin Connection) when the normal connection fails to connect. Education Bachelor of Information Technology in Database Administration University of Phoenix - Phoenix, AZ 2015 to Present Skills Data modeling, Data models, Database, Database design, Ms access, Microsoft sql server, Sql server, Mysql, Sql, Clustering, Etl, Sql server integration services, Ssrs, Tableau, T-sql, Business continuity, Disaster recovery, Rdbms, Optimization, Server migration, DBA, Ssis, Sql Dba, Oracle Dba, RAC, Rman Additional Information HIGHLIGHTS OF EXPERTISE  * Strategic Leadership  * SQL Server Optimization  * Performance Tuning  * T-SQL Development    * Database Design & Administration/Development  * SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS)  * SQL Server migration, Always on HA    * Disaster Recovery & Business Continuity  * Extract, Transform, Load (ETL)  * Data Modeling  * Tableau/PowerBI    TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES  Operating Systems: Microsoft Windows Server, Windows XP/vista/Win7&8, 10, Cloud Computing/ Linux, AWS, MS Azur  Programming Language/Extensions: SQL, Transact-SQL, MYSQL  SQL Database Tools: SQL Profiler, SQL Agents, SQL Alerts, SQL Jobs, Database Mail, Query Analyzer, Query Execution Plan, Counter  Data Models: SSDD (SQL Server Database Diagram), Toad Data Modeler, Erwin  High Availability: Log shipping, Replications, Mirroring, SQL clustering, Always on availability  Performance Monitoring Tools: Profiler, DMV, Activity Monitor, Execution Plan, PerfMon, Extended Event  Reports Development/Management Tool: SSRS, MS Access, Excel  ETL Tools: DTS, SSIS, Autosys Job  Other Tools: Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL, RDBMS, DTS/SSIS packages, PowerShell
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1251.html#282:::SENIOR ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR;ORACLE LEAD DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR;TECH;SR. ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR;ORACLE PRODUCTION DBA;ORACLE D2K DEVELOPER;VISUAL BASIC DEVELOPER;FOXPRO PROGRAMMER;Database;Oltp;Oracle;Sql;Aix:::SENIOR ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR SENIOR ORACLE <span class="hl">DATABASE</span> <span class="hl">ADMINISTRATOR</span> SENIOR ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR Tennessee, IL An Oracle DBA with 09 years of DBA experience in 24*7 OLTP and Data Warehouse databases. Production, UAT, and development environmentsupported on HP-UX, Linux, AIX, and SunOS platforms.  • Extensive knowledge and Experience as an Oracle DBA (11g/10g/9i/8i) including Installation, Configuration, Performance tuning etc.  • Supporting Oracle 12c Database and DBaaS Databases.  • Experienced in Installation and Maintenance of ORACLE 10g/11Gr2 RAC, ASM Database for High Availability on HP-UX 11.31, Sun Solaris.  • Implemented Disaster Recovery using Dataguard/Active Dataguard.  • Experience in Migrationof9i, 10gr2Databases to 11gr2 Databases from HP-UX Server to Sun Solaris Server using Transportable databases(very large databases (like > 2TB), RMAN, DataPump.  • Experienced in Oracle Migration and Upgrade of ApplicationsDatabases. Good understanding of Migration processes and doing the Migration and Upgrades of 10gr2 Databasesto 11gr2 fromHP-UX to 11gr2 SunOS Servers.  • Implemented Daily Backup strategies for Oracle databases using RMAN.  • Experienced in Administrationof Databases like Creating and Managing Users, Views, Tablespaces, Indexes,Roles, Space Management, and resizing, Partitioning and shrinking Tablespaces. DatabaseSecurity by restricting users by granting related Privileges, Roles.  • Configuration and maintenance of Oracle Golden GateReplication.  • TroubleshootingShareplex Replication which Replicates from Online to Reporting Servers and Disaster Recovery Servers.  • Familiar with Table Partitions, Table Cluster, Materialized View, Streams.  • Experienced in SQLPerformance and Database/Instance Tuning of the Database using AWR/ADDM reports, SQL TRACE, Explains plans, Sql Tuning Advisor, Memory Tuning advisors, OSWATCHER.  • Good experience in Export/Import, RMAN, SQL*Loader, Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM), Standby Database,AWRand Statspack, Spatial installation and configuration.  • Applied Oracle Critical Patches and other Patches using Oracle Utilities.  • Experience in Capacity Planning, Sizing tablespace, Create database, scripts, Monitor databases, Interact with Developers, Oracle Install, 24x7 operation DBA Support, Disaster Recovery Automate Jobs, Schemamanaging, Tune Database, Tune SQL.  • Strong Leadership Qualities with Ability to Define Individual and Shared Goals for Teams and growth path for individuals. Good interpersonal Communication Skills and a good Team player with activities and timelines.  • Experience in writing autosysJILS for Oracle jobs.  • Good expertise in writing of Unix shell scripts and scheduling cronjob. Good Hands on using of AWK, GREP, TOP, SED etc. commands.  • ETL Tool for BAU operations  • Basic knowledge of MS-SQL and MYSQL.  • Basic knowledge of Exadata.  • Basic knowledge of AWS. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience SENIOR ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR MASTECH INC June 2017 to August 2018 • 24/7 Supported critical OLTP Production databases, Goldengate and Dataguard environments.  • Reviewing Development team requests, discussing and suggesting oracle recommended approaches to maintain healthy database.  • Monitoring database performance through OEM and also through database command line.  • Maintaining and Troubleshooting OracleGoldengate replication v11.1 in 2 Node RAC database in Solaris/Linux servers.  • Database refreshes from production to non-production through expdp and RMAN Backup Restore.  • Documented Audit mechanism and implemented for the oracle databases according to PCI security requirements.  • Preparing Design/Vision documents and identifying database/server requirements for new projects.  • Installation and configuration of 11g/12c Databases on Linux/Solaris.  • RMAN backup configuration, backup and restore.  • Data Guard configuration and maintenance.  • Database upgrade from 10g to 11g, converting non ASM to ASM database.  • Performed troubleshooting of database using AWR and ADDM reports for 11g databases.  • Performed SQL tuning using SQL Tuning Advisor in Oracle Enterprise Manager.  • Worked with oracle support and performed root cause analysis for critical issues.  • Working on multiple projects and delivering projects within timeline.  • ETL tool for BAU operations.  • Cross Platform Database Migration from 11g SUN OS to 11g Solaris ASM Storage.  • Unix Shell Scripting to Automate the RMAN restore to UAT from Production Database and sending email in case of RMAN Backup/Restore Failure.  • Unix Shell Scripting in Conversion process automation to minimize the user intervention.    Environment: Oracle 11gR2/12C, ASM, Goldengate v11.1, Data Guard, Linux 6.2, Shell Scripting, RMAN, Data pump, Toad for Oracle, Remedy. ORACLE LEAD DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR WIPRO LIMITED - Dallas, TX May 2016 to June 2017 • 24/7 Supported critical OLTP Production databases on RAC, non-RAC,Goldengate and Dataguard environments.  • Have a good understanding of Banking Domain.  • Reviewing Development team requests, discussing and suggesting oracle recommended approaches to maintain healthy database.  • Installed, configured and maintaining 2 Node 10.2.0.4RAC databases in IBM AIX Servers.  • Experienced in monitoring database performance through OEM and also through database command line.  • Maintaining and Troubleshooting OracleGoldengate replication v11.1 in 2 Node RAC database in AIX servers.  • Experienced in Database refreshes in production to non-production and masking the sensitive data in non-prod environments.  • Documented Audit mechanism and implemented for the oracle databases according to PCI security requirements.  • Experienced in preparing Design/Vision documents and identifying database/server requirements for new projects.  • Upgrade of Oracle 9i 2 Node RAC databases to 10.2.0.4 on IBM AIX servers.  • Performed troubleshooting of database using AWR and ADDM reports for 11g databases.  • Performed SQL tuning using SQL Tuning Advisor in Oracle Enterprise Manager.  • Worked with oracle support and performed root cause analysis for critical issues.  • Working on multiple projects and delivering projects within timeline.  • Partition maintenance activity for Data warehousing DB.  • Installation, configuration and support for Oracle Spatial Tool.  • ETL tool for BAU operations.  • Cross Platform Database Migration from 9i SUN OS to 10g AIX OS ASM Storage.    Environment: Oracle 10gR2/11gR2, RAC, ASM, Goldengate v11.1, Data Guard, Linux 6.2, Shell Scripting, RMAN, Data pump, Toad for Oracle. TECH MAHINDRA - UK November 2015 to April 2016 SR. ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR    • 24/7 Supported critical OLTP Production databases on RAC and non-RACenvironments.  • Partition maintenance activities like creating partition, backup of partition tables and drop old partitions. Backup retention of backup data and other BAU activities for Data Warehousing database onSOLARIS.  • Installed and configured OEM grid agents on AIX servers.  • Built Physical Standby databases on SOLARIS servers.    Environment: Oracle 8i/9i,Data Guard, AIX, Shell Scripting, RMAN, Data pump, OEM Grid Control, Toad for Oracle. SR. ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR MAHINDRA August 2014 to October 2015 • 24/7 Supported critical OLTP Production databases on RAC and non-RACenvironments.  • Installation and Configuration of 2 Node RAC database on Solaris.  • Built physical standby databases on SOLARIS servers.  • Partition maintenance activities like creating partition, backup of partition tables and drop old partitions. Backup retention of backup database and restore the old data as and when required for Data Warehousing application.  • Experience of working on SIEBEL and CRM application database.  • Data replication using materialized view for Data Warehousing.  • Worked on Migrations of 8idatabases to 9i databases on SOLARIS environment.    Environment: Oracle 9i RAC, Standby DB, AIX, Shell Scripting, RMAN, exp/imp. ORACLE PRODUCTION DBA BPL MOBILE - Mumbai, Maharashtra June 2013 to August 2014 BPL Mobile is the mobile service provider in Mumbai and Maharashtra (India). In this organization, I worked on Billing and rating processing of the post-paid subscriber for two and half years and worked as Database/System Administration for all the databases for two and half years.    • 24/7 Supported critical Production databases onnon-RACenvironments.  • Configured RMAN backup jobs for newly built databases.  • Worked on Performance issues as and when required and usedstats pack report, Toad tool for tuning.  • Implemented Oracle partitioning (Interval Partitioning) for Prod/UAT database and other BAU related activities like export partitions, importing tables whenever required.    Environment: Oracle 8i, AIX, Linux, Shell Scripting, RMAN, exp/imp, Materialized views. ORACLE D2K DEVELOPER HINDUSTAN PETROLIUM CORPORATION - Mumbai, Maharashtra April 2012 to May 2013 Hindustan Petroleum is an India's Oil Company with operations around the country. Worked as Oracle D2K developer forcritical applications where re-developed the existing reporting application with new feature and created new reports as well.    • Study of existing reports, feasibility of implementing the reports with new features and develop the new report in Oracle D2K Forms.  • Automated the Blending production process where amount of different raw material to be used (based on percentage to material to be used for each product) were getting calculated in the formation of specific product quantity.  Environment: Oracle D2K, Oracle 7. VISUAL BASIC DEVELOPER VAISHNO COMPUTER SERVICES - Mumbai, Maharashtra March 2011 to March 2012 Vaishno Computer Services is company which provides services to the different client providing the processing of the data. Also, it provides the useful tool for daily routine.  • Gather user requirements, design and develop the tools/Application for BAU usage.  • Developed Dairy system and material inventory system.    Environment: Win 95, Oracle 7.3/8, Visual Basic. FOXPRO PROGRAMMER SACHIN COMPUTER SERVICES - Mumbai, Maharashtra February 2010 to February 2011 As a programmer, my responsibility was to study the visit the client's site and take the requirement from them. Analyze the requirement and document it with solution. Working with team to design, develop and test the application before implementing at client site.    • Gather the client's requirement, design and develop the application. Provide training to the users on new application.  • Developed Computer Institute Management Systemapplication for school, checking students' status, preparing the fee receipt, fee and course durations and report generations for all the inventories.  • Developed Payroll system for organization to keep track of employee attendance, Monthly salary, advance taken by employee and inventory report generations.    Environment:FoxPro 2.5/6 Education Bachelor's Skills Database, Oltp, Oracle, Sql, Aix Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Databases: OLTP, Data warehouse, Oracle Databases 12c/11g/10g/9i/8i.  DBA Skills: Database Maintenance, Disaster Recovery, Security Management, HA Management, RAC, ASM, CRS cluster, Data Guard.  Tools/Utilities: CRON, TOAD 10.1 OEM Grid Control 10g/12c, Data Pump, export/import, SQL Loader, RMAN,DBNEWID,BMC Change Control, Shareplex for Oracle, AWR, ADDM, Oracle Streams, Oracle Golden gate.  Shell Scripting: UNIX Shell Scripts on Sun Solaris, HP-UX and Linux platform  Operating Systems: RHEL 3.0/4.0/5.2/5.6/6.2, HP-UX 10/11.21, 11.31, AIX 4.3, Solaris 8/7, SunOS 5.10, Oracle Linux, Windows 2003/2000/NT
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1252.html#283:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle DBA;AIX (Less than 1 year);Auditing (Less than 1 year);backups (6 years);cloning (6 years);Database (6 years);databases (6 years);Linux (6 years);Loader (3 years);MS SQL SERVER (3 years);OEM. (6 years);Oracle (6 years);PL/SQL (3 years);RDBMS (3 years);RMAN (6 years);scripting (6 years);security (6 years);Solaris (3 years);SQL (6 years);sql server (6 years);Unix (6 years):::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator Bowie, MD I am OCA 12c certified with 6 years of experience installation, monitoring and maintaining complex databases, I am confident that I would make a beneficial addition to the your company. Please feel free to contact me to arrange an interview. I look forward to learning more about this opportunity.  Over the course of my career thus far, I have monitored databases to fit a variety of needs, successfully ensured the security of those databases, problem-solved in order to meet both back-end and front-end needs, installed and tested new versions database management systems, customized and installed applications and meticulously monitored performance for the smoothest front-end experience possible. During my 6 years working with databases, I have learned that open communication and tireless problem solving is just as important as extensive technical knowledge.  The following are some highlights of my qualifications and experience:  • I work with different versions of databases such as 10g, 11g, 12c  • Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert and Oracle Database 12c Administrator Certified Associate  • Maintain database security  • Involved in the creation, implementation and maintenance of several databases  • Configure Golden gate, active Data guard, as well as the 2Nodes rac configuration  I appreciate the opportunity to bring my passion for IT and ability to problem-solve to your company. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator NEWEDGE - Chicago, IL February 2016 to June 2019 • DBA supporting major projects from Development to Production via Test and UAT environments. Duties involve daily administration, maintenance and tuning. Database ranging from 100GB to 10TB. Monitoring on OEM.  • Database, Table and schema refreshes using Data pump, expdp and impdp and transportable tablespaces.  • Experienced in cloning the databases using online and offline backups and using RMAN duplicate backup to migrate data from 11g to 11.2.o.3  • Configured deployed and administered 2 and 3 node RAC clusters on Solaris 10 and Redhat Enterprise Linux 5.9.  • Extensively involved in performance tuning of applications, SQL queries and databases using Explain Plan, ASH, ADDM, SQL TRACE, TKPROF and AWR reports.  • Installation, configuration and administration of Oracle Golden Gate  • Created a standby database using RMAN Duplicate in order to reduce the down time for the PROD database during the migration process.  • Planning Backup/Restoration Strategy, Planning and scheduling Backups on crontab and OEM, taking Logical Backups (with Export/Import Data pump utilities).  • implemented database security management, by using the principle of least privilege, and Provided technical support for all application administrators and users.  • Applied critical patches to Oracle databases and application servers.  • used Grid control (OEM Grid) to administer and manage large number of databases and enterprise wide targets.  • Worked extensively on Performance tuning of Queries by maintaining Aggregates, Compression, partition, indexing and use of Hints, Stored outlines, Statistics. And PL/SQL Tuning.  • Responsible for setup and implementation of 2 Node RAC on Linux in 11g and 12c.  • Implemented Data guard, creating both logical and physical standby databases in 10g and 11g RAC environment for production database.  • Experience in PeopleSoft/Oracle Database installation, upgrade, patching and migration  • Experience in Exadata cloud installation, upgrade, patching and migration from oracle 12c to Exadata cloud.  •Involved in Exadata implementation, monitoring, upgrade, patching and migration.  • Configure and manage PeopleSoft running applications such as Finance, HR, SCM. CRM.  . Involve in upgrade and patching of Peoplesoft application.  Experience in configuring and managing E-Business suite which integrates business CRM, ERP, AND SCM with applications such as HR, FINANCE, PROJECT PORTFOLIO AND PRECUREMENT Oracle DBA NEW BREED LOGISTIC - Greensboro, NC February 2013 to January 2016 • Successfully installed and configured Oracle 11.1.0.7, Oracle 12.1.0.2 databases on Linux platforms.  • Monitored different databases and application servers using Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) 12c Cloud Control.  • Loading data from flat files to database using SQL*Loader, External Tables.  • Extensively used AWR, ADDM and explain plan for periodic performance tuning.  • Implementing Data pump, export/import utility of Oracle 11g, 10g for re-organizing Databases/Schemas/Tables to improve the performance, cloned using RMAN.  • Trouble shooting and performance tuning golden gate replications, monitoring scripts for Golden gate in Unix scripting  • Involved in Performance Planning and Tuning, using baselines and proactive monitoring, bottleneck elimination and the wait event interface to identify issues and generated weekly reports  • Implemented Flashback technology of the Oracle 11g, 10g for a faster recovery of databases and database objects.  • Performed full & incremental backup (cumulative and differential), incremental updated using RMAN  • Successful in applying RDBMS patches, security patches for improving the security and functionality of the databases., as well as performing database upgrade.  • Automated the processes like moving files, managing alert log, efficient backup by developing UNIX scripts,  • Create database Objects, Table spaces, Schemas as needed.  • Exposure to AWS migration and implementation  • Experience in installation, migration, monitoring, patching and upgrade Exadata.  • Exposure to sql server databases. Installation, upgrade migration monitoring performance and supporting users.  • Hands on experience in E-business suite application monitoring, configuring and instalations. Education Bachelor's degree University of Buea Skills AIX (Less than 1 year), Auditing (Less than 1 year), backups (6 years), cloning (6 years), Database (6 years), databases (6 years), Linux (6 years), Loader (3 years), MS SQL SERVER (3 years), OEM. (6 years), Oracle (6 years), PL/SQL (3 years), RDBMS (3 years), RMAN (6 years), scripting (6 years), security (6 years), Solaris (3 years), SQL (6 years), sql server (6 years), Unix (6 years) Assessments Data Analysis — Proficient May 2019 Measures a candidate's skill in interpreting and producing graphs, identifying trends, and drawing justifiable conclusions from data. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/54gioouvsowtufjb Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1253.html#284:::IT Healthcare Consultant/SIS Database Administrator;Information Systems Manager;SIS Coordinator Database Administrator;Implementation Specialist;Applications Analyst;Technical Support Analyst;Technical Support Analyst;DBA;Sql Dba;Oracle Dba;Sql Server;MYSQL:::IT Healthcare Consultant/SIS Database Administrator IT Healthcare Consultant/SIS <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> IT Healthcare Consultant/SIS Database Administrator - Imehtods Ocean Springs, MS Work Experience IT Healthcare Consultant/SIS Database Administrator Imehtods August 2018 to Present • Provide back-end Oracle database maintenance support of SIS application  • Review client system configurations and make recommendations to clients for optimal SIS software performance  • Configure, modify and make back-end customizations of SIS software and client hardware as necessary according to client workflow processes  • Provide hardware and software training to client's technical staff (IT, Systems Administrators, DBA's, etc)  • Install, maintain, troubleshoot and up-grade the SIS software for clients  • Attention to Detail-Evaluate procedures and methods for determining risks, vulnerability  • Customer Service - Serve as a technical advisor on program effectiveness, efficiency, policy, and direction  • Oral Communication - Maintain contact with industry stakeholders  • Problem Solving - Make recommendations to resolve shortfalls in system security features and practices  • Security-focused all-source analysis efforts focused on network, system, and application vulnerabilities and researching and providing mitigation to resolve the vulnerabilities  • Planning and/or managing research and analysis efforts to inform decision makers on threats to infrastructure, enterprise-level capabilities, and risk of vulnerability exploitation  • Identifying information technology security program implications of new technologies or technology upgrades  • Overseeing the development, documentation, and management of analytical requirements, threat-based capabilities research and analysis, and presenting recommendations to senior leaders for enterprise-level system changes, procedures, and processes.  • SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Developer, SQL 2008 R2, SQL2012 Information Systems Manager Davis & Crump PLLC January 2017 to August 2018 • Gather and compiled analytical reports as well as compile and provide business analysis reports.  • Provided expert technical and administrative functionality in quality assurance, records management, information systems, application support and implementation.  • Analyze the software/network solution needs of customers.  • Program, configure, test, debug, document and install application programs and technologies and changes to existing programs/technologies as well as set-up advanced network options and 3rd party interfaces.  • Maintain communications systems to include network communications, phone communications, and all other forms of communications throughout the facility.  • Diagnose and provide advanced problem solving and troubleshooting solutions by phone or on site.  Execute maintenance procedures, including system upgrades, patch management and system backups.  Design, document and execute network infrastructure revamping and implementation.  • Application administration including development via SQL developer  • Server support to include SQL, VMWare, Hyper-V, and Windows environments  • End user application support  • Compose and validate facility wide processes and procedures.  Implement IS processes and procedures that meet legal standards.  Successfully train end users.  • Document technical processes and network wide configuration.  • Apply standard IT principles, concepts, practices, and techniques.  • Manage, test, deploy software via .Net and SQL  • Windows server administration, support, and scripting  • Relational database installation, configuration, support, maintenance  • Attention to Detail-Evaluate procedures and methods for determining risks, vulnerability  • Customer Service - Serve as a technical advisor on program effectiveness, efficiency, policy, and direction  • Oral Communication - Maintain contact with industry stakeholders  • Problem Solving - Make recommendations to resolve shortfalls in system security features and practices  • Security-focused all-source analysis efforts focused on network, system, and application vulnerabilities and researching and providing mitigation to resolve the vulnerabilities  • Planning and/or managing research and analysis efforts to inform decision makers on threats to infrastructure, enterprise-level capabilities, and risk of vulnerability exploitation  • Identifying information technology security program implications of new technologies or technology upgrades  • Overseeing the development, documentation, and management of analytical requirements, threat-based capabilities research and analysis, and presenting recommendations to senior leaders for enterprise-level system changes, procedures, and processes.  • SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Developer, SQL 2008 R2, SQL2012 SIS Coordinator Database Administrator United States Sports Academy June 2015 to January 2017 • SIS infrastructure build and support for Oracle database.  • Supervises and/or provides guidance and work direction to technical and other staff.  • Designs, implements, maintains and performs periodic reevaluation of enterprise database infrastructure and applications management policies, standards and procedures.  • Develops and manages internal procedures including but not limited to code reuse, source libraries, check-out process, turn over procedures, documentation standards, scope documents and design procedures.  • Installs, maintains and coordinates enterprise database software (such as Oracle), application software (such as Banner & Empower) and system support tools.  • Plans, designs, implements, maintains, and performs periodic reevaluation of data integrity and data security measures.  • Plans, designs, maintains and performs database recovery, restart and repair procedures of the enterprise database infrastructure and applications.  Coordinates departmental efforts with system development staff, system administrators, network infrastructure personnel, client support and the ITS helpdesk. Works with data custodians and departmental representatives across the college in providing problem resolution, consultation on and coordination of business and system process improvements and enhancements.  • Monitors, adjusts and performs periodical preventive maintenance of system, database and application performance. Designs, plans, implements and maintains performance tools.  Performs problem analysis and troubleshooting of the enterprise database infrastructure. As such, leads problem-solving efforts often involving other technical staff, multiple outside vendors, other departments and/or organizations.  • Tracks and tests new technology and new techniques. Establishes procedures to support research and development activities to determine the suitability of new technology and procedures to the infrastructure.  Coordinates activities with vendors, such as Oracle and Empower for support and problem resolution, management of contractual obligations, research of potential solutions, and planning and implementing new solutions and improvements to existing Oracle infrastructure.  • Develops training materials and conducts training sessions of the IT staff and/or departmental customers in enterprise database infrastructure topics.  • Supervises the Application Database Administrator, who performs enterprise database management support activities. Responsibilities include hiring, training and development, assignment of work, performance evaluation, and corrective action.  • Maintains current knowledge of technological developments associated with the enterprise database infrastructure by attending conferences and workshops and reading appropriate publications.  • Build, Modify, Create, Maintain Crystal Reports  • Provide SIS, hardware, and software training to all staff.  • Install, upgrade, maintain, troubleshoot all SIS software systems  • SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Developer, SQL 2008 R2, SQL2012  • Toad Implementation Specialist Stone County Hospital February 2014 to June 2015 • SIS infrastructure build and support for Oracle database.  • Gather and compiled analytical reports as well as compile and provide business analysis reports.  • Provided expert technical and administrative functionality in quality assurance, records management, information systems, application support and implementation, surgical services, clinical procedures, workflow management, clinical billing and coding, MIS and SIS system build and development  • Analyze the software/network solution needs of customers.  Program, configure, test, debug, document and install application programs and technologies and changes to existing programs/technologies as well as set-up advanced network options and 3rd party interfaces.  • Maintain communications systems to include network communications, phone communications, and all other forms of communications throughout the facility.  • Diagnose and provide advanced problem solving and troubleshooting solutions by phone or on site.  • Execute maintenance procedures, including system upgrades, patch management and system backups.  • Design, document and execute network infrastructure revamping and implementation.  • Application administration including development via SQL developer  • Server support to include SQL, VMWare, Hyper-V, and Windows environments  • Manage, test, deploy SIS and MIS systems via .Net and SQL  • Compose and validate hospital wide processes and procedures.  • Implement IS and HIS processes and procedures that met CMS standards.  • Establish a Risk Assessment plan for Attestation for the entire hospital and clinic system.  • Provide back-end medical records, emergency services, surgical services, and supply chain maintenance and support within an Oracle database environment.  • Review system configurations and make recommendations to optimize Allscripts and CPSI environments.  • Provide SIS, hardware, and software training to all staff.  • Install, upgrade, maintain, troubleshoot all SIS software systems.  • Crystal reporting build, maintenance, modification  • Windows server administration, support, and scripting  • Attention to Detail-Evaluate procedures and methods for determining risks, vulnerability  • Customer Service - Serve as a technical advisor on program effectiveness, efficiency, policy, and direction  • Oral Communication - Maintain contact with industry stakeholders  • Problem Solving - Make recommendations to resolve shortfalls in system security features and practices  • Security-focused all-source analysis efforts focused on network, system, and application vulnerabilities and researching and providing mitigation to resolve the vulnerabilities  • Planning and/or managing research and analysis efforts to inform decision makers on threats to infrastructure, enterprise-level capabilities, and risk of vulnerability exploitation  • Identifying information technology security program implications of new technologies or technology upgrades  • Overseeing the development, documentation, and management of analytical requirements, threat-based capabilities research and analysis, and presenting recommendations to senior leaders for enterprise-level system changes, procedures, and processes.  • CPSI configuration, support, implementation  • SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Developer, SQL 2008 R2, SQL2012 Applications Analyst Memorial Hospital April 2012 to January 2014 • Gather and compiled analytical reports as well as compile and provide business analysis reports via Cerner Reporting Modules via Crystal Reporting application.  • Provided expert technical and administrative functionality in quality assurance, records management, information systems, application support and implementation within Peoplesoft Supply Chain and Financial applications and Cerner Supply Chain, Charge Services, Surgical environments.  • Analyze the software/network solution needs of customers within Cerner, Peoplesoft, and Allscripts environments.  • Program, configure, test, debug, document and install application programs and technologies and changes to existing programs/technologies as well as set-up advanced network options and 3rd party interfaces in the Cerner and Peoplesoft environment.  • Diagnose and provide advanced problem solving and troubleshooting solutions by phone or on site.  • Execute maintenance procedures, including system upgrades, patch management and system backups.  • Application administration including development via SQL developer  • Compose and validate Cerner, PeopleSoft, and Allscripts processes and procedures.  Setup and maintain user access to respective Cerner and Peoplesoft environments.  • Apply standard IT principles, concepts, practices, and techniques. Manage, test, deploy software via SQL  • Build, Modify, Create, Maintain Crystal Reports  • Back-end Peoplesoft and Cerner Oracle Database build, maintenance, and support.  • Review Allscripts, Peoplesoft, and Cerner configurations and make recommendations to improve the client's workflow processes and better meet their needs.  • Operate as a SME (Subject Matter Expert) in Allscripts Patient Accounting, Cerner Surgical and Supply Chain, PeopleSoft Financials and Supply Chain environments.  • Provide SIS, hardware, and software training to all staff.  • Install, upgrade, maintain, troubleshoot all SIS software systems.  • Attention to Detail-Evaluate procedures and methods for determining risks, vulnerability  • Customer Service - Serve as a technical advisor on program effectiveness, efficiency, policy, and direction  • Oral Communication - Maintain contact with industry stakeholders  • Problem Solving - Make recommendations to resolve shortfalls in system security features and practices  • Security-focused all-source analysis efforts focused on network, system, and application vulnerabilities and researching and providing mitigation to resolve the vulnerabilities  • Planning and/or managing research and analysis efforts to inform decision makers on threats to infrastructure, enterprise-level capabilities, and risk of vulnerability exploitation  • Identifying information technology security program implications of new technologies or technology upgrades  • Overseeing the development, documentation, and management of analytical requirements, threat-based capabilities research and analysis, and presenting recommendations to senior leaders for enterprise-level system changes, procedures, and processes.  • SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Developer, SQL 2008 R2, SQL2012  • Crystal Reports Technical Support Analyst Tek Systems April 2011 to April 2012 • Support of Microsoft Office 2007/2013/2016  • Support of Microsoft Windows 7/8/10  • Support of standard networking protocols  • Able to understand a client's needs and respond accordingly  • Strong verbal and written communication skills  • Able to learn quickly  • Medical Staff Services experience and support of Surgical, Clinical, and Billing systems  • Hardware Support  • Vmware Support  • Active Directory  • Email Support Technical Support Analyst Tek Systems September 2009 to March 2011 • Support of Microsoft Office 2007/2013/2016  • Support of Microsoft Windows 7/8/10  • Support of standard networking protocols  • Able to understand a client's needs and respond accordingly  • Strong verbal and written communication skills  • Able to learn quickly  • Medical Staff Services experience and support of Surgical, Clinical, and Billing systems  • Hardware Support  • Vmware Support  • Active Directory  • Email Support Education Bachelor's Degree in Business Law Strayer University - Ocean Springs, MS October 2018 Associate's Degree in Business Administration California Coast University - Ocean Springs, MS August 2008 Masters in Healthcare Administration Jack Welch University - Ocean Springs, MS Skills DBA, Sql Dba, Oracle Dba, Sql Server, MYSQL
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1254.html#285:::Derivatives (HFT) Sales Broker;Business Developer;Database Administrator;Sales;Business Development;Outlook;Data Entry;Excel;accounting:::Derivatives (HFT) Sales Broker Derivatives (HFT) Sales Broker UCLA Extension - Accounting Certificate (Jun.19') Los Angeles, CA Expert sales broker and business developer with both front (client facing) and back (support & development) office experience. Led corporate-level projects as Project Manager and coordinated multiple IT developments to assure system compliance with  federal regulations. Comes from a strong technical background as a programmer, attained realistic knowledge in business with specialties in finance and have strong understanding of accounting regulations from completing the accounting certificate at UCLA Extension. Actively preparing for the CPA examination. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Derivatives (HFT) Sales Broker NH Investment & Securities - Seoul, KR November 2011 to June 2017 Consulted with corporate clients on new investment opportunity and on building highly competitive trading system.   • Created detail-oriented documentation for both internal and external use by analyzing real-time market data for trading strategies. Achieved over 40% market-share in Options traded on the KRX exchange.  • Built new sales plan and trading idea to improve client relationship, resulting in on-boarding 2-3 new institutional (hedge-fund) clients on a yearly base.  • Coordinated all IT related operations to improve the main trading system, building a reputation in the market for the fastest and most stabilized trading system to maintain top ranking in the High-Frequency-Trading (HFT) business Business Developer Daishin Securities - Seoul, KR August 2010 to November 2011 Start-up member of the High Frequency Trading (Brokerage) team, actively interacted with market participants and successfully  onboarded two corporate clients successfully.  • Coordinated IT, Risk Management and Compliance team to negotiate company policies of the new business and created operational guideline for algorithmic (system) trading.  • Cultivated client relationship to uncover client needs and introduce various trading options including complex derivatives and treasury bonds. Database Administrator E-BEST Securities - Seoul, KR December 2008 to August 2010 In addition to my main responsibility as database administrator, worked on many projects as a Project Manager (PM); eventually coordinating 3 major corporate projects for new business.  • Managed the Oracle database and applications  • Cooperated with various vendors and internal departments to connect applications and to confirm the end-products address all Federal / Exchange regulations. Education Bachelor's in Computer Engineering in Computer Engineering Hongik University - Seoul, KR February 2009 Skills Sales, Business Development, Outlook, Data Entry, Excel, accounting Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/lyanbaek
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1255.html#286:::Systems Administrator;SharePoint Administrator;System Administrator;System Administrator;Help Desk Technician;Technician;Database Administrator;Systems and Database Administrator:::Systems Administrator Systems <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Systems Administrator Tampa, FL System Administrator qualifications include 7.5yrs. of configuring, installing, and monitoring  Microsoft Windows Servers as well as maintaining a secure and reliable environment for  production servers. Have 5yrs. experience with virtualization technologies like installing and  configuring ESXi platforms. As well as ESXi system planning, coordinating, and implementing  in a 3 tier environment. Created, managed, administered and maintained virtual servers and  clients. Have the ability maintain a reliable and methodical approach to support and  documentation. Work Experience Systems Administrator DSCI October 2012 to June 2014 Kabul, Afghanistan, RNSM    • Installed, configured and deployed Vmware products such as ESXi, Vmware  Workstation, and Vmconverter in a classed and unclassified environment.  • Migrated production Vms using storage vMotion to new Datacenter with zero downtime.  • Planned and implemented ESXi upgrades.  • Implemented P2V and V2V conversions with Vmware converter.  • Created clones and templates, and deployed virtual machines with those templates.  • Configured and carved storage LUNs on SANs such as Dell MD3000(i), NetApp  FAS2040 and Equallogic PS6500 for datastores via Iscsi for Vmware virtualization.  • Configured, tested, and deployed a SharePoint 2010 farm within a virtual infrastructure.  • Migrated and updated a MOSS 2007 portal over to a SharePoint 2010 farm.  • Deployed and configured Adobe Breeze software used for daily updates and awareness of insurgent activities within the area. SharePoint Administrator DSCI - Bagram, AF July 2011 to October 2012 Bagram, Afghanistan, CJSOTF    • Miscellaneous projects would include troubleshooting issues with a NetApp FAS3170s to be utilized as storage for backups.  • Maintained a SharePoint 2010 infrastructure for a 80% user dependency level portal.  • Oversaw activity pertaining to the maintenance of SharePoint.  • Customized SharePoint sites using web parts for company/client purposes.  • Provided technical support for SharePoint users.  • Applied updates to companies edition of SharePoint as necessary.  • Held training and informational sessions to teach users how to use SharePoint.  • Created Active Directory domain security groups for SharePoint users.  • Configured, tested, and deployed a SharePoint 2010 farm within a virtual infrastructure.  • Migrated all data from a SharePoint 2007 portal over to a new SharePoint 2010 farm.  • Setup maintenance plans to include backups for SQL 2008 servers hosting SharePoint System Administrator DSCI September 2009 to July 2011 Kabul, Afghanistan, NATO Training Mission    • Deploy and build new virtual infrastructures-solid understanding of VMware ESX server and server hardware.  • Identify and resolve virtual, network, and hardware related system performance  problems.  • Perform troubleshooting activities to minimize impact to operations.  • Actively participate in planning, coordinating, and implementing Windows operating  systems and applications.  • Maintain knowledgebase of current technology with continuous self study  • Deploy Vcenter application for the consolidation of ESX servers downrange.  • Configured and carved storage LUNs on SANs such as Dell MD3000(i) and Equallogic  PS6500 for datastores via Iscsi for Vmware virtualization.  • Administered, maintained and updated MOSS within the NIPR/SIPR portals.  • Provide troubleshooting and problem solving for users of the MOSS platform.  • Responsible for effective provisioning, installation/configuration, operation, and maintenance of systems hardware and software and related infrastructure. System Administrator General Dynamics June 2008 to September 2009 Kabul, Afghanistan, Army Corp. of Engineers    • Maintain and update licenses for AutoCAD and Bentley software for headquarters.  • Implemented and maintained a SQL 2005 database to run as a backend to a scheduling  software called Primavera 6 that's used for project tracking.  • Addressed Active Directory issues pertaining to user accounts as well as daily Active  Directory tasks.  • Assist users with updating the AEDs internal MOSS site with their data as well as any  other adjustments that needed to be made.  • Maintain backup jobs for headquarters as well as designated remote sites using BackUp  Exec 10 and Networker.  • Various Exchange tasks through Exchange System Manager. Created and added virtual  machines to the domain for a testing environment. Help Desk Technician ASCI February 2008 to June 2008 Kabul, Afghanistan, Army Corp. of Engineers    • Assisted United States Army Corp of Engineers as well as military personnel with in- processing through Headquarters as well as downrange.  • Provided user support services remotely and over the phone.  • Traveled downrange for maintenance of equipment. Created and updated a sharepoint  tracking database to ensure all equipment was accounted for once received. Created  images for AED network baselines using Remote Installation Services.    6247 Savannah Breeze CT. Apt. 301, Tampa, FL Home: (813) 609-7245 hamiltone@live.com Technician ITT, ADPE July 2006 to February 2008 Kabul, Afghanistan, TAC-SWACAA    • Provided professional laptop/desktop support and customer service to military and civilian customers.  • Work involved troubleshooting hardware problems and repairing or referring to another  repair facility as appropriate.  • Troubleshot and resolved network connectivity issues at the desktop level.  • Troubleshot Outlook / Microsoft Exchange Server connectivity issues.  • Responsible for both classified and unclassified computer system stability through the use of DOD-approved, Government-furnished operating systems and software. Database Administrator ITT October 2005 to July 2006 Amman, Jordan, GMASS    • Duties include the configuring and maintaining of Automated Logistic Information  Management System (ALIMS).  • Data entry into ALIMS for tracking parts and maintenance costs for each refurbished  vehicle.  • Maintained SQL 2000 Server database used to store the information in ALIMS.  • Produce reports that reflect the overall progress of production control and supply. Systems and Database Administrator The Logistics Company, Database/Systems - Fort Bragg, NC December 2004 to October 2005 Duties include knowledge of, and skill in applying backup and recovery procedures, and commonly used query languages, such as SQL or Access.  • Creating reports from available data stored in the database using Crystal Reports.  • Responsible for protecting the operating systems while monitoring compliance with policies and procedures. Education Bachelor Of Science Fayetteville State University - Fayetteville, NC 2002 Associates Of Science Olive Harvey College - Chicago, IL 1995
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1256.html#287:::Cyber Security Analyst;Senior Cyber security Analyst;MySQL Database Administrator:::Cyber Security Analyst Cyber Security Analyst IT ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR - ProTech Inc Beltsville, MD I have 7 years of experience as an Information Security Analyst; I am knowledgeable in Risk Management Framework (RMF), Security Life Cycle, Systems Development Life Cycle (SDLC), and vulnerabilities management using FISMA, and applicable NIST standards.    Tools/Skills    Nessus, Wire shark, Nmap, Web Inspect, App Scan, Metasploit Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Cyber Security Analyst ProTech Inc - Beltsville, MD January 2013 to Present Senior Cyber security Analyst Top Group Technologies May 2012 to Present • Perform vulnerability assessment, ensuring risks are assessed and appropriate actions are taken to mitigate or resolve each.  • Conduct IT controls risk assessments including reviewing organizational policies, standards and procedures, as well as providing advice on their adequacy, accuracy and compliance with industry standards.  • Ensure all Security Authorization documentation for assigned systems remains accurate and up to date on a continuous basis, including, but not limited to, accurate and valid lists of assets (hardware/software), accurate boundary diagrams, accurate ports and protocols, etc.  • Compile, write, update, finalize, produce, and support activities for IT Security Common Control Catalogs and related documentation including, but not limited to, Security Plans or other documents required.  • Compile, write, update, finalize, and produce all FISMA documentation and associated artifacts as required by Client in a manner compliant with all Federal security requirements and policies.  • Ascertain all FISMA documents are updated within 6 months of a new policy release.  • Manage the Interconnection Security Agreements for all systems, including creation, tracking, and vetting.  • Conduct internal, external and 3rd party IT audits, risk assessments, and vulnerability scans.  • Ability to work with governance functions such as physical Security/Facilities, Audit and Accountability, IT, HR, Legal ( NIST AND FISMA ) Compliances.  • Respond to computer security incidents, in-depth computer and network investigations. Assist in or lead incident response to a successful completion.  • Oversee installation, upgrades, and configuration of Information Security software. Make sure issues are properly coordinated, tracked, monitored and resolved globally.  • Be an Information Security subject matter expert (SME) that's part of an information security center of excellence; offering internal management consultancy advice and practical assistance on information security risk and control matters.  • Drive for consistent deployment of information security policies, standards, procedures, guidelines and training.  • Assess Information Technology technical controls, policies and procedures for control gaps. Recommend and support deployment of mitigations design on business need and risk.  • Develop new and improve existing technical documentation.  • Work as a team player.  • Perform Security Risk Assessments, identifying gaps and recommending mitigating controls.  • Develop and present project related material (e.g. to key stakeholders, peers, etc.).  • Support an Application Security program working closely with the developer's application development and QA teams with questions and answers.  • Maintain documentation related to the Application Security program including the development of secure coding policies, procedures and standards, modification of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) to include necessary security checkpoints, code review methodologies, etc.  • Pursue understanding of application security requirements early-on and incorporate into secure code development practices.  • Maintain knowledge of new security trends and technologies.  • Support the assessment and acquisition of application security tools and technologies.    • Review all ISSO provided documentation for accuracy and relevancy, provide follow-up to ISSOs to ensure documents are properly completed.  • Prepare Security Assessment and Authorization (SA&A) packages to ascertain that management, operational and technical security controls adhere to NIST SP 800-53 standards. MySQL Database Administrator ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTRATION 2013 to 2019 Installing oracle software, creating oracle database, performing upgrades and software to new ones, managing database storage structure, patches sets updates, backup recovery, transportable _tablespaces and highly knowledgeable in SQL (Structured Query Language).    MySQL Database Administrator 2013- 2019  Advanced level knowledge of SQL, 15 years' experience in managing large enterprise level MySQL database  MySQL Security Administration  Disaster Recovery (backup recovery management of database)  Administration and maintenance of enterprise database systems  Ability to manage a high-availability database solutions and architectures  Ability to implement a variety of data models, data access, and table maintenance commands  Ability to resolve moderate to complex DB performance and capacity issues, replications  Ability to ensure configuration, upgrade and maintenance  Ability to execute MySQL database backups and restores  Competent working within structured change management processes  Ability to plan and execute database migrations across multiple and divers DB platforms  Aptitude in administration maintenance of enterprise database system  MySQL Enterprise Monitor, MySQL Enterprise Backup, MySQL Replication    Economics and Entrepreneurship Development.  Macro and Micro Economics theory, Econometrics statistical theory, Cost accounting, Management accounting, financial accounting.  Managing people in organizations by organizing awareness and training  Medical Technician licensed with American Board of Nursing.    IT  Excellence in all Microsoft office suites, CAP CYBER SECURITY, SQL 12C certified, Oracle Database Administration Education Bachelor Degree in Economics and Entrepreneurship Development in Economics and Entrepreneurship Development University for Developments Studies
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1257.html#288:::COMMISSIONED SECURITY OFFICER;DATA ENTRY/SCHEDULING;TRACKING AGENT/ DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR;RESEARCH ANALYST;DATA ANALYST;REGISTRAR;DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR;DATA INTERFACE COORDINATOR;EAM ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT;Data integrity;Data modeling;Database;Database design;Document management;Metadata;Crm;Filing;Arrangements;Desktop publishing;Publishing;Microsoft office;Bookkeeping;Strategic planning;Customer relationship management;Client relations;Relationship management:::COMMISSIONED SECURITY OFFICER COMMISSIONED SECURITY OFFICER COMMISSIONED SECURITY OFFICER - Espada Security Services, LLC San Antonio, TX Work Experience COMMISSIONED SECURITY OFFICER Espada Security Services, LLC May 2017 to Present Perform daily inspection and ensure compliance of hotel security and safety requirements and procedures in order to protect hotel property, employees and guests against theft, crime, threats and safety hazards. This may include and is not limited to: patrolling and inspecting assigned areas to include all public areas of the property including meeting rooms, entrances and outside building and grounds; monitoring and checking areas for unauthorized persons, unlocked doors and fire and safety hazards and document all actions. Maintaining the Security procedures and audit/department logs that may include lost and found, storing guests' valuables, key control, emergency procedures, health and safety hazard procedures for all employees and guests. Ensuring all guest room doors are secured. DATA ENTRY/SCHEDULING Pyramid Consulting February 2017 to March 2017 Spectrum/Charter Communications (Pyramid Consulting)  Ensured that customers receive the best service possible through processing orders, preparing general correspondence and coordinating with other functions as required. Quality checked all Core order types in Salesforce.com for accuracy and policy adherence and accurately enters these orders into the billing system. Cross referenced all Commercial Service Agreements with Salesforce.com database to ensure Sales Order accuracy and adherence to regional and corporate policies and procedures. Adhered to productivity standards to ensure all orders are handled in a timely and efficient manner. Applied appropriate stages, statuses, and comments to all Service Requests/Opportunities - throughout the life of the order - when applicable. Prioritized work in accordance with intervals and/or Customer Requested Due Date. Proficiently set up appropriate charges for commercial accounts and discounts for long-term service agreements. Accurately completed additional duties as assigned, in a timely manner. Performed other reasonably related business duties and special projects as assigned by the supervisor and other management as required TRACKING AGENT/ DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR Choice Staffing November 2016 to December 2016 Eligibility Tracking Calculators (Choice Staffing)  Data collection, formatting, data entry, analysis of employee benefits information of multiple companies to determine Health Benefits Eligibility using Microsoft Excel RESEARCH ANALYST KLD Associates April 2015 to June 2016 Data collection on traffic safety issues, crash reconstruction for injury analysis, and data entry and analysis of Police Accident Reports into National Department of Transportation database DATA ANALYST Dahill (Selectstaff) November 2014 to February 2015 Responsible for assuring the integrity of project data, including data extraction, storage, manipulation, processing and analysis. Processing data using VLOOKUP formula development, Pivot Table generation, and Pivot reporting. REGISTRAR American Dental Association October 2014 to October 2014 Responsible for registering delegates, Registration Fee collections Data Entry, Material Distribution  RM-BPO ORDER ENTRY DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR Accenture August 2014 to September 2014 Data entry using JD Edwards software, Created charts and Excel reports, Imported and exporting compliance blueprint/specification documents, Recommended solutions by defining database physical structure and functional capabilities, database security, data back-up, and recovery specifications *Achieved Supply Chain Buyer Certification*  DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR DATA INTERFACE COORDINATOR Alion Science and Technology March 2014 to April 2014 Building and maintaining databases using Oracle and Microsoft Access, Recommended solutions by defining database physical structure and functional capabilities, database security, data back-up, and recovery specifications  DATA INTERFACE COORDINATOR EAM ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT Zachry Industrial October 2013 to January 2014 Energy Transfer, LLC October 2012 to May 2013 Created training module design using Infor EPAK, Assisted with creating and maintaining Reports using Cognos software, Updated and tracked changes in data using Enterprise Asset Management Software, Acquainted and trained new employees with office procedures Education BS in Information Systems Database Development and Management Strayer University - San Antonio, TX 2011 AS St Philip's College - San Antonio, TX 1998 Skills Data integrity, Data modeling, Database, Database design, Document management, Metadata, Crm, Filing, Arrangements, Desktop publishing, Publishing, Microsoft office, Bookkeeping, Strategic planning, Customer relationship management, Client relations, Relationship management Additional Information SKILLS  Microsoft Office (All Versions)  Verbal & Written Communication  Customer Relationship Management (CRM) Systems  Strategic Planning  Client Relations  Desktop Publishing  Document Management  Competent at filing and updating records  Adept at making travel and accommodation arrangements  Working knowledge of bookkeeping tasks  Special talent for researching and analyzing data effectively  Data Modeling and Database design  Metadata Management and Repository Usage  Database Schema Creation and Management  Database Backup and Recovery  Ensuring Data Integrity
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1258.html#289:::Database Consultant/ Business Analyst;Data Analyst;Oracle Database Jr. administrator:::Database Consultant/ Business Analyst <span class="hl">Database</span> Consultant/ Business Analyst Chicago, IL • Highly Skilled Professional with experience in Software Design, Development, Analysis,Data Warehouse and Business Intelligence tools.  • Extensive experience in Information Technology with special emphasis on design & development of Database/Data Warehousing/Client-Server/.  • Exceptional background in analysis, design, development, customization, and implementation and testing of software applications and products.  • Excellent technical and analytical skills with clear understanding of design goals of ER modeling for OLTP and dimension modeling for OLAP.  • Experience in Performance tuning of Queries and indexing to improve Performance.  • Ability to code and implement complex business rules in Oracle SQL, PL/SQL.  • Team player and self-starter with excellent communication and documentation skills, ability to work independently or as part of a team and capable of picking up new skills quickly.  • Expertise in gathering requirements and end user training.  • Experience as an Oracle Database administrator, PL/SQL Developer in Analysis, Design and Implementation of Business Applications using the Oracle Relational Database Management System (RDBMS).  • Oracle Certified Associate(OCA).  • Involved in all phases of the SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle) from analysis, design, development, testing, implementation and maintenance with timely delivery against aggressive deadlines.  • Experience with Data flow diagrams, Data dictionary, Database normalization theory techniques, Entity relation modeling and design techniques.  • Knowledge bout Client-Server application development using Oracle 11g/10g/9i/8i, PL/SQL, SQL *PLUS.  • Effectively made use of Table Functions, Indexes, Analytical functions, Materialized Views.  • Ability to work with minimum supervision. Work Experience Database Consultant/ Business Analyst 2015 to Present Responsibilites:  • Key responsibility inlcues of Application Maintaience Support for REPLY's product Click. Click software is a warehouse management product.  • Provided assistance and coaching during ServiceNow roll-over and served as ServiceNow SME.  • Manage tickets and create, update and manage knowledge base using ServiceNow and Jira.  • Managed tickets in EZ-Service before roll-over.  • Manages and tracks known application problems through Redmine.  • Troubleshoot application, relational databases, web based application and industrial processes (Oracle DB, PL/SQL).  • Troubleshoot software issues and analyze data to help clients  • Support end users via phone or in person.  • Create system health reports and tracks daily ticket flow.  • Involved in production support for the warehouse which involves acknowledging the issue raised in ServiceNow and tracking its progress.  • Issue fixing involves root cause analysis, fixing of the PL-SQL script, testing and deployment of the fix in the Production environment.  • Tracking the whole progress of the fix and updating the same in ServiceNow.  • Involved in developing detailed test plan, test cases and test scripts using PL/SQL for the proposed fix.  • Involved in understanding of Data models and SRS/mappings documents.  • Involved in creation/review of functional and technical requirement specifications and supporting documents for business systems.  • Strong ability in developing advanced SQL queries to extract, manipulate, and/or calculate information to fulfill data and reporting requirements including identifying the tables and columns from which data is extracted for database testing.  • Created database objects like tables, procedures, sequences using Oracle tools like SQL* Plus, TOAD and PL/SQL.  • Handling structured and unstructured data.  • Performed data validation to check all business rules and requirements are met.  • Defining the scope of projects and feasibility study.  • Requirement understanding from customer and delegating the requirement with the team mates.  • Effort estimation, preparing status reports and attending the client status meetings via call.  • Reviewing the issue fixes of the project and testing the developed modules with the Onsite coordinator  • Performed debugging of the PL/SQL codes using the DBMS_OUTPUT.  • Involved in developing detailed test plan, test cases and test scripts using PL/SQL.  • Worked closely with the technical teams and DBAs for issues related to code changes, data fixes, and testing.  • Documented business rules, functional and technical designs, test cases, and user guides.  • Coordinate with DBA and developer team to analyze the performance issue of data servers and try to resolve it up to the business needs.  • Participate in creation and review of system technical design specs for projects/releases.  • Perform DDL/DML changes in DEV, UAT & Production environments.  • Involved in conducting meetings with the business for discussing open Change Requests/Problem issues/Tickets.  • Writing Root Cause Analysis(RCA) for issue with high severity Data Analyst US bank, Naperville March 2014 to 2015 Responsibilities:  • Perform analysis of the given data and draw accurate inferences, in accord with the objectives of the analysis.  • Gather data required to conduct analysis from several sources, compile it together in prescribed format and enter the data in several data analysis softwares.  • Evaluate the given problem, situation and crisis; investigate for solutions using data analysis practices and prepare analysis reports.  • Determine the methodologies and procedures for carrying out effective data analysis. Provide training to the staff members on the new systems implemented.  • Assist the organization in performing data compiling and analysis required to evaluate the given data  • Help the organization take sound decision.  • Prepare analysis reports and be responsible to answer any queries, complaints or suggestion in this regard. Oracle Database Jr. administrator May 2012 to July 2013 Responsibilities-  • Coordinated with the front end design team to provide them with the necessary stored procedures and packages and the necessary insight into the data.  • Involved in the continuous enhancements and fixing of production problems.  • Generated server side PL/SQL scripts for data manipulation and validation and materialized views for remote instances.  • Created scripts to create new tables, views, queries for new enhancement in the application using TOAD.  • Created indexes on the tables for faster retrieval of the data to enhance database performance.  • Extensively involved in using hints to direct the optimizer to choose an optimum query execution plan.  • Used Bulk Collections for better performance and easy retrieval of data, by reducing context switching between SQL and PL/SQL engines.  • Creation of database objects like tables, views, materialized views, procedures and packages using oracle tools like PL/SQL Developer and SQL* plus.  • Partitioned the fact tables and materialized views to enhance the performance.  • Created records, tables, collections (nested tables and arrays) for improving Query performance by reducing context switching.  • Handled errors using Exception Handling extensively for the ease of debugging and displaying the error messages in the application  • Created Tables, Views, Constraints, Index (B Tree, Bitmap and Function Based).  • Developed materialized views for data replication in distributed environments.  • Excellent technical and analytical skills with clear understanding of design goals of ER modeling for OLTP and dimension modeling for OLAP.  • Loaded Data into Oracle Tables using SQL Loader.  • Created Packages and Procedures to automatically drop table indexes and create indexes for the tables.  • Good knowledge of key Oracle performance related features such as Query Optimizer, Execution Plans and Indexes.  • Experience with Performance Tuning for Oracle RDBMS.  • Database administration, installation and upgrading the database.  • Creating database as per business requirement using DBCA and command line.  • Optimizing the performance of the database.  • Maintaining Achieved logs.  • Troubleshooting oracle database using SQL traces utilities.  • Administer all database object including tables, clusters, indexes, views, sequence, packages and procedures.  • Creating new database user.  • Creating profiles and attaching them with users and monitoring users.  • Worked with development team for code development.  • Granting specific privileges and roles to the users.  • Revoking privileges from users as per business requirement  • SQL Tuning in an Oracle Environment (Data retrieval, Data definition language, Data manipulation language, Data control language). Education Bachelors of Engineering in COMPUTER SCIENCE Nagpur University - Nagpur, Maharashtra 2012
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1259.html#290:::Sr. Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator:::Sr. Oracle Database Administrator Sr. Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Sr. Oracle Database Administrator - Portland General Electric Apt, AR 8+ years of professional experience as an Oracle Database Administrator with expertise in Oracle 12c multitenant, Golden Gate, Backup & Recovery using RMAN, RAC, ASM, Flashback Technology, TDE, Performance Tuning, Capacity planning, Patching, Migration, Upgrades, Data guard and Cloning.    ? Extensive experience on Database Administration for multi-terabyte Oracle 12C, 11g, 10g & 9i databases on different platforms such as Linux AIX, etc.  ? Experience in Oracle cluster-ware setup and configuration, installation of oracle RAC with ASM.  ? Experience in setting up Oracle Golden Gate unidirectional and bi-directional data replication.  ? Experience in implementing database security using TDE and in-flight encryption.  ? Expert in cloning of databases using RMAN and 12c PDB cloning (local and remote).  ? Good experience on Backup & Recovery methods of Database using RMAN, export/import using data pump and cold backups.  ? Experience in Instance Tuning and SQL Tuning to improve the performance.  ? Experience in implementing High Availability solutions with Oracle Data Guard (physical and logical standby databases).  ? Strong skills of upgrading databases to higher version (11g to 12c,10g R2 to 11g).  ? Experience in application tuning (SQL statements and storage structures) and Instance tuning (Memory, I/O) using various tools like OEM, AWR (Automatic workload Repository), statspack, etc.  ? Experience in using Flashback Technology for recovery of objects.  ? Good experience in configuring and administration of ASM in RAC environment.  ? Expert in administering databases through Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM).  ? Experience in writing shell scripts, PL/SQL procedures and automation.  ? Experience in applying patch sets on databases. Work Experience Sr. Oracle Database Administrator Portland General Electric - Portland, OR January 2016 to Present Responsibilities:  ? Design, Installation and Administration of oracle 12C multitenant databases (standalone, 3-node RAC and ASM) on Linux.  ? Configured split mirror snapshot backup technology (EMC), utilizing RMAN to take backup from snapshot copy to reduce performance impact on the production databases.  ? Installed GoldenGate and set up unidirectional data replication from multiple source systems to reporting database on 12c databases. Configured integrated extracts and replicats by developing parameter files, setup credential store for GoldenGate logins and passwords, Tuned Goldengate to handle tables with high transactions and large amount of data.  ? Involved in Disaster Recovery exercise utilizing VMware site recovery manager (SRM) and storage array-based replication SRDF (Symmetrix remote data facility).  ? Implemented tablespace level Transparent Data Encryption (TDE) and in-flight encryption on 12c databases to protect data from unauthorized attacks. Worked on creating password-based software key stores, Auto-login key stores, Export/Import of master encryption keys in case of moving databases or cloning, etc.  ? Created RAC services with preferred and available instances to separate OLTP from batch processes.  ? Created shell scripts to automate database renaming, database maintenance and alerting, monitoring and alerting the status of GoldenGate extracts and replicats, extracting and restoring users as part of database refreshes, etc.  ? Implemented partitioning on large tables to help with performance.  ? Explored and worked on 12C new features like unplugging/plugging of PDBS, local PDB cloning, remote PDB cloning using db links, single table restore using RMAN, PDB metadata clone etc.  ? Refreshed databases using different technologies like snapshots at storage level, PDB cloning, datapump export/import, RMAN restores/cloning and RMAN duplicate etc.  ? Test all possible recovery scenarios periodically including recovering lost datafiles/controlfile with media failure, restoring dropped tables, recovering deleted data and corrupted data, etc. using RMAN and flashback features.  ? Performance tuning of Memory/SQL Queries using tools like Oracle Enterprise manager (OEM), AWR, SQL tracing, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN, ASH, SQL baseline and SQL Profiles.  ? Worked on Data purging/Archiving solution with ILM (Information lifecycle management) and transportable tablespaces.  ? Worked on storage migration from Netapp to EMC.  ? Configured and scheduled RMAN Hot & Archive log backups using commvault and cohesity tools. Generated and reviewed backup reports daily.  ? Configured and used Flashback Technology for recovery of objects in the database.  ? Worked on setting up purging policies to trace files using ADRCI.  ? Applied Combo PSU patches (OJVM+GI) to 12c oracle home and grid home.  ? Involved in Security Management by creating roles and profiles, protecting PII data with views and reviewing SOX reports.  ? 24X7 Production on-call support rotation every 3 weeks.    Environment: Oracle 12C, RAC, ASM, OEM 13C/12C, RMAN, Commvault, Cohesity, Golden gate, DataGuard, SQL Developer, TOAD, EDMS, Jenkins, Appworx, Shell Scripting, Linux, AIX, SRM, SRDF. Oracle Database Administrator Deutsche Bank - New York, NY January 2015 to January 2016 Responsibilities:  ? Installation and Administration of oracle 12c and 11g databases in RAC, ASM, GoldenGate and Data Guard environment.  ? Upgraded oracle databases from 11.2.0.4 to 12.1.0.2.  ? Installed and configured GoldenGate using classic extracts, pumps and replicat processes as a disaster recovery solution. Used report files, discard files, ggserr log and log dump utility to troubleshoot replication issues.  ? Configured RMAN full, incremental level 0 & level 1 backups. Worked on advanced RMAN recovery techniques including Tablespace Point-in-time Recovery, restore of a database to a new host, recovering database with a backup controlfile, block media recovery etc.  ? Administration of oracle databases 12c and 11g using OEM (Oracle Enterprise Manager).  ? management of schema objects for optimal performance by reclaiming unused space using segment advisor, defragmenting tables by shrinking/moving/recreating, eliminating row migration & row chaining, compiling invalid objects etc.  ? Refresh of Dev, Test environments with Production data and transporting schemas between databases.  ? using Flashback version query technology to compare current data with historical data at a given time and restoring dropped objects with flashback feature.  ? Involved in various database activities like setting up OEM alerts, monitoring and responding to alerts, scheduling jobs through OEM, reviewing daily reports and fixing backup issues, helping application and development teams with tracing etc.  ? Performed application tuning of poorly written SQL statements, Instance tuning using the tools OEM, AWR, EXPLAIN PLAN, Auto trace, ADDM and STATSPACK.  ? Implemented high availability solution using Data Guard.  ? Developed Shell scripts, PL/SQL procedures and Triggers as per the requirements of the application.  ? Monitoring the health of the database by checking alert log files, trace files, AWR reports, OEM history frequently and making recommendations to improve application performance.  ? Installed oracle clients on Linux and windows machines.  ? Implemented quarterly patch sets and one-off bug fix patches on 11g and 12c oracle homes.  ? 24*7 on-call support for production environment.    Environment: Oracle 12C/11g, RAC, Linux, OEM, AWR, ASM, Shell Scripting, ADDM, STATSPACK, RMAN, Golden Gate, DataGuard. Oracle Database Administrator Motorola Solutions November 2013 to December 2014 Responsibilities:  ? Installation and administration of Oracle 11g and 10g databases in RAC environment  ? Maintained database backup and recovery by using RMAN utility and logical backups.  ? Used GoldenGate technology to replicate data across databases for reporting  ? Upgrades database from 10g to 11g on Linux.  ? Creating and managing password files, managing processes with shared server architecture and memory management by setting SGA and PGA parameters.  ? Created materialized views in a warehouse environment and setup schedules for their refreshes.  ? Enhanced the performance of the applications by dividing large tables into smaller table partitions with the help of Partitioning.  ? Created Standby databases on OLTP environment using DataGuard as a disaster recovery solution.  ? Involved in Tuning of time-consuming SQL Queries using EXPLAIN PLAN, gathering statistics, altering the execution plan using SQL baseline and SQL profiles.  ? Developing shell scripts for automation of backups using Crontab.  ? Involved in migration of data from files to oracle database.  ? Managing users and security of the database with privileges, roles and auditing.  ? Applying bug-fix and PSU patches.  ? 24*7 production Database on-call support.    Environment: Oracle 10g/11g, Linux, Sun Solaris, AWR, ADDM, RAC, Shell Scripts, SQL, PL/SQL, OEM., Crontab. Oracle Database Administrator Cummins India Ltd June 2011 to October 2013 Responsibilities:  ? Creating and administration of Oracle 10g RAC databases on Linux platform.  ? Upgraded the databases from Oracle 9i to Oracle 10g.  ? Creating and managing tablespaces, datafiles, temp files and undo.  ? Performed regular day-to-day administration activities like backing up the databases using RMAN, user access, helping with connection issues, monitoring the disk usage etc.    ? Maintained the database Security. Creating users, granting Roles and Privileges, dropping users, creating profiles and password verify functions.  ? Creating tables, indexes, primary keys, foreign keys and maintain data integrity. Creating views to restrict access for security reasons. Creating PL/SQL procedures as per the application requirement.  ? Creating network related files to establish remote connections to the database.  ? Loading data into oracle database from external files using SQL*Loader.  ? Created indexes to enhance the query performance.  ? Reorganization of tables using Expdp & Impdp for defragmentation.  ? Generated AWR and STATSPACK reports to monitor health of the databases.    Environment: Oracle 10g/11g, Linux, Shell Scripts, SQL, PL/SQL, SQL Developer, SQL Loader, RMAN. Education Bachelor of Technology in Technology JNTU Hyderabad - Hyderabad, Telangana
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\126.html#291:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;DATABASE (7 years);ORACLE (7 years);RMAN (7 years);LINUX (4 years);PERFORMANCE TUNING (3 years):::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator Pittsburgh, PA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Bank Of New York Mellon / Eagle Investment Systems - Pittsburgh, PA 2016 to 2018 Took lead in disaster recovery and business continuity exercises.    • Upgraded databases to version 12c from 11g and 10g and applied patches as required on  Linux server to improve performance companywide and utilize latest features.  • Performed Database Refresh from Production to QA, User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and  Development databases. Successfully implemented Backup & Recovery using RMAN, and user managed backups.  • Troubleshot and tuned database performance issues that reduced time from approximately  one hour to under 20 seconds.  • Took a lead role in the configuration and support of the Data Guard environment for any  disaster recovery needed.  • Completed database health-checks, integrity and space management on ASM and file  system storage.  Anne Juma 301-658-8576 Oracle Database Administrator Fidelity Investments - Boston, MA 2013 to 2016 Upgraded and maintained databases.    • Successfully implemented 11g RAC on nodes for high availability.  • Extensively used AWR, ADDM and explain plan for periodic performance tuning.  • Implemented Data pump on Oracle 11g for re-organizing Databases, Schemas, and Tables to improve the performance.  • Involved in construction of Data Guard sites for all the Production environments.  • Implemented and managed optimum physical database design (tablespaces, datafiles,  extents, redo logs, archive logs) and assessed database capacity by monitoring online  storage, growth and file system space.  • Configured database monitoring utilities that reduced false alarms to a minimum  • Developed and modified database backup and recovery strategies using RMAN. Education Bachelor of Science in International Business Administration United States International University - Nairobi, KE Skills DATABASE (7 years), ORACLE (7 years), RMAN (7 years), LINUX (4 years), PERFORMANCE TUNING (3 years) Links http://linkedin.com/in/anne-juma Additional Information Core competencies include:    • 12c, 11g, 10g configuration and • Shell scripting  installation database • ASM  • Database upgrades, patches / migration • PL/SQL and SQL  • Database backup and recovery - RMAN • Data Guard  • Database performance tuning    TECHNICAL SKILLS    Operating Systems Tools  Sun Solaris 2.5, through 6.1, Linux/Unix AWR and ADDM, Toad, Putty, Remedy  RHEL WinSCP, Service Now, Geirs  RDBMS Database Utilities  Oracle 10g, 11g, 12c, Basic SQL Server Sqlplus, Oracle Grid Control  Languages  UNIX Shell Scripting, PL/SQL, SQL
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1260.html#292:::Sr. Database Administrator;DBA/Developer;DBA;SQL Developer (Consultant);databases (5 years);ETL (4 years);extract, transform, and load (4 years);SQL (8 years);Stored Procedures (7 years);Sql Dba;DBA;Oracle Dba;MYSQL;Sql Database:::Sr. Database Administrator Sr. <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Sr. Database Administrator - PBGC Kansas City, KS Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Database Administrator PBGC - Washington, DC January 2015 to Present UCSF Medical center has licensed EPIC software developed by EPIC Systems, located in Verona, Wisconsin. The software will be customized to meet the needs of UCSF Medical Center. EPIC software is an end to end solution for Healthcare organizations, enabling them to seamlessly integrate all modules starting from patient registration, all the way to billing.    ? SQL SERVER 2005/2000 Production Environment.    ? Fixed the failed PRINCIPALS (logins), user permissions and security in ACTIVE DIRECTORY and at the    ? SQL SERVER LEVEL.    ? Implemented SIDE BY SIDE Migration of databases from SQL Server 2000 to SQL Server 2005    ? Involved in Normalization, Database design, Performance Analysis and Production Support for very large (VLDB) and Complex Databases.  ? Used native tools like DATA BASE TUNING ADVISOR, PROFILER and ACTIVITY MONITOR for performance analysis.  ? Worked with SQL Server 2008 new MERGE statement.    ? Handling Memory configurations for SQL Server 2000 and SQL Server 2005/2008 on Windows 2003    ? Implemented the new SQL Server 2005 concepts like Data partitioning ,Snap shot isolation, database mirroring, database snapshot, DDL triggers, try-cache blocks, online indexing, DMV's, DMF's, Mail Setup, Jobs, and Alerts, DTA,SQLCMD and dedicated admin connection and Compressed Backups.    ? Created Documentation for steps need to be taken while upgrading the SQL server 2000 to SQL server 2005.    ? Work based on Business Intelligence (BI) and Data Warehousing in SQL Server 2005    ? Implemented new T-SQL features added in SQL Server 2005 that are Data partitioning, Error handling through TRY-CATCH statement, Common Table Expression (CTE).  ? Configured more than 2 GB ram on 32 bit Environment    ? Migrated DTS packages to SSIS packages and maintained the archival data    ? Checking Database Health by using DBCC Commands and DMVS    ? Monitored and modified Performance using execution plans and Index tuning    ? Recovered the System and User databases from suspect mode, Expert in sizing Temp database.    ? Prepared Documentation for the Disaster Recovery plan ,Worked in Active passive cluster environment    ? Implemented new topics like CLR integration on Development Server    ? Wrote and debugged Stored Procedures and (DDL /DML)Triggers , Functions as per client requirements    ? Extensively worked on trouble shooting and fine-tuning of databases for its performance , Rebuilding indexes with different fill factors and update statistics manually  ? Designed and implemented comprehensive Backup plan and disaster recovery    ? Worked extensively in Query analyzer and profiler for tuning queries using variable for characteristics and query costs.  ? Daily routine Developer/DBA tasks like handling user's permissions and space issues on Production and handling maintenance Jobs including backups and restores.  ? Did Performance Tuning of the Stored Procedures.    ? Hands on experience in trouble shooting database issues. Update statistics, database integrity check and Backup operations  ? Extensively used lite speed backup with MS SQL SERVER 2005/2008.    ? Expertise in SQL server Reporting Services(SSRS) and SharePoint    ? Monitoring SQL server performance using profiler to find the performance and dead locks.    ? Worked on call 24/7 Support on weekly basis    Environment: SQL Server 2000/2005/2008 with clustering, Replication, T-SQL, Windows 2003 64-bit, DTS,    SQL Server DB DBA/Developer CVS - Florham Park, NJ November 2010 to February 2012 Contracting Position for SQL Development and some minor Development DBA support.  ? SQL Development to modify specific portions of the Medicare Part D processing to address specific issues with a set of queries.  ? Rewrite portions of a very large DB2 Stored procedure which had performance issues during periods of high volume.  ? Coded a SQL driven script to mask PII data in the various development systems that was modular to allow it to be run in multiple schemas. Ran some backups to allow them to undo the update. DBA CVS - Southbury, CT November 2010 to February 2011 Coordinated DBA support for highly utilized primarily mainframe reporting platform. Supported management reports for hundreds of IBM corporate customers. Responsible for DBA support of DB2 z/OS and DB2 LUW.  ? Architected and production deployed server-based copy of GSMRT, reporting database model in cost-optimized manner (ported from Z/os to LUW).  ? Defined and deploy efficiencies each year providing significant and real savings in Storage and CPU costs, driving efficiency by optimization of repeated queries using explain, indexes, and modification of SQL statements, and saving storage costs by expanding use of archiving and compression, where possible.  ? Defined and deployed processes to extract, transform, and load data, including Unix scripting, REXX code, and defining FTP processes. SQL Developer (Consultant) Global Services - Southbury, CT October 2009 to January 2011 Serving as SQL Developer in the Development Group. Designing and developing solutions utilizing MS SQL Server 2008 R2, Team Foundation Server (TFS 2013), UC4 (Automic).  ? Examine all Corporate SSRS reports for processing inefficiencies.    ? Create design documentation for system enhancements.    ? Modify business processes using Business Requirements Documents.    ? Create ad-hoc reports.    ? Assist other developers in SQL development efforts. Identify areas in code for improvement. Help to determine long running or poorly performing queries.  ? Modify ETL processes. Modify SSIS Packages.    ? Enhance / Debug large stored procedures for large insurance application. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science in Computer Science State University of New York at Stony Brook - Stony Brook, NY Skills databases (5 years), ETL (4 years), extract, transform, and load (4 years), SQL (8 years), Stored Procedures (7 years), Sql Dba, DBA, Oracle Dba, MYSQL, Sql Database Additional Information SKILLS    Technical Competencies Databases: DB2 LUW 9.7, DB2 z/OS Version 9, AIX (7.1), Linux (2.6.32), z/ OS V1.7 Languages: SQL, Python, Unix Shell Scripting(Perl, Korn), SQL PL for DB2 user functions, DB2 stored procedures, Datastage Transformation Language, 370 Assembler, Cobol, REXX, JCL Tools: DB2 Control Center, DB2 Data Studio, DB2 Visualizer, Ultraedit, BMC Change Manager for DB2, DB2 Tools, VSAMASSIST, Tivoli Decision Support Applied Skills: DB2 Architect Support - Planning, Provisioning;  Mapping, DB organization details - partitioning, SQL Data Analysis, SQL Unix Shell Scripting for remediation of data related issues, SQL coding - Stored Procedures, User Defined Functions, SQL Query optimization - Explain, Index Definition and Utilization, SQL coding optimization, Forensic Problem resolution, Datastage ETL Support - Transformations, Jobs, Sequences, Agile Development Methodology, InfoSphere Datastage 8.1 Program product support (install, apply fixes, debug, run traces)
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1261.html#293:::Oracle Database Administrator - Linux;Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle DBA;DBA;Oracle Dba;Sql Server:::Oracle Database Administrator - Linux Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> - Linux Oracle Database Administrator - Linux - Lids Sports Group Zionsville, IN Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator - Linux Lids Sports Group - Zionsville, IN January 2019 to Present Roles and Responsibilities:  • Designing high availability DR solution.  • Managing and troubleshooting Replication.  • Leverage SQL Sentry, OEM or other monitoring tools to monitor database health  • Rapidly troubleshoot complex issues under pressure  • Control and monitor user access to databases  • Monitor and optimize the performance of databases.  • Implement and document processes for backup and recovery of databases  • Participate in multi-team projects, providing technical expertise in the database area  • Perform daily administration of database systems.  • Production experience with Oracle database installation, patches/upgrades, setup, database tuning, RMAN and Oracle Grid  • Create and maintain UNIX shell scripts as needed.  • Support other databases/applications as and when required.  • Research new technologies and recommend applications.  • Performs other duties as assigned.  • Space management for all file systems on LINUX, WINDOWS.  • Setup monitoring alerts as required.  • Database refreshes as per business requirement with PRODUCTION to lower environments.  • Data guard implementation and maintenance for Disaster Recovery.  • Participate in Security monitoring, managing, and testing, such as patches, updates, etc.  • Performance Tuning, Capacity Planning, Standby database (Logical, Physical), Oracle configuration.  • Schedule performance reports AWR / ADDM and fine tune systems based on performance issues.  • Experience in full life cycle of database administration. Worked both as a development and Production Support DBA.  • Hands on experience in Managing Tablespaces, segments, extents, and indexes.  • Experience in Upgrade and Migration of oracle database and RAC to higher version installing patches.  • Experience in applying security patches to the databases using the Opatch Utility.  • Experience in applying Service Packs and Hotfix for various SQL Server Versions.  • Efficient in SQL query optimization using explain plan, TKPROF reports, gathering statistics, pinning the objects.  • Extensive use of Crontab in UNIX environment for scheduling routine tasks. Oracle Database Administrator Finish Line - Indianapolis, IN August 2017 to December 2018 Roles and Responsibilities:  • Supporting 24*7 Production databases along with development and maintenance databases.  • Involved in 24x7 support for production RAC databases with on-call pager  • Supported production, development and testing databases of Multi Terabytes DB sizes.  • Installed and configured Oracle 12c, 11g, 10g 64 Bit on Linux for Production, Development and Testing.  • Migrated 10g database to 11g R2.  • Skilled with stats pack, AWR, ADDM, SAR to check health of database & hardware.  • Used Performance tuning tools such as tkprof, explain plans, oradebug and trace files to tune SQL Queries.  • Performed database cloning to setup test and development database.  • Conducting sizing & capacity planning for Oracle databases.  • Migration of Databases and applying patches whenever required.  • Developed 10 PL/SQL Packages from the scratch for monitoring purpose.  • Experienced with SRVCTL, OCR and Voting Disk of 10g RAC  • Handled RAC Node hangs and node eviction issues.  • Index management for better performance, maintenance of Oracle Database  • Developed RMAN scripts for database backup and recovery including hot and cold backup options for both RAC and standalone instances.  • Installing ASM environment and migrating database from NON-ASM to ASM.  • Configure and manage tablespaces, tables, and users for custom applications.  • Developed views, materialized views, functions, procedures, triggers, packages using PL/SQL & SQL to transform data between source staging area to target staging area  • Creating and dropping of users, granting and revoking permissions to users/roles as and when required.  • Experienced with Space Management and Security.  • Proactive monitoring through OEM 10G GRID Control.  • Database refreshes using RMAN backups and hot backups also extensively using RMAN for all types of recovery/backup scenarios.  • RMAN Catalog maintenance, purging sufficiently old backups from TSM Server etc.  • Troubleshooting problems of development and application teams.  • Upgradation of databases from Oracle 8i to 9i, 8i to 10GR2, 9i to 10GR2 etc..  • Day-to-Day Maintenance of multiple 10G RAC environments on ASM  • Applying Patches to RAC/Non-RAC databases.  • Upgradation of RAC databases from 10.2.0.1 to 10.2.0.2 etc  • Space Management in ASM Disk groups Addition of new disks etc Oracle Database Administrator GE - Trevose, PA February 2015 to April 2017 Roles and Responsibilities:  • Involved in 24x7 support for production RAC databases with on-call support.  • Supported SAP integrated database systems.  • Working with brtools and troubleshooting issues on SAP database systems.  • Using brtools, brspace and other utilities for SAP database environments on PROD, DEV, TEST.  • Supported production, development and testing databases of Multi Terabytes DB sizes.  • Maintain and Administer SQL Server Databases on Windows Server VM  • Applied Patch's to Oracle 10g, 11g tested.  • Upgraded oracle from 11g to 12c  • Supported AWS platforms - AWS Relational database systems.  • Troubleshooting issues with user connections with AWS platforms.  • Creation of new AWS instances.  • Worked on databases on VMWare  • Working with database objects, and creating procedures and functions for the application and its users.  • Actively participate in security monitoring, managing, and testing, such as patches, updates, etc. and proactively address potential infrastructure issues before they occur  • Experience working in information management, with emphasis on database administration, SDLC, systems integration, complex SQL queries, relational database concepts, data warehousing, data modeling, business intelligence and reporting solutions.  • Planning and design of database functions and applications integrating existing and future systems.  • Ability to research and design queries and reports; convert existing reports; develop new custom reports and interfaces.  • Strong problem solving and analytical skills; ability to analyze user problems and recommend alternatives or solutions.  • Ability to understand and communicate technical issues in a non-technical manner Handled RAC Node hangs and node eviction issues.  • Maintaining schemas and partitioning tables.  • Experienced with all kinds (Status, Performance, and Trend Analysis) of DB Monitoring.  • Configure and manage tablespaces, tables, and users for custom applications.  • Developed views, materialized views, functions, procedures, triggers, packages using PL/SQL & SQL to transform data between source staging area to target staging area  • Creating and dropping of users, granting and revoking permissions to users/roles as and when required.  • Worked on Space Management and Security.  • Participating in weekly Scrum meetings and the Development team for new or modified database objects.  • Participating in daily SCRUM meetings and end of sprint backlog review, Writing modifying, and executing baseline scripts and data migrations scripts for applications, including grant privileges.  • Rebuilding of Indexes for better performance and maintenance of Oracle Database.  • Installing ASM environment and migrating database from NON-ASM to ASM.  • Configure and manage tablespaces, tables, and users for custom applications.  • Developed views, materialized views, functions, procedures, triggers, packages using PL/SQL & SQL to transform data between source staging area to target staging area  • Creating and dropping of users, granting and revoking permissions to users/roles as and when required.  • Analyzing Tables & Schemas, collecting system statistics, reorganizing tables and rebuilding indexes.  • Back up of Archive Log files and monitoring space in that mount point.  • Responsible for taking full hot/cold and Differential database backup.  • Cloning and Refresh of Database (using backup and duplicate).  • Database health check using Statspack report, Tkprof, AWR  • Managing and Resolving end user request via HPSC ticketing tool  • Work on OEM issues, setup alerts thresholds.  • Handled RAC Node hangs and node eviction issues.  • Maintaining schemas and partitioning tables.  • Implemented the Security using Oracle Database Vault  • Maintenance of installed Oracle database and supporting multiple production, development and test instances of varied complexity including Multiple Tier and RAC environments.  • Worked on the RAC environment for the high availability managed by ASM. Oracle Database Administrator IBM - Dubuque, IA June 2010 to January 2015 Roles and Responsibilities:  • Managing and creating Oracle database.  • Installed and configured High Availability Oracle Golden Gate (OGG) systems on Oracle 11gR2 RAC environments.  • Manage all aspects of the OGG design, implement and support in development, UAT and production environments.  • Identify and resolve OGG problems occurring in all database environments including performance related issues (i.e. database & SQL tuning).  • Setting up High Availability Oracle Golden Gate (OGG) systems on Oracle 11gR2 RAC environments.  • Troubleshooting typical OGG technical problems such as unique key violation / long transaction abend by using GGSCI / Log dump / discard file analysis etc.  • Performance Tuning OGG in extremely high data volume environments. Installing and configuring OGG heterogeneous environments.  • Monitor and fully analyze performance issues in production Oracle databases by using AWR/ADDM/OEM 12c.  • Installed and configured Oracle 12c, 11g, 10g 64 Bit on Linux for Production, Development and Testing.  • Installed, configured and tested oracle 10g and 11g RAC environment and trouble shooting.  • Resolved replication issues in goldengate.  • Migrated databases using GG and RMAN for 2 node RAC.  • Implemented broadcasting and bi-directional replication.  • Implemented Migration of Databases from 10g to 11g and applying patches whenever required.  • Implemented Standby Database (Physical/Logical) using Data guard for faster Disaster Recovery and HA.  • Design and implemented a complete Backup solution utilizing RMAN via a Recovery Catalog, strategy-included development of daily, weekly and monthly strategy incorporating incremental backups.  • Monitoring & Managing the Tablespaces and datafiles growth  • Proficient in database design, triggers, snapshot and stored procedures in Oracle 9i,10g and 11G  • Database designing, Database administration.  • Defining backup & recovery plan, Database tuning.  Perform reverse engineering of physical data models from databases and SQL scripts.  • Evaluate data models and physical databases for variances and discrepancies.  • Validate business data objects for accuracy and completeness  • Working with database objects and creating procedures and functions for the application and its users.  • Dataguard implementation and maintenance for Disaster Recovery.  • Alert Log Checking (Monitoring) and User trace File and Archive log maintenance.  • Creating users, granting roles, Creating and Maintaining snapshot.  • Database Export and Import Utilities.  • Monitoring locks and various sessions.  • Managing OEM.  • Performing Day-to-Day DBA tasks - performance tuning, database design, system security, database installation configuration, patching, technical database support in 24X7 environment.  • Responsible for quarterly patches, /maintaining/Monitoring/Upgrading the Production/Dev/Test and training databases for products.  • Setup/configured oracle RMAN for database backup and recovery. Application of different recovery procedures for complete and incomplete recoveries depending on the type of failure by using export/import & OS scripts like shell & cron job schedule.  • Installation of oracle database and clients on UNIX and windows (Silent installation, GUI installation.  • Restore and Recover of database from offline, online and RMAN backup.  • Maintaining 1300+ Database instances running on Linux in VERITAS cluster environments.  • Retrieval of backup from TSM (Tivoli Storage Management).  • OEM Monitoring (health, status, alerts, agents etc., Configuration of databases in different groups, Instances, agents, Listener, Setting/Removing Blackout)  • Managing Agent using OEM and manually (upload Matrix, Resynchronization etc.) Oracle DBA Spectrum Health - Grand Rapids, MI September 2009 to May 2010 Roles and Responsibilities:  • Involved in 24x7 support for production RAC databases with on-call pager  • Supported production, development and testing databases of Multi Terabytes DB sizes.  • Installation of 9i, 10g and 11g clients/databases on Solaris and Linux.  • Complete Build of 2-node 10g RAC Cluster on RHEL 4 from scratch.  • Migrated 10g database to 11g R2.  • Skilled with statspack, AWR, ADDM, SAR to check health of database & hardware.  • Used Performance tuning tools such as tkprof, explain plans, oradebug and trace files to tune SQL Queries.  • Performed database cloning to setup test and development database.  • Conducting sizing & capacity planning for Oracle databases.  • Migration of Databases and applying patches whenever required.  • Developed 10 PL/SQL Packages from the scratch for monitoring purpose.  • Experienced with SRVCTL, OCR and Voting Disk of 10g RAC  • Handled RAC Node hangs and node eviction issues.  • Maintaining schemas and partitioning tables.  • Implemented the Security using Oracle Database Vault  • Experienced with all kinds (Status, Performance, and Trend Analysis) of DB Monitoring.  • Index management for better performance, maintenance of Oracle Database  • Developed RMAN scripts for database backup and recovery including hot and cold backup options for both RAC and standalone instances.  • Installing ASM environment and migrating database from NON-ASM to ASM.  • Configure and manage tablespaces, tables, and users for custom applications.  • Developed views, materialized views, functions, procedures, triggers, packages using PL/SQL & SQL to transform data between source staging area to target staging area  • Creating and dropping of users, granting and revoking permissions to users/roles as and when required.  • Experienced with Space Management and Security.    Environment: IBM AIX, Solaris 9/10 Oracle 10g, 11g and 9i solaris9/10 and TOAD, RMAN, AWR ADDM, data pump , Oracle OEM 10g /11g and putty. Education Bachelor in Commerce in Commerce OSMANIA UNIVERSITY 2009 Skills DBA, Oracle Dba, Sql Server
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1262.html#294:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle /Sql Server Database Administrator;MICROSOFT SQL SERVER (4 years);SQL SERVER (4 years);ORACLE (6 years);SQL (5 years);LINUX (5 years);Sql Dba;Oracle Dba;DBA;Sql Database;Oracle Database;PostgresSQL (1 year);Postgresql;RAC:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - General Motors Round Rock, TX Looking for Oracle / Sql Server DBA role in Texas Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator General Motors - Austin, TX August 2015 to Present Responsibilities:--  • Installing, Configuring Oracle 12c/11g/10g RAC and standalone Databases.    • Oracle database character set conversion with DMU tool(WE8MSWIN1252 to AL32UTF8)    • Provided on-call production database support.    • Worked on oracle 12c Upgrade from 11g R2    • Decommission the old databases    • Experienced in Installation and configuration Oracle Golden Gate (service_gg) for Data warehouse  environment.    • Handled Development and production support incidents. Worked with application teams to handle  failover and switchover scenarios and handled any database and replication issues occurring during this  process.    • Monitoring Health checks of OCR, VOTING-DISKS and troubleshooting issues in RAC environment    • Expertise at Installing of Oracle RAC with Cluster ware and ASM.    • Experienced in using 11g, 10g features Data Pump, Flash-Back Recovery, AWR etc.    • Configured ASM disk groups to store Data files, redo log files, and control files.    • Expertise with different Backup and Recovery strategies, Cloning (using Recovery Manager - RMAN), creating RMAN scripts, VERITAS Net Backup, Export / Import, Data Pump    • Performing periodical Backup and Restoration and recovery using RMAN (full & incremental) and RMAN incrementally updated backups.    • Extensively experienced in Oracle Database monitoring and tuning using Oracle Enterprise Manager  (OEM 13c) monitoring.  • Data migration between environments using Export/Import, Expdp /Impdp    • Expertise in creating Users, Roles and Profiles and Privilege management with role-based security.    • Monitored the performance on UNIX Servers using TOP, VMSTAT, IOSTAT, NETSTAT and SAR.    • Analyzing slow-running SQL queries and generating statistics using the Execution Plan and recommended solutions for faster execution.    • Configured RAC Physical standby database    • Performed Data Guard testing (Switchover) to ensure High Availability.    • Used RMAN Clone to refresh Dev/Test from Production    • Worked with Oracle Support processes for technical issues.    • Capacity Planning: Allocate system storage and plan future storage requirements.    • Monitoring and maintenance of multiple databases for production, development and testing.    • Implemented database refresh with the hot backup using DUPLICATE or full export.    • Environment: Oracle 12c/11g/10g, RAC, RMAN, EXPDP/IMPDP, PL/SQL, Stored procedures, EMC,  ASM, Toad for Oracle, OEM, Auditing, Linux, AIX, Data Guard. Oracle /Sql Server Database Administrator iTalkBB - Austin, TX February 2012 to July 2015 • Upgrade number of databases from Oracle 10.2.0.4 to 11.1.0.7.5 and 11.2.0.2.0    • Implemented Data Guard with maximum protection and performed switch over between primary  and standby databases.    • Expert in using export/import, expdp, impdp, Sql Loader, DBV utilities.    • RMAN backup setup via cronjob on daily full, differential etc.    • Develop and maintains DBMS related standards and procedures, knows where they are located,  and makes full use of them. Follows corporate software development processes.    • Created Physical standby database using DBVISIT and delete the archive logs standby side manually.    • Monitoring database on daily basis for long running queries, sessions and identified those sessions  which are hanged or consuming more resources.    • Tuning the SQL queries for best performance, with proper hints, gather proper and scalable statistics  for tables as well as for schemas and by creating the adequate indexes on conditional columns.    • Tune queries and implement stored outlines or SQL Plan Baselines to force good execution plan.    • Perform Oracle software installation using OUI and silent install.  • Participating in performance analysis & tuning of oracle servers, maintenance, space management,  and backup and recovery strategies.    • Performing database migration/upgrades in different environments.    • Maintaining the Space Management in different database environments.    • Performs the capacity planning required to create and maintain the databases.    • Time to time replicating the different schema's from different servers (UNIX) and from different  databases as per requirements of database teams.    • Work with other teams to promote changes to production and other environments    • Creating procedures to monitor the database sessions activity, written shell scripts to get alerts  by email.    • Providing On-call support 24X7 in rotational manner.    • Configured Oracle database get alerts and messages regarding space issues, blocking sessions etc.    • Documenting, whatever the activities performed in production database.    Responsibilities SQL Server 20082:----    • Install Microsoft SQL Server databases (2008r2)    • Setup Database mirroring in via GUI and T-SQL    • Setup Microsoft SQL server Log shipping, Mirroring.    • Keep eye on SQL server issues in the error log file.    • Database consistency checks using DBCC utilities and server connectivity    • Proven ability to handle database of more than 1 TB in Size    • Developing Sql Scripts for maintaining administration tasks    • Setup the Maintenance plan for backups as per company requirements.    • Check Database Replication transactions (between Beijing and USA daily basis)    • Experience in using Dynamic Management Views(DMV) to troubleshoot and improve server  performance    • Used Sql Server Profiler to monitor and record database activities of particular users and applications.    • Excellent knowledge about Extended Events    • Created indexes, constraints and rules on database objects to improve the database performance  • Monitoring database on daily basis for long running queries, sessions and identified those sessions  which are hanged or consuming more resources.    • Knowledge about SSIS and SSRS    • Excellent Development skills for sql server Stored, procedures, Triggers, functions and Views etc. Education Bachelor's in Information Technology in Information Technology Punjab Technical University - Jalandhar, Punjab March 2008 to November 2011 Skills MICROSOFT SQL SERVER (4 years), SQL SERVER (4 years), ORACLE (6 years), SQL (5 years), LINUX (5 years), Sql Dba, Oracle Dba, DBA, Sql Database, Oracle Database, PostgresSQL (1 year), Postgresql, RAC Certifications/Licenses Oracle Certified Associate Present Additional Information Skills    Microsoft Sql Server, Oracle 9i, 10g, 11g, Oracle, Sql Server, Linux Os, DbVisit
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1263.html#295:::Database Administrator & Academic Support Specialist -Talent Gateway;Assistant Program Coordinator;Adjunct Instructor;Commercial Loan Administrator:::Database Administrator & Academic Support Specialist -Talent Gateway <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> &amp; Academic Support Specialist -Talent Gateway Analyst with advanced excel skills creating pivot tables, vlookups and IF statements Southfield, MI Bachelors in Finance with database experience seeking analyst opportunities. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Administrator & Academic Support Specialist -Talent Gateway University of Michigan - Dearborn - Dearborn, MI September 2018 to Present • Responsible for maintaining the entire database for Talent Gateway Enterprises while coordinating the use of Symplicity system, including managing the collection of data as well as facilitating routine and ad-hoc reporting  • Provide academic support to the Talent Gateway Enterprise offices and conduct intake for students interested in programs  • Create excel spreadsheets and run daily, weekly and annual reports for stakeholders by using advanced knowledge of lookups, pivot tables, IF statements and more  • Collaborate with faculty and advisors to coordinate student records  • Developed desktop procedures for core processes as well as data validation process Assistant Program Coordinator University of Michigan - Dearborn - Dearborn, MI November 2017 to September 2018 • Created and updated excel spreadsheets (vlookup, pivot table, formulas, etc.) and forms which resulted in a reduction of data-entry errors and increased reporting efficiency  • Prepared weekly, term and annual reports for key stakeholders  • Managed relationships and prepared content for employers while assisting with academics Adjunct Instructor Wayne State University - Detroit, MI August 2016 to December 2017 • Provided academic support to students with a focus on leadership, goal-setting and learning styles  • Designed and implemented instructional activities, financial literacy programs and workshops to foster college retention and career success while assisting in planning and supervising students Commercial Loan Administrator First Independence Bank - Detroit, MI April 2012 to July 2015 • Reviewed collateral and financial statements and ensured accuracy when entering data into LaserPro software   • Decreased the number of commercial lending audit exceptions by the FDIC by implementing thoroughly detailed desktop procedures for core processes  • Served as liaison to outside vendors Education Bachelor of Science in Business Administration in Finance in Business Administration Central Michigan University - Mount Pleasant, MI Master's in Administration, Leadership Central Michigan University - Mount Pleasant, MI
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1264.html#296:::Database Administrator;Supplier Database Management/Buyer;Procurement Specialist;Buyer;Procurement Administrator;Procurement Administrator;Procurement Administrator;Receptionist:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator Work Experience Database Administrator Prasa Cres May 2012 to August 2012 2011 May to 2012 April - Prasa Cres(Southern Region) - Procurement Administrator/ Buyer  ? 2010 Oct to 2011 April - Prasa Cres(Head Office) - Procurement Administrator  ? 2009 Sep to 2010 Sep - Intersite Property Management - Procurement Administrator  ? 2008 Nov to March 2009 - Prasa Corporate - Procurement Administrator  ? 2007 to 2008 - Intersite Property Management - Ad hoc receptionist/ Administrator  ? 2005 to Oct 2007 - Zishap Disability Centre - Receptionist    QUALIFICATION SUMMARY    EMPLOYMENT DETAILS Supplier Database Management/Buyer Prasa Cres May 2012 to August 2012 Duties  ? Cleaning of existing database and getting it ready for mass upload on SAP  ? Liaising with TransUnion for credit and validity check on suppliers  ? Supplier Database management on SAP  ? Creating files for all suppliers with all necessary documents for loading on the database  ? Assisting in Regional Buying  ? Assisting in Tender Process Procurement Specialist Prasa Cres - Johannesburg, Gauteng May 2012 to August 2012 Duties  ? Receiving daily requirements from business(procurement and maintenance) by PR, email and phone  ? Sending out RFQ, s  ? Evaluation of quotes  ? Oversee all system based PO's  ? Meeting and evaluating of potential service providers  ? Provide daily feedback to the Procurement and Facilities managers in regards to status of PO's  ? Organising and attending site briefings  ? Supplier Database Management and Maintenance(MANHATTAN)  ? Assisting with the Tender Process: Requesting quotations from newspapers for adverts  : Preparation of tender documents  : Selling of tender documents  : Facilitating site briefings  : Closing of tender and Opening of tender documents  : Preparation of documents to hand over to the evaluation  team  : Drafting of Notice to Proceed and forwarding it to the relevant tenderer Buyer PRASA - Johannesburg, Gauteng October 2010 to April 2012 Duties  ? Receiving daily requirements from business ( procurement & maintenance) by PR, emails  and phone  ? Sending out RFQ's  ? Evaluation of quotes  ? Oversee all system based PO's   ? Meeting and evaluating of potential service providers  ? Organising and attending site briefing  ? Supplier Database Management & Maintenance (Manhattan)  ? Assisting with Tender Process Procurement Administrator Prasa Cres October 2010 to April 2011 Duties  ? Overall administration for the department  ? Liaising with suppliers regarding updated information  ? Supplier Database Management and Maintenance (SAP and MANHATTAN)  ? Processing of PR's on SAP  ? Forwarding RFQ's and PO's to suppliers  ? Archiving of all relevant documentation  ? BBBEE payment reports on SAP and MANHATTAN  ? Handling of accounts Procurement Administrator Intersite Property Management - Johannesburg, Gauteng April 2009 to September 2010 Duties:  ? Overall administration for the department  ? Liaising with suppliers regarding updated information  ? Supplier Database Maintenance and Management (SAP & Manhattan)  ? Contacting and obtaining updated supplier information  ? Processing of PR's on SAP  ? Forwarding RFQ's and PO's to supplier  ? Archiving of all relevant documents  ? Contracts Management  ? BEE Spent Report   ? Handling accounts Procurement Administrator SARCC - Johannesburg, Gauteng October 2007 to March 2009 Duties  ? Overall administration for the department  ? Liasing with suppliers regarding updated information  ? Contracts Management  ? Supplier Database Maintenance  ? Forwarding RFQ's and PO's to suppliers  ? Archiving of all relevant documentation  ? Handling of accounts Receptionist Zishap Disability Centre January 2005 to October 2007 Duties    ? Responsible for the front desk of the Centre.  ? Siemens switchboard (25 x 36 ext).  ? Answer telephone and transfer to the relevant people.  ? Diarise meetings for senior persons and organize refreshments.  ? Receiving guests and call relevant people.  ? Responsible for Courier Services.  ? Daily receipts, sorting and distribution of all incoming and outgoing mail.  ? Filing of correspondence and other records.  ? Daily receipts, sorting and distribution of all incoming facsimiles.  Assist with administration, including photocopying, faxing, and related tasks for the smooth running of the centre    Reasons for Leaving: Contract Ended Education N Dip in Journalism Tshwane University of Technology 2005 Nigel High School
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1265.html#297:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;DATABASE ADMINISTRATION;DATABASE;MS SQL SERVER;SQL SERVER;OLTP;DBA;Oracle Dba;Sql Dba:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - LUXOTTICA Hyattsville, MD Certified Oracle Database Administrator, with 6 years of experience designing, installing, upgrading, and maintaining 10g, 11g and 12c databases in different OS platforms. Professional skills include Backup and Recovery methodologies (RMAN), Performance Tuning, Production Support, Upgrades & Patches, Migration, Security and User Management. Implemented and administered 2/3 Node RAC, configured physical and logical standby databases for disaster recover. Configured and administered Golden gates for real time replication. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator LUXOTTICA - Mason, OH April 2016 to Present • Created and monitored Physical and Active standby databases, running on maximum protection, or performance modes for Disaster Recovery and High Availability on 11g and 12c Oracle databases.  • Responsible for implementation and administration of disaster recovery strategies for 24/7 operations and deployment of high availability systems on Oracle 11g, using Oracle RAC, Data-Guard, ASM, RMAN.  • Capacity planning: Allocate system storage and plan future storage requirements.  • Installed, Configured, Setup, Maintained and Supported Oracle 11g, 12c Standalones and 3 nodes RAC, Physical and Logical Standby database for Test, Development and Production, and staging on Linux, AIX and Windows environments for various home-developed applications like Portfolio Management Systems, vendor applications such SAP Business solutions and so on.  • Upgraded Grid Infrastructure and databases from 11g to 12c manually or using DBUA. Involved in applying upgrade patch, maintenance and interim (Opatch) patches on all the databases for security and bug fixes.  • Developed PL/SQL packages, DML, DDL, Oracle tables, Stored Procedures, functions, cursors, triggers and UNIX shell scripts to provide reports.  • Experience using the Unix command to exit out or login to the operating system  • Experience in system Monitoring, Database Tuning, Memory and SQL Tuning using OEM 12c, Top command, VMSTATS, IOSTATS, Explain plan, SQL Trace, TKPROF, AWR, ADDM, ASH, Cluster Interconnect Tuning (RAC). And Assisted in providing consultation such as creating Materialized views, adding indexes, dropping unnecessary indexes, using hints wherever possible.  • Done resetting of storage parameters by series of exports and imports of tables, used conventional as well as direct path loads to upload the data into the server using SQL loader.  • Scheduled and monitored on Crontab repetitive activities such gathering schema statistics, table space usage report, Refreshing Dev and Test instances with data from Production using Datapump and to monitor blocking sessions.  • Knowledge in Oracle Data warehouse DBA skills relating to administration and management of VLDB environments, Oracle OLTP. Oracle Database Administrator CUMMINS - Columbus, IN April 2013 to March 2016 • Automated and monitored databases heath, backup and recovery activities through Cron jobs and also customized various Unix Shell Scripts in sending Email for ORA- errors, reports for Quick Morning Check (QMC), automate routine DBA tasks of taking backups, exports, space usage monitoring, move Archive Logs to different mount point when Archive Destination is full and resync RMAN catalog.  • Worked with a team for installation and maintenance of ORACLE 10g and 11g RAC, ASM databases for high availability.  • Monitored and tuned long running jobs by working closely with the application development team and analyzing objects, created or rebuilt indexes, query tuning using AWR, ADDM and ASH reports, SQL TRACE, TKPROF, Explain Plan, TOAD.  • Performed database, schema & table level Refresh from production to test/development environment Using RMAN and Data pump utilities. Also Implemented Oracle's Transportable Tablespace (TTS) feature (Oracle 11g, 12c) to quickly move Tablespaces across Oracle databases servers.  • Involved in a Client-Server environment using tnsnames, LISTENER, Net Configuration Assistant and other configuration files.  • Used Oracle Flashback Technology for logical recovery purpose with sometimes the need to create a Guaranteed restore point right after a recovery or during switchover operations.  • Performed activities on ASM, creating disk group with different Redundancy Levels/using Fail group, adding a disk to a disk group, making disks online/offline and mount/dismount disk groups as SYSASM.  • Used to run scripts to check the status of databases such as growing table sizes, extent allocation, free space, used space, fragmentation etc.  • Performed space management, capacity planning, disaster recovery and overall maintenance of the databases.  • Created, monitored and troubleshoot Physical Standby databases using RMAN and scripts with zero downtime. Performed Failover and Switchover Operations using Data Guard Broker and manually during DR testing and whenever required.  Operating Systems HP-UX 10.x, 11.x. Sun Solaris 2.5, 2.6, 8, 9, 10. AIX 5.1, 5.2, 5.3, 6.1 RHEL 2.1, 3.x, 4.x, 5.x.Linux Enterprise Server 6,7. Windows 95/98/NT/2000, UNIX  RDBMS Oracle 10g, 11g and 12c  Languages SQL, PL/SQL  Tools TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN, AWR, and ADDM. Toad, Putty, NX client, VNC, Team Viewer, Cisco VPN  Database Utilities  SQL*Plus, Oracle Enterprise Manager, Real Application Cluster, ASM, Transportable Tablespaces, SQL*Loader, RMAN, Data Pump Export, Import, OEM Grid Control    • Handled daily production problems/change requests with Oracle.  • Performed Physical backup (hot and cold) as well as Logical backup (Export/Import Education Bachelor's degree in Information Technology University of Dschang 2012 Skills DATABASE ADMINISTRATION, DATABASE, MS SQL SERVER, SQL SERVER, OLTP, DBA, Oracle Dba, Sql Dba
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1266.html#298:::Database Administrator;Database Administrator;Staff Accountant;Financial Aid Assistant;Sql Dba;DBA;Microsoft Office (10+ years);Project Management (5 years);Policy Development (4 years);Document Management (8 years);Process Improvement (4 years);Process Development (4 years);Active Directory (2 years);Collections (2 years);Ellucian Colleague (9 years);Procedural Documentation Creation (4 years);Customer Service (10+ years);Report Writing (5 years);Data Entry (9 years);Databases (9 years);Data Integrity (9 years);Accounts Receivable (3 years);Account Management (3 years):::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator - Wheeling Jesuit University Triadelphia, WV • Ability to learn, evaluate and utilize business applications and software systems effectively and efficiently  • Expert ability to provide customer service, technical support, data integrity monitoring, reporting, and application implementation  • Consistently handles simultaneous project management activities.   • Excellent at prioritizing, working under pressure, and adjusting to changing priorities and circumstances  • Strong ability to think analytically, troubleshoot, problem solve and work collaboratively with all personnel  • Manages SIS databases and various other business applications that facilitate data reporting and analysis Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Administrator Wheeling Jesuit University - Wheeling, WV December 2018 to Present • Conducts project management activities for new business applications   • Provides support for the configuration, implementation and training for current SIS system and integrated applications  • Monitors data completeness and integrity  • Provides training and support for all system users  • Executes data mapping and generates custom reports in Entrinsik Informer as well as other reporting tools  • Works collaboratively with system users to implement and/or enhance best practices  • Formulates process documentation to streamline workflow  • Acts as liaison for ICE Consortium to communicate releases, outages, patches, trainings and developments to end users Database Administrator Bethany College - Bethany, WV April 2017 to December 2018 •      Monitored SIS system data for completeness and accuracy  •      Identified and communicated data integrity as well as security issues to upper management  •      Provided a central point of contact for all change requests and system alterations  •      Provided system training and support for all system users   •      Created all new user accounts in active directory  •      Built custom reports and mapping in Entrinsik Informer  •      Maintained control of access rights, security settings, and user privileges  •      Imported and exported data as required to synchronize back-end systems  •      Managed all system related project implementation and integrations  •      Liaison for ICE Consortium and end users for SIS updates. Staff Accountant Bethany College - Bethany, WV April 2015 to April 2017 • Managed receivables and provided customer service (current and former students)  • Prepared all student billings  • Maintained complete and accurate student account data and files  • Organized collection efforts with multiple outside agencies  • Performed reconciliations for federal loans and state grants  • Administered annual setup within Colleague (Ellucian)  • Initiated as well as facilitated cooperative partnerships and communication between other campus offices  • Implemented new billing software/applications Financial Aid Assistant Bethany College - Bethany, WV October 2011 to October 2014 • Counseled students and parents regarding their financial aid packages  • Organized and maintained all student files  • Processed federal and state financial aid funding  • Monitored student aid data for completeness and accuracy  • Continuously used campus-based data system(s) as well as federal information data systems to access and process student information Education Bachelor of Science in Criminal Justice in Criminal Justice West Liberty University - West Liberty, WV 2006 to 2010 Skills Sql Dba, DBA, Microsoft Office (10+ years), Project Management (5 years), Policy Development (4 years), Document Management (8 years), Process Improvement (4 years), Process Development (4 years), Active Directory (2 years), Collections (2 years), Ellucian Colleague (9 years), Procedural Documentation Creation (4 years), Customer Service (10+ years), Report Writing (5 years), Data Entry (9 years), Databases (9 years), Data Integrity (9 years), Accounts Receivable (3 years), Account Management (3 years) Assessments Data Analysis — Highly Proficient May 2019 Measures a candidate's skill in interpreting and producing graphs, identifying trends, and drawing justifiable conclusions from data. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/xwt7z8-fuaazbvo Spreadsheets with Microsoft Excel — Proficient May 2019 Measures a candidate’s Microsoft Excel knowledge including common tools, PivotTables, conditional & nested formulas, and custom visuals. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/ejdgakrulqgkwzd0 Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1267.html#299:::Database Administrator;System Admistrator/computer technician;Infrastructure Representative;Computer Technician;Desktop Support;Active Directory;Service Desk;Help Desk;MAC;DBA:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Salt Lake City, UT Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Administrator St Luke's Health System - Boise, ID March 2018 to July 2019 Front line in server-wide operating system migration from AIX to RHEL  Performs installations, upgrades, patching, and database configurations for Caché and Epic,  and maintains proper documentation throughout the process  Proactively monitors and troubleshoots any unusual system behavior and performance  Supports the data flow from Caché installations and Epic environments  Works with application end users, analysts and experts in Epic systems support to build,  configure, deploy, implement, operate, support, and maintain the databases. System Admistrator/computer technician Utah State University - Logan, UT June 2015 to April 2018 • Overhauled and managed 6 Windows computer labs by implementing uniformity and group policy  • Operated an SSSD server that would allow 40 VLSI CentOS computers to authenticate with active directory  • Gathered together 10 years of documentation to consolidate it into one easy-to-find location  • Managed 2 Windows license servers for various engineering software  • Installed and maintained virtual Windows Servers used for NFS, Licensing, and web hosting for departmental websites Infrastructure Representative CRI Advantage June 2014 to June 2015 • Assessed and treated network vulnerability threats to ensure network security within research facilities  • Point of contact to work with the networking team to assign IP addresses and register MAC addresses within our systems  • Repaired desktops and laptops and ensured they followed a strict security policy Computer Technician Eastern Idaho Technical College - Idaho Falls, ID August 2012 to June 2014 Education BS in Information Technology Western Governors University 2016 to Present Certificate in Computer Science Technical Eastern Idaho Technical College August 2012 to December 2013 Skills Desktop Support, Active Directory, Service Desk, Help Desk, MAC, DBA Certifications/Licenses Linux + July 2016 to Present A+ Certified
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1268.html#300:::Database Administrator;Business Analyst;DBA;ETL;Oracle Dba:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator Fairfax Over 5 years of experience as an Oracle Database Administrator having hands on experience in database installation and configuration, production support, upgrades, patch management, performance tuning, backup and recovery, space management, database security, Data guard.  • Experienced in setting up/installation and configuration oracle software and database server on Linux, windows and migration of oracle server from 10g to 11g and RAC 12c databases.  • Enforced Security Administration, auditing and creating user, adding and removing users, granting privileges.  • Experienced in installing, configuring and maintaining Standalone and RAC databases on various platforms.  • Experience in applying Patch Set Update (PSU) and Critical Patch Update (CPU) on Databases.  • Actively participated in interaction with users, team lead, DBAs and technical manager to fully understand the requirements of the system.  • Worked with development and operations staff in resolving problems quickly and efficiently.  • Proactive monitoring, identifying areas that need to be improved in the application and database using, AWR, ADDM, and 10g OEM Grid Control.  • Proficiency using Flash-Back Recovery, Automatic Storage Manager (ASM) and Automatic Database Diagnostic Manager (ADDM)  • Performed scheduled and manual recovery using archived logs, RMAN-managed backup with or without catalog, operating system backup, cold and hot backup, full back up, incremental and cumulative backups.  • Successful in installation/maintenance of Physical Standby database using Oracle Data Guard for Oracle 11g databases. Work Experience Database Administrator Precitix - Charlotte, NC January 2014 to Present RESPONSIBILITIES  • Installed and configured Oracle databases, Monitoring and maintaining multiple Oracle 11g and RAC 12c databases on Linux platform.  • Install, configured and Managed Oracle 11gR2, and 12c multiple 2 node RAC database for high availability and load balancing.  • Installed, configured and maintained Physical, Logical, Active standby databases supported by Data guard on Oracle 11.2.0.3 for the purpose of disaster recovery procedures.  • Managed RAC database on Production, Test databases, using CRSCTL, SRVCTL and Grid Control.  • Maintaining sound backup and recovery policies and procedures using RMAN, Monitoring the scheduled backup procedures on daily basis.  • Creating, granting and monitoring user access rights and privileges through roles and profiles.  • Reclaim wasted space from tables and indexes by using the segment shrink functionality and created an archival backup for long-term retention.  • Wrote and tune SQL queries for faster access to OLTP and DSS databases.  • Creation and management of Oracle table partitions in a data warehouse environment.  • Creation, management and optimization of oracle materialized views and creation of indexes using ADDM and AWR reports to monitor the database performance.  • Providing instance level performance monitoring and tuning for event waits, Sessions, Physical and Logical I/O and Memory Usage with the help of AWR and ADDM Reports.  • Providing support to the development teams and handling release schedules.  • Participates on productions as database administration support to ensure that databases are appropriately modified to support new business applications and requirements.  • Used Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) 11g Grid Control for monitoring multiple database and notification of database alerts.  • Implementing Data pump, conventional export/import utility of Oracle 12c, 11g for re-organizing Databases/Schemas/Tables to improve the performance.  • Performed database upgrades from 11g to 12c, Using import/export utilities for cloning/migration of small sized databases and Data pump import/export to move data between 10g and 11g/12c environments.  • Successful in applying RDBMS patches, security patches for improving the security and functionality of the databases.  • Implemented Flashback technology of the Oracle 11g, 12c along with Recycle bin for a faster recovery of the databases and database objects. Business Analyst ARM Investment - Lagos, NG June 2012 to November 2013 RESPONSIBILITIES  • Experience developing user stories to elicit requirements from the product owners.  • Conducted JAD sessions for business requirement gathering, analysis, and design.  • Prepared detailed design documents to translate business process effectively for developers and product managers using MS Visio and UML.  • Performed planning responsibilities of SDLC and monitored defect tracking system using JIRA to prioritize defect and devise a plan for future enhancements and delivered the artifacts in timely basis.  • Assisted the database architect in designing data flow model, data modeling and process mapping, data mapping and created artifacts for data requirements using MapForce.  • Performed SQL queries to extract data from database to perform data analysis with Tableau.  • Generated weekly decision reports and circulated to the major stakeholders.  • Updated and managed business forecasts within Oracle software (Netsuite.com) and measure performance Education M.S. in Information Technology Stratford University - Falls Church, VA 2017 Certification Boltos Institute - Laurel, MD 2013 B.Sc. in Business Administration Ajayi Crowther University 2012 Skills DBA, ETL, Oracle Dba Certifications/Licenses OCP May 2019 to Present Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Operating Systems Linux, Unix, Windows  Concepts/Tools Database Design, Object Oriented Analysis and Design  (OOAD), Tableau, JIRA, MapForce  Database Systems Oracle RAC 12c/11g/10g  Software Methodologies Agile, Waterfall  Office Tools OEM, RMAN, Data pump (impdp, expdp), AWR, ADDM, SQL-LOADER, OPatch,  MS Office, MS-Visio, Workflow, NetSuite, DBCA, DBUA.  Language SQL, PL/SQL, SHELL
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1269.html#301:::ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR;ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR;ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR;DBA;Oracle Dba:::ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR ORACLE <span class="hl">DATABASE</span> <span class="hl">ADMINISTRATOR</span> ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR - Citizens Bank, Rhode Island North Providence, RI Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR Citizens Bank, Rhode Island July 2018 to Present • Monitored and tuned long running jobs by working closely with the application development team and analyzing objects, created or rebuilt indexes, query tuning using SQL TRACE, TKPROF, Explain Plan, TOAD.  • Configures backups using Net backup, monitoring and troubleshooting daily backup failures. Oversees monitoring and performance tuning to ensure database remains healthy on consistent basis.  • Performed upgrade from 10g to 11g ant to 12C using DBUA, and applied Oracle quarterly patches to 11g software.  • Created user accounts and accorded appropriate privileges. Created database objects.  • Performed Database replication from production to test/development environment Using RMAN, Data pump utilities and manually.  • Highly experienced in implementing Oracle's Transportable Tablespaces (TTS) feature using Datapump Export/Import (Oracle 11g, 10g) allowing users to quickly move a user Tablespace across Oracle databases.  • Expertise in implementing data refreshes (at database, schema & table level) using RMAN utility and Datapump, conventional Export/Import of Oracle 10g, 11g, 12C to Exadata.  • Provided 24/7 support and reported to lead DBA. Configured flash Recovery Area.  • Working Knowledge of E-business suite and Exadata.  • Creating and restoring databases using Oracle Flashback Technology with Guaranteed restore point. ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR Hyundai Information Service - Montgomery, AL August 2015 to October 2017 Extended to March 20th 2018    • Monitored different databases and application servers using Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) 10g Grid Control.  • Loading data from flat files to database using SQL*Loader, External Tables.  • Extensively used AWR, ADDM and explain plan for periodic performance tuning.  • Implementing Datapump, conventional export/import utility of Oracle 11g, 10g for re-organizing Databases/Schemas/Tables to improve the performance.  • Used import/export utilities for cloning/migration of small sized databases and Datapump import/export to move data between 9i and 10g/11g environments.  • Involved in construction of DR sites for all the Production environments.  • Installed 12c database  • Implemented and managed optimum physical database design (tablespaces, data files, extents, redo logs, archive logs) and assessed database capacity by monitoring online storage, growth and file system space.  • Provided instance level performance monitoring and tuning for Event Waits, Sessions, Physical and Logical IO and Memory Usage.  • Extensive experience in RMAN recovery testing, RAC and stand-alone database  • Created a Clone Database using RMAN on remote Server and used SRVCTL commands for Real Application Cluster (RAC) Databases. ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR Costco - Seattle, WA August 2012 to July 2015 • Automated monitoring the databases, performance parameters, backup and recovery activities by running Cron jobs and customized various Unix Shell Scripts in sending Email for ORA- errors, reports for Quick Morning Check (QMC), automate routine DBA tasks of taking backups, exports, space usage monitoring, move Archive Logs to different mount point when Archive Destination is full and resync RMAN catalog.  • Performed upgrade from 10g to 11g using DBUA, and applied Oracle quarterly patches to 11g software.  • Created user accounts and accorded appropriate privileges. Created database objects.  • Planned, tested and implemented backup strategy using RMAN, Oracle Utilities (Export/Import) EXPDP and OS methods.  • Run scripts to check the status of databases such as growing table sizes, extent allocation, free space, used space, fragmentation etc.    RDBMS:  Oracle 12c, 11g, and 10g  Tools:  TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN, STATSPACK, AWR, and ADDM.Toad, Putty, NX client, WinScp, Remote Desktop Connection, VNC, Team Viewer, LogMeIn and Cisco VPN Client.  Database Utilities:  SQL*Plus, Oracle Enterprise Manager, Real Application Cluster, ASM, Transportable Tablespaces, SQL*Loader, RMAN, DataPu, Export, Import. Education BS in Computer Science University of Buea (Cameroon) Skills DBA, Oracle Dba Additional Information General Skills: Windows Client (2000 Server, XP, Vista, Windows 7), Windows Server (Server 2003), UNIX (Sun Solaris, HP-UX 11i v2), Linux (Red Hat, Centos), Microsoft Office Suite
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\127.html#302:::Reports Developer;MSSQL Database Administrator;Database Administrator;Microsoft Power BI (Less than 1 year);SQL Server (4 years);Oracle 10G (3 years);Oracle SQL (3 years);Visual Basic (1 year);Oracle APEX (Less than 1 year);IBM AIX Servers (3 years);Tivoli Storage Management (2 years):::Reports Developer Reports Developer Consulting San Juan, PR A skilled and detail-oriented information technology systems professional with broad-based expertise in the areas of database administration, data migration, systems engineering and integration, and programming/applications development. Works closely and effectively with end-users and mentors co-workers, increasing performance and efficiency. A hardworking and visionary producer with a strong record of improving corporate productivity. Possess specialized expertise with SQL and Server Database Administration, Analytics, BI and Reporting Developer, UNIX Administration and Windows System Administration. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Reports Developer Molina Healthcare - San Juan, PR May 2016 to Present Molina Healthcare – Hato Rey 2016 – Present   • Worked as MSSQL Report Developer in the Analytics Division of the Finance Department  • Managed several MSSQL Databases to develop analytical healthcare and operational processes reports  • Must provide strong knowledge and fast understanding of Molina Healthcare operational processes towards Puerto Rico ASES Agency to manage Puerto Rico’s healthcare population data, in order to develop accurate data analysis and accurate general healthcare and finance reports  • Expected to manage development databases to create and perform new standardize procedures and processes to develop new auto-populated reports MSSQL Database Administrator Eastern Consulting Group March 2015 to May 2016 • In charged of Electronic Medical Record system, a SQL Server database  • Work with MySQL database through PhpMyAdmin tool to manage and maintain the company's website  • Currently collaborating in the implementation of a new mobile application for the company, (working on it's database)  • Managed several existing small Access databases to develop automation of recurrent reports, by moving them to SQL Server database and developing scripts  • Developed data analysis from disparate excel files and other sources in order to integrate them on SQL Server databases  • Performed analysis of received Health Insurances data (from different Health Insurances companies), designed and implemented databases structures to allocate them as a standardized system to use, instead of having them on disparate unorganized excel files  • Established communication with Health Insurances to acquire automated medical data through File Transfer Protocol (FTP) in order to be uploaded automatically to the database through scripts  • Used Microsoft Access and Microsoft Reporting Services to create analysis and statistical reports of Health Insurances data such as medical, dental & pharmacy claims, incentives, medical loss ratio, among others  • Developed custom statistical and analytical reports through Microsoft Access and through Microsoft Power BI tool  • Developed an automated maintenance backup plan on MSSQL Server for Electronic Medical Record Database System into a remote server  • Developed clustering of MSSQL Servers  • Documented all database and administrative management tasks such as Disaster Recovery processes, clustering processes, Data Warehouse analysis, planning and implementation, etc.  • Implemented upgrade of MSSQL Server 2012 to 2014, and performed Oracle Database 11g Express and Oracle Application Express installations as new implementations and iniciatives  • Currently developing the implementation of Oracle APEX for manage data, display reports on web and data entry interfaces  • Currently developing an overall company operation assessment, systems and data analysis to develop an integrated Data Warehouse solution  • Developed Disaster & Recovery Plan for main systems  • Worked with Windows Azure to implement database replication and as a Disaster & Recovery solution model Database Administrator Puerto Rico Highway and Transportation Authority February 2012 to March 2015 • Charged of Puerto Rico Driver and Vehicle Information Database (DAVID+)  • Performed database monitoring such as consumed resources, contention, concurrency, I/O peaks, consumed memory, and others using the Oracle Enterprise Management Console  • Created, expanded and configured and monitored usage of Oracle Database 10G tablespaces through PL SQL and through Oracle Enterprise Management Console  • Created Oracle Database 10G datafiles through the Management Console and SQL*Plus command line  • Worked with SQL*Plus to Shut Down/ Startup Databases  • Enrolled Oracle Database users and granted privileges and roles to users through the Management Console and through SQL*Plus using PL/SQL language  • Configured and monitored Oracle 10G Database full/incremental backup using Oracle RMAN tool  • Backed up, monitored and maintain Oracle database archive logs  • Created, Altered and Dropped tables as well as updated and deleted fields on database tables through SQL Developer, Aqua Data Studio, Toad, and through SQL*Plus command line  • Tuned database performance using Oracle SQL Tuning Advisor  • Contributed on Oracle 10G Database recovery and clone project  • Performed queries, subpoenas and reports of DAVID+ system for Government, Federal and private companies  • Configured and maintained operating systems and Oracle databases backups using IBM Tivoli Storage Manager  • Monitored AIX resources such as CPU, memory, disks usage and network communication stability, in order to monitor database and server performances  • Monitored, expanded capacity, and assigned spaces into logical volumes disks and filesystems on AIX Operating System  • Contributed on the creation of logical volumes disks on AIX Operating Systems  • Enrolled AIX Operating System users and granted permissions and assigned groups to users  • Enrolled Windows users and assigned groups and permissions to users through Active Directory  • Contributed on Windows and AIX servers and storage maintenance, backup and restoring Windows/AIX operating systems Education Bachelor of Science in Business Administration University of Puerto Rico at Mayagüez - Mayagüez, PR 2012 Skills Microsoft Power BI (Less than 1 year), SQL Server (4 years), Oracle 10G (3 years), Oracle SQL (3 years), Visual Basic (1 year), Oracle APEX (Less than 1 year), IBM AIX Servers (3 years), Tivoli Storage Management (2 years) Links https://pr.linkedin.com/in/neysha-pagan-a7346a102 Certifications/Licenses Kimball - The Data Warehouse/BI Lifecycle in Depth August 2015 to Present Excel 2013 Data Analysis with Pivot Tables 2015 to Present Groups PASS March 2016 to Present A group of SQL Server database administrators, database and application developers, business intelligence experts, and users from around the globe. Additional Information SKILLS & ABILITIES  Computer Information System  • Proficient in Oracle 10G and 12C, Microsoft SQL Server 2012, MySQL database administration systems  • Knowledge of Oracle 10G Enterprise Manager and Oracle 12C Enterprise Manager Cloud Control  • Proficient in Oracle SQL*Plus command line, SQL Developer, Microsoft SQL Management Studio, MySQL through PhpMyAdmin, Aqua Data Studio for system and data analysis, data transfer and queries executions  • Knowledge on Oracle RMAN Backup/Restore, MSSQL Backup/Restore processes  • Vast knowledge on performing queries, table joins and comparisons  • Developed and designed a database system along with its application interface built on Visual Studio  • Knowledge of Linux/ AIX / Windows Operating Systems  • Knowledge of IBM P570 AIX Servers and IBM Tivoli Storage Manager administration  • Design reports through Microsoft Power BI  • Knowledge on general Import/Export procedures and scripts for automatic uploads to be inserted into databases from receiving data  • Developed several programming projects on Visual Basic 2008, which focused primarily on calculating costs and shipping costs, quantity, statistics, etc.  • Vast knowledge on Microsoft Office: Access Word, Power Point, Excel, and Publisher    Abilities  • Fluent speaking in Spanish and English  • Strong verbal and interpersonal skills  • Team working, responsible and hard working person
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1270.html#303:::Pricing Database Administrator;Pricing Manager & Data Analyst;MARKETING INTERN;Arcgis (Less than 1 year);Business Intelligence (5 years);ETL (5 years);DBA;Excel (7 years);Database Management (5 years);Salesforce (1 year);Tableau (1 year);Data Mining;Customer Service;Management;Powerpoint;access;Data Entry;Microsoft Office:::Pricing Database Administrator Pricing <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Pricing & Data Analytics Professional Arlington, VA Analytics professional with more than six years of experience supporting decision-making through data-driven insights.  Proven ability to transform datasets into stories and provide recommendations for management to advance strategic growth.     Specialties: cost analysis, pricing restructuring, continuous process improvement, database management and manipulation. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Pricing Database Administrator DOMINION ELECTRIC SUPPLY - Arlington, VA November 2017 to June 2018 • Streamlined cost structure for $500M of inventory for more than 3,000 customers  • Analyzed and implemented cost and pricing data through ETL while maximizing return on investment  • Implemented margin recommendations for all stock keeping units to drive gross profit margin by two points  • Conducted competitor product line analysis to determine a savings of $70,000 by converting to a different vendor  • Developed and communicated routinely with vendors to ensure timeliness and accuracy of data  • Maintained web catalog database using SQL extracts  • Performed quantitative analysis of product sales data in order to enact pricing adjustments  • Served as a key resource for sales team around best practices for margin optimization Pricing Manager & Data Analyst Crescent Electric Supply Company - Danville, VA March 2013 to June 2017 • Maintained sell pricing on 100,000+ stock and nonstock products for 18 physical branches, two online storefronts, and 5,000 customers  • Developed and implemented new pricing structure to result in smoother maintenance and adjustment of sell pricing  • Provided technical advice and assistance to purchasing personnel regarding maintenance and optimization of Special Pricing Agreements (SPA) as well as stock pricing  • Analyzed vendor SPA pricing and performed "what if scenarios" to determine areas of gross profit percentage improvement and specifically increased vendor line profitability by $50,000 over 6 months  • Reported directly to president with monthly reports to provide analysis of branch and area sales statistics, sell price overrides, and target customers  • Analyzed electrical permit data and developed lead generation databases in Phocas software  • Created dashboards and GIS maps to determine current and potential sales markets and techniques  • Conducted cyclic reviews of improvement areas, including customer segmentation, product ranking, gross profit targets, price matrix utilization, and customer cost to serve analyses MARKETING INTERN DANVILLE REGIONAL FOUNDATION - Danville, VA December 2011 to June 2012 • Managed cross-functional teams on marketing, research, community engagement, and implementation projects • Coordinated the logistics and budget planning of the first annual River District Festival • Developed marketing strategy for information session presentations to prospective interns Education Bachelor's in Supply Chain Operations NORTH CAROLINA STATE UNIVERSITY - Raleigh, NC August 2008 to December 2012 Skills Arcgis (Less than 1 year), Business Intelligence (5 years), ETL (5 years), DBA, Excel (7 years), Database Management (5 years), Salesforce (1 year), Tableau (1 year), Data Mining, Customer Service, Management, Powerpoint, access, Data Entry, Microsoft Office Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/masonpruitt Certifications/Licenses Action Selling Certified October 2015 to Present Action Selling is the most effective Sales Training program for the transfer of selling skills into real world application. Additional Information Hobbies: fishing, rock climbing, hiking, soccer, guitar
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1271.html#304:::SQL Database Engineer;SQL Sever DBA;SQL Database Administrator;SQL Database Administrator;SQL Server DBA;SQL Server DBA;SQL Server DBA;Database;Microsoft sql server;Microsoft sql server 2000;Sql server;Sql server 2000;T-SQL;SSRS;Sql Database;ETL;Ssis:::SQL Database Engineer SQL <span class="hl">Database</span> Engineer SQL Database Engineer Prospect, CT Work Experience SQL Database Engineer HAI Group - Cheshire, CT March 2016 to June 2019 • Create and manage SSIS packages for ETL of new client data  • Troubleshoot failed SQL Agent Jobs  • Develop new SQL objects to reflect new functionality of system  • Investigate reported system outages or slow response  • Find and cleanse bad data  • Create new databases and user groups  • Backup and restore databases when needed  • Create SSRS reports, schedule report run times and who to send results to  • Produce output for onetime adhoc reports needed asap  • Streamline stored procedures to run faster  • Use Profiler to find possible bottle necks in long running processes  • Work with employees to find requirements and translate them to SQL objects  • Work with SQL 2000 Compatibility mode, 2008R2, and 2016  • Collaborate with offshore team dealing with 8 hour difference in time-zones  • Leverage CozyRoc within SSIS packages to import data to Microsoft CRM  • Track tickets and responses with JIRA  • Work under SAFe Agile paradigm using 2 week sprints, 10 week Planning Increments  • Manage daily refresh to Development environment after cleansing PII data SQL Sever DBA Fortegra Finacial - Jacksonville, FL March 2015 to February 2016 • Install SQL Server 2008R2,2012, 2014 and apply service packs  • Upgrade SQL Server 2008R2 to 2012  • Work with 24x7 production support team  • Implement fail-over clustering for Active/Passive server  • Manage Publisher/Distributor/Subscriber environments for replication  • Use SQL Profiler to optimize queries  • Create SSIS packages to import data from flat files  • Use send mail in SSIS packages to alert users of job completions or failures  • Create documents for disaster recovery checklist SQL Database Administrator Well Point - Richmond, VA August 2014 to February 2015 • Install SQL server 2012 Enterprise edition  • Work with Visual Studios .NET to investigate application code  • Create custom reports using SSIS  • Migrate SSIS packages to new Visual Studios  • Manage database backups and restores, automate routine backups  • Work with trace flags to find and fix blocking issues  • Implement transaction replication in QA, Dev, and Prod environments  • Work with SQL Profiler to improve performance of procedures and triggers SQL Database Administrator Bealls INC - Bradenton, FL December 2013 to July 2014 • Install and manage SQL 2008R2 in production environment  • Monitor over 1600 production servers working with on and off-shore teams  • Recover databases from Suspect/Emergency mods using DBCC commands  • Troubleshoot performance issues in Dev and Production environments  • Involved in configuration/management of Active/Passive cluster environments  • Investigate and reduce deal locks using Profiler and Trace Flags  • Create requested reports in SSRS SQL Server DBA CUNA Mutual Group - Madison, WI March 2012 to December 2013 • Manage SQL servers in Dev, QA, and Production environments  • Migrate databases from 2000 to 2005, and 2005 to 2008  • Apply and service packs or hotfixes on Production environment  • Configure/support Always On, Mirroring, Replication, Log Shipping, Clustering  • Work with disaster recovery team to test and develop documentation  • Create SSIS packages to manage ETL from separate systems  • Modify and Create SSRS reports based on requirements  • Work with Profiler to identify and streamline slow procedures SQL Server DBA Citygroup - New York, NY January 2011 to March 2012 • Upgraded SQL 2000 to 2005  • Use profiler to identify performance bottlenecks  • Implement Database Mirroring with automatic fail-over  • Create new SQL objects based on business requirements  • Tune procedures identified as having less than optimal performance  • Use SSIS to implement data flow from one system to another  • Develop and validate reports using SSRS  • Create users and grant proper access in Dev and QA environments  • Create routine backup strategies SQL Server DBA National Institutes of Health - Bethesda, MD May 2010 to December 2010 • Manage data import/export through DTS  • Create/implement database maintenance plans  • Plan routine backup and restore strategies  • Develop Procedures and Views for efficient data retrieval  • Write T-SQL scripts to manage mapping data from one source to another  • Preform query optimization using Profiler and PerfMon  • Debug existing procedures and triggers  • Create and schedule jobs to be run on database  • Monitor and fix failed Agent Jobs  • Create and modify reports using SSRS Education Bachelor's Degree in Software Engineering Southern Polytechnic State University - Marietta, GA Skills Database, Microsoft sql server, Microsoft sql server 2000, Sql server, Sql server 2000, T-SQL, SSRS, Sql Database, ETL, Ssis
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1272.html#305:::Consultant - Technical Implementation Specialist (Remote);Consultant - System Administrator (Remote);Cardiovascular PACS & System Administrator;Cardiovascular Database Administrator;Surgical Attendant:::Consultant - Technical Implementation Specialist (Remote) Consultant - Technical Implementation Specialist (Remote) Consultant - Technical Implementation Specialist (Remote) - Lumedx Corporation Philadelphia, PA Work Experience Consultant - Technical Implementation Specialist (Remote) Lumedx Corporation - Bellevue, WA December 2016 to Present Currently responsible for ensuring the successful implementation of the enterprise Cardiovascular Information System at client sites, along with acting as the technical escalation point for our internal team of consultants.  • Utilize SQL, visual basic code, and reporting software to accommodate client customization requests  • Act as first line of escalation within implementation team for technical related issues  • Resource for clients and colleagues to develop new strategies and enhance current system functionality Consultant - System Administrator (Remote) September 2014 to December 2016 Served primarily as a consultant in a system administrator role for two dedicated clients, along with accommodating complex customization requests from additional clients and colleagues.  • Designed a new software application allowing previously non-existent end-user interaction with a core piece of our clinical documentation software  • Developed enhancements to the clinical documentation and analytical software to meet needs of the clients  • Supported and trained staff members on the functionality of the software  • Provided internal support assisting colleagues with more demanding client requests  • Earned Lumedx Employee of the Year for 2016 Cardiovascular PACS & System Administrator Good Samaritan Health System - Lebanon, PA January 2013 to September 2014 Partnered directly with physicians and department managers to implement and customize a new Cardiovascular Information System and maintained the support of data presentation for Cardiovascular Services.  • Designed new documentation software to meet the needs of physicians and clinicians  • Implemented several customizations to improve efficiency of clinical workflows and increase accuracy of data entry and reports  • Customized clinical reports to meet national accreditation mandates  • Maintained integrity and functionality of the Cardiovascular Information System Cardiovascular Database Administrator September 2012 to January 2013 Analyzed and presented data across the cardiovascular service line while improving the timeliness and accuracy of relevant data for cardiovascular services.  • Reported monthly data on dashboards to measure performance  • Provided custom reports based on physician and managerial requests  • Anticipated the need for certain information based on current clinical emphasis within the department  • Worked with ACC CathPCI and ICD registries to ensure accurate data entry and timely data submissions Surgical Attendant June 2010 to September 2012 Supported clinicians and provided excellent customer and patient service in conjunction with Good Samaritan Health System's "Journey to Excellence".  • Assisted physicians, nurses, and technicians with perioperative techniques  • Monitored patients and aided nurse in the PACU directly following operation  • Stocked the operating room and re-ordered items based on need  • Acted as liaison between the OR and laboratory for blood items during emergent cases Education Master of Business Administration in Healthcare Management Lebanon Valley College - Annville, PA August 2017 BS in Finance Susquehanna University - Selinsgrove, PA May 2008
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1273.html#306:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - Priority One Services Eight years' experience providing data management and DBA functions. My work with my current employer (a biomedical Contracting Industry for NIH and FDA) has mainly involved Special Access Programs that require Public Trust clearance and many information release constraints.  * Highly skillful and talented in installation, configuration and maintenance of Oracle 12c and 11g, databases.  * Development experience on UNIX/Linux and Windows systems and experience with SQL.  * Expertise in Performance Tuning and OEM.  * In-depth knowledge of and experience in designing and maintaining conceptual, logical, and physical data base models.  * Managed multiple 24x7 Production, Test and Development Databases on single instance DBs.  * Administrated databases using OEM Grid Control.  * Experienced in planning, installation, maintenance, configuring and administering of standalone, backup and Recovery, RMAN, server consolidation, DB migration, upgrades and patching.  * Expertise in database administration, installations, configuration, upgrades, migration, performance tuning, backup and recovery, cloning, space management, patching, security, fine grained auditing, capacity planning and designing databases.  * Monitored different databases and application servers using OEM Grid Control.  * Proficient in database design for OLTP and OLAP. Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Priority One Services - Alexandria, VA August 2015 to Present * Planned, installed, configured, managed and troubleshot Oracle 12c and 11g databases on Linux and Windows OS.  * Managed and maintained Oracle 12c and 11g database servers across multiple environments.  * Expertise in the creation of databases, table spaces, tables, indexes and other database objects.  * Installed and manage Oracle Enterprise Manager.  * Performed bulk load into the database using SQL Loader.  * Performed standard and fine grain database auditing.  * Extensively used DATAPUMP and Export /Import utilities for logical backups.  * Performed database cloning using RMAN.  * Monitored the user sessions and take appropriate action to kill the inactive sessions.  * Created and rebuilt indexes as necessary.  * Performed various performance goal-oriented database tuning.  * Used Explain Plan, AWR, ADDM and various Oracle Advisors to tune the database.  * Created and tuned various materialized views as well as tuned various slow running queries.  * Performed instance tuning, memory tuning query tuning and complete database tuning.  * Created and implemented various table partitions for large tables.  * Applied quarterly CPU patches to different version of databases.  * Upgraded Oracle 10g DB to 11g and Oracle DB 11g from 11.2.0.1 to 11.2.0.3 using patch set. Oracle Database Administrator Bowie, MD July 2011 to August 2015 * Configured various RMAN parameters as per the requirement.  * Performed physical backups using RMAN utility.  * Identified and recovered the corrupted database blocks using Block recover option in RMAN.  * Configured and implemented the use of RMAN for cold and hot backup to the databases.  * Installed and configured relevant network components to ensure database access as well as database consistency and integrity.  * Troubleshoot and resolved various Oracle connectivity problems.  * Provided troubleshooting assistance to all issues and concerns related to Oracle Forms.  * Performed balancing on the scalability of data conversion and configuration.  * Provided network troubleshooting and administrative support for the development staff.  * Installed and managed of Oracle database using database control.  * Resolved various Oracle connectivity problems.  * Implemented multiplexing control files and redo log files.  * Monitored tablespaces and datafiles utilization as well as managed undo tablespaces, redo logs, control files, and archive logs.  * Administered database user accounts: created, modified and deactivated user accounts; assigned and monitored user access rights. Education Higher National Diploma in (H.N.D) Mass Communication Ogun State Polytechnic Present National Diploma in (O.N.D) Mass Communication The Polytechnic
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1274.html#307:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - Priority One Services Bowie, MD Eight years' experience providing data management and DBA functions. My work with my current employer (a biomedical Contracting Industry for NIH and FDA) has mainly involved Special Access Programs that require Public Trust clearance and many information release constraints.  * Highly skillful and talented in installation, configuration and maintenance of Oracle 12c and 11g, databases.  * Development experience on UNIX/Linux and Windows systems and experience with SQL.  * Expertise in Performance Tuning and OEM.  * In-depth knowledge of and experience in designing and maintaining conceptual, logical, and physical data base models.  * Managed multiple 24x7 Production, Test and Development Databases on single instance DBs.  * Administrated databases using OEM Grid Control.  * Experienced in planning, installation, maintenance, configuring and administering of standalone, backup and Recovery, RMAN, server consolidation, DB migration, upgrades and patching.  * Expertise in database administration, installations, configuration, upgrades, migration, performance tuning, backup and recovery, cloning, space management, patching, security, fine grained auditing, capacity planning and designing databases.  * Monitored different databases and application servers using OEM Grid Control.  * Proficient in database design for OLTP and OLAP. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Priority One Services - Alexandria, VA August 2015 to Present * Planned, installed, configured, managed and troubleshot Oracle 12c and 11g databases on Linux and Windows OS.  * Managed and maintained Oracle 12c and 11g database servers across multiple environments.  * Expertise in the creation of databases, table spaces, tables, indexes and other database objects.  * Installed and manage Oracle Enterprise Manager.  * Performed bulk load into the database using SQL Loader.  * Performed standard and fine grain database auditing.  * Extensively used DATAPUMP and Export /Import utilities for logical backups.  * Performed database cloning using RMAN.  * Monitored the user sessions and take appropriate action to kill the inactive sessions.  * Created and rebuilt indexes as necessary.  * Performed various performance goal-oriented database tuning.  * Used Explain Plan, AWR, ADDM and various Oracle Advisors to tune the database.  * Created and tuned various materialized views as well as tuned various slow running queries.  * Performed instance tuning, memory tuning query tuning and complete database tuning.  * Created and implemented various table partitions for large tables.  * Applied quarterly CPU patches to different version of databases.  * Upgraded Oracle 10g DB to 11g and Oracle DB 11g from 11.2.0.1 to 11.2.0.3 using patch set. Oracle Database Administrator Bowie, MD July 2011 to August 2015 * Configured various RMAN parameters as per the requirement.  * Performed physical backups using RMAN utility.  * Identified and recovered the corrupted database blocks using Block recover option in RMAN.  * Configured and implemented the use of RMAN for cold and hot backup to the databases.  * Installed and configured relevant network components to ensure database access as well as database consistency and integrity.  * Troubleshoot and resolved various Oracle connectivity problems.  * Provided troubleshooting assistance to all issues and concerns related to Oracle Forms.  * Performed balancing on the scalability of data conversion and configuration.  * Provided network troubleshooting and administrative support for the development staff.  * Installed and managed of Oracle database using database control.  * Resolved various Oracle connectivity problems.  * Implemented multiplexing control files and redo log files.  * Monitored tablespaces and datafiles utilization as well as managed undo tablespaces, redo logs, control files, and archive logs.  * Administered database user accounts: created, modified and deactivated user accounts; assigned and monitored user access rights. Education Higher National Diploma in (H.N.D) Mass Communication Ogun State Polytechnic Present National Diploma in (O.N.D) Mass Communication The Polytechnic
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1275.html#308:::Cherwell Administrator;Database Administrator;Web Developer;Lead PC Technician, Office of Information Technology;DATABASE;MICROSOFT SQL SERVER;MICROSOFT SQL SERVER 2012;SQL SERVER;SQL SERVER 2012:::Cherwell Administrator Cherwell <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Cherwell Administrator - Dell Technologies Inc Round Rock, TX Work Experience Cherwell Administrator Dell Technologies Inc - Round Rock, TX April 2017 to Present Serve as the Cherwell Administrator providing Tier II support for Dell Federal IT Sales, in addition to supervising  operations, managing cross-functional teams, facilitating server management processes, implementing data analytics on technical issues, and understanding processes that are necessary for efficient results.  ? Direct issues to appropriate escalation levels, while handling technical issues and correspondences via phone, email  or Cherwell management system.  ? Produce daily and monthly performance reports, to ensure best practices are followed and future progress and statuses are forecasted accurately.  ? Develop Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) certificates for multifaceted servers, to streamline an encrypted link between a web server and a browser.  ? Maintain updates and upgrades to the Cherwell application and Web portal, in addition to integrating suggestions  that boost performance and support project goals.  ? Develop status reports through analyzing Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) and Cherwell service desk metrics.  ? Design various forms and database objects within Configuration Management Database (CMDB), to aid in creating  critical incidents that are integrated by SQL views and System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM).  ? Create simplistic and effective database architecture diagrams for Disaster Recovery (DR), to streamline  implementations within the networking and database team.    ? Identify diverse trends through reporting issues and disseminating recommendations to continually improve the Cherwell application processes.  ? Resolved and escalated incoming service requests of end users, while preventing high priority issues by adhering to the Service Level Agreements (SLAs).  ? Create high availability for Cherwell Web/App Servers, to insure Cherwell application does not fail.  ? Built Pre-Production, Test and Production environments of Cherwell Application. Database Administrator Dell Technologies Inc - Round Rock, TX January 2016 to March 2017 Proficient at delivering database support to vital systems, examining processes and procedures, assessing change  requests on technical issues, developing resolutions and preparing essential reports.  ? Assisted the Service Desk team in handling daily operations encompassing monitoring team performance, facilitating  incoming service requests, and resolving user requests in a timely manner.  ? Administered weekly term reports within SQL Server, to gauge personnel turnover and inventory of company  equipment.  ? Executed vital reports on TRAQ mobile load exports bi-weekly, to generate data analytics on mobile data usage across the Dell Information Technology department.  ? Utilized WinSCP to retrieve essential data from third party vendors, while tracking mobile spending thorugh  developoing queries within SQL Server. Web Developer Dell Technologies Inc - Round Rock, TX June 2015 to January 2016 Redesigned the "Savings Tracker" webpage to ensure a more attractive, sleek and user friendly experience within the Visual Studio environment, which was utilized by the Telecom Expense Management Team.  ? Developed dynamic and eye-popping webpages for diverse customers, through coding in HTML, CSS, AJAX and JavaScript.  ? Deployed and supported the application code across various system servers.  ? Managed and simplified the application build and release process by using object-oriented programming technology, which drastically reduced build errors and miminized code review time.  ? Composed queries within the SQL Server, to retrieve vital information from the "Savings Tracker", which improved  website traffic and increased page hits. Lead PC Technician, Office of Information Technology Norfolk State University - Norfolk, VA September 2013 to June 2015 Installed personal computers (PCs), peripherals, desktops, and programs requiring administrative rights for faculty  and staff.  ? Troubleshoot problems for both faculty and staff, while helping students with networking issues pertaining to Wi-Fi  and Local Area Networks (LANs).  ? Communicated with students and other end users, to acknowledge that the incidents requested were resolved.  ? Ensured the stability and security of network infrastructures, while establishing procedures for diverse projects.  ? Identified key security issues and developed an action plan to resolve them. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering Norfolk State University - Norfolk, VA May 2015 Skills DATABASE, MICROSOFT SQL SERVER, MICROSOFT SQL SERVER 2012, SQL SERVER, SQL SERVER 2012
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1276.html#309:::Consultant Capgemini Consulting Technology Outsourcing;Sr. System Engineer;Sr. Software Engineer;Sr. System Engineer;Database Administrator;Database Administrator;CEO:::Consultant Capgemini Consulting Technology Outsourcing Consultant Capgemini Consulting Technology Outsourcing ? 5.2 years of experience in SQL server Database Administration using MS SQL Server version 2005, 2008, 2008 R2, 2012, 2014 and 2016.  ? Experienced in setting up high availability and DR options like log shipping, mirroring, replication (Transactional or Snapshot) and Always On Availability Groups.  ? Proficient with SQL server Disaster Recovery Backup/Restore and creating Business Continuity Planning.  ? Experience in Database Migration, Migrated SQL server 2008 to SQL 2008R2, SQL server 2008R2 to 2012.  ? Proven experience in creating implementing Database objects like Stored Procedures, Triggers, Views, User Defined Functions.  ? Well experienced in Query Optimization, Client/server connectivity, Performance Tuning, Database Consistency Check using DBCC utilities, DMV's.  ? Hands on experience in creating Maintenance plans, scheduling SQL server jobs, Automatic administrative task and configuring Database Mail.  ? Experienced in using joins and Sub Queries for the simplification of complex Queries including more than one table.  ? Experience in implementing SQL server security and managing permission to the Database through Database roles, creating Users and logins.  ? Hands on experience in maintaining SQL server Clustering ( Active-Active / Active-Passive).  ? Experience in ETL (Extract Transform and Load) using SSIS (SQL server Integration Services ) in SQL server 2012 with Import/Export Data, Bulk insert.  ? Solid experience in troubleshooting and performance tuning by using activity monitor, performance monitor , DBCC, DMV's, DMF's and third party tools such as Spotlight, Idera monitoring.  ? Experienced on working with production servers and 24x7 on - call environments.  ? Applied Service packs and security updates for SQL server instances.  ? Excellent verbal and written communication skills combined with interpersonal and conflict resolution skills and possesses strong analytical skills as well as flexible to learn advancements in the IT industry. Work Experience Consultant Capgemini Consulting Technology Outsourcing March 2019 to Present Sr. System Engineer United Nations Office for Project Services - Copenhagen, DK January 2019 to March 2019 Copenhagen, Denmark  Environment: SQL Server 2005 and 2008, 2008R2 on Win Server 2003/2008/2012  Period: Jan 2019 to Mar 2019    Project Profile:  The United Nations Office for Project Services (UNOPS) is an operational arm of the United Nations, dedicated to implementing projects for the United Nations System, international financial institutions, governments and other partners around the world. The organization's global headquarters is located on the UN City campus in Copenhagen, Denmark  UNOPS implements more than $1 billion worth of peace and security, humanitarian and development projects for its partners every year, operating in more than 80 countries. Its activities have ranged from managing the construction of schools in Afghanistan, to building shelters in Haiti, to procuring ambulances to support the Ebola response in Liberia.  UNOPS is a member of the United Nations Development Group[2] and works particularly closely with United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), Department of Peacekeeping Operations (DPKO) and The World Bank.  UNOPS was established in 1973 as part of UNDP. It became an independent, self-financing organization in 1995. The UNOPS vision is to "advance sustainable implementation practices in development, humanitarian and peacebuilding contexts" in some of the world's most challenging environments. UNOPS concentrates its support in areas where it has a clear mandate and expertise: infrastructure, procurement, project management, human resources and financial management services.    Contribution / Highlights:  ? SQL Server 2005, 2008, 2008r2, 2012, 2014 & 2016 installations & configuration and security settings for standalone and clustered servers.  ? Maintaining the Security of the Database and giving permission to the Users on demand.  ? Creating and Maintaining scheduled jobs, Maintenance plans, and database native backups.  ? Working on file movement activities as per request with application teams.  ? Designing and supporting high availability SQL Server solutions that include Log shipping, mirroring, Replication, & clustering.  ? Monitor database usage and growth trends to forecast future storage needs, includes quarterly trending reports by instance/application.  ? Design and implement Database Maintenance and Upgrade Plan.  ? Leading the transition of various SQL Server functions/tasks from version 2005 to 2008 including log shipping setup, monitoring and modifications.  ? Heavily involved in troubleshooting, resolving data integrity and performance issues.  ? Troubleshooting and resolving blocking/locking and dead lock Issues and taking action as per approval.  ? Performing rebuild/reorganize of indexes as per Fragmentation percentage.  ? To communicate with the Onsite/Offshore Team to get the things done to meet the project's deadline.  ? Monitoring Disk Space of all the Servers and freeing up space as per SQL Server i.e. Older Backups, Unused Files etc.  ? Export or Import data from other data sources like flat files using Import/Export of DTS.  ? Working knowledge on Configuring and Monitoring Log shipping to create the backup server strategy and troubleshooting the manual Fail-Over of log shipping.  ? Knowledge on Mirroring and troubleshooting during failures.  ? Hands on import, export and granting access to DTS/SSIS Packages.  ? Applied SQL services packs on database Mirroring configured server.  ? Worked on SQL service pack patching on clustered servers (Two Node Cluster) & support windows cluster server patching.  ? Involved in the creation and deployment of the reports using SSRS and configuring the SQL Server Reporting Server.  ? Extensively worked with SSIS tool suite, designed and created mapping using various SSIS transformations like OLEDB.  ? Generated reports using SSRS, Excel that could be used to send information to diverse group of users, clients, and managers.  ? Used SSIS to create ETL packages to validate, Extract, transform and load data to data warehouse databases, data mart databases.  ? Responsible for creating the reports basing on the requirements using SSRS 2008.  ? Developed SSIS Templates which can be used to develop SSIS packages such a way that they can be dynamically deployed into DEV, Test and Production Environments.  ? Designed and implemented Data Integration and ETL processes with SSIS packages to make data available for reporting purpose within a data warehouse.  ? Scheduled and maintain regular/weekly Jobs, Alerts and Maintenance Plans.  ? Monitoring backup jobs & taking backups manually and using SQL Safe tool and restoring databases as per user requirement.    PROJECT:-2 Sr. Software Engineer Zensar Technologies Limited June 2016 to March 2019 Sr. System Engineer Telecommunications Company. Charter Communications - US June 2016 to December 2018 US  Environment: SQL Server 2005 and 2008, 2008R2 on Win Server 2003/2008/2012  Period: June 2016 to Dec 2018    Project Profile:  Charter Communications, is an American telecommunications company that offers its services to consumers and businesses under the branding of Spectrum. Providing services to over 25 million customers in 41 states it is the second-largest cable operator in the United States by subscribers, just behind Comcast, and third largest pay TV operator behind Comcast and AT&T U-verse/DirecTV. It is the fifth largest telephone provider based upon residential subscriber line count. Database Administrator Brigade Corporation India Private Limited April 2014 to June 2016 PROJECT:-1 Database Administrator Hartford Life Insurance. Woodbury - US April 2014 to June 2016 US  Environment: SQL Server 2005 and 2008, 2012 on Win Server 2003/2008/2012  Period: April 2014 to June 2016    Project Profile:  At Fifth Third Bank, we want you to grow and succeed as an employee, as a person, and as a member of your community. To help you fully realize your goals and potential, we offer a comprehensive curriculum of training and development for employees at all levels all designed to increase your overall skills, knowledge and opportunities throughout your career at Fifth Third Bank. Each learning solution is designed to prepare you to successfully perform in your job responsibilities, as well as inform you of important Bank processes and systems.    Contribution / Highlights:  ? SQL Server 2005, 2008, 2008r2, 2012, 2014 & 2016 installations & configuration and security settings for standalone and clustered servers.  ? Maintaining the Security of the Database and giving permission to the Users on demand.  ? Creating and Maintaining scheduled jobs, Maintenance plans, and database native backups.  ? Working on file movement activities as per request with application teams.  ? Designing and supporting high availability SQL Server solutions that include Log shipping, mirroring, Replication, & clustering.  ? Monitor database usage and growth trends to forecast future storage needs, includes quarterly trending reports by instance/application.  ? Design and implement Database Maintenance and Upgrade Plan.  ? Leading the transition of various SQL Server functions/tasks from version 2005 to 2008 including log shipping setup, monitoring and modifications.  ? Heavily involved in troubleshooting, resolving data integrity and performance issues.  ? Troubleshooting and resolving blocking/locking and dead lock Issues and taking action as per approval.  ? Performing rebuild/reorganize of indexes as per Fragmentation percentage.  ? To communicate with the Onsite/Offshore Team to get the things done to meet the project's deadline.  ? Monitoring Disk Space of all the Servers and freeing up space as per SQL Server i.e. Older Backups, Unused Files etc.  ? Export or Import data from other data sources like flat files using Import/Export of DTS.  ? Working knowledge on Configuring and Monitoring Log shipping to create the backup server strategy and troubleshooting the manual Fail-Over of log shipping.  ? Knowledge on Mirroring and troubleshooting during failures.  ? Hands on import, export and granting access to DTS/SSIS Packages.  ? Applied SQL services packs on database Mirroring configured server.  ? Worked on SQL service pack patching on clustered servers (Two Node Cluster) & support windows cluster server patching.  ? Involved in the creation and deployment of the reports using SSRS and configuring the SQL Server Reporting Server.  ? Troubleshooting and resolving blocking/locking and dead lock Issues and taking action as per approval.  ? Performing rebuild/reorganize of indexes as per Fragmentation percentage.  ? To communicate with the Onsite/Offshore Team to get the things done to meet the project's deadline. CEO St. Louis, MO 2012 to 2012 to Stamford, Connecticut, although many operations. Still remain based out of St. Louis. Charter became the parent company of Time Warner Cable and Bright House Networks for a combined $71.4 billion, making it the third-largest pay television service in the United States.    Contribution / Highlights:  ? SQL Server 2005, 2008, 2008r2, 2012, 2014 & 2016 installations & configuration and security settings for standalone and clustered servers.  ? Maintaining the Security of the Database and giving permission to the Users on demand.  ? Creating and Maintaining scheduled jobs, Maintenance plans, and database native backups.  ? Working on file movement activities as per request with application teams.  ? Designing and supporting high availability SQL Server solutions that include Log shipping, mirroring, Replication, & clustering.  ? Monitor database usage and growth trends to forecast future storage needs, includes quarterly trending reports by instance/application.  ? Design and implement Database Maintenance and Upgrade Plan.  ? Leading the transition of various SQL Server functions/tasks from version 2005 to 2008 including log shipping setup, monitoring and modifications.  ? Heavily involved in troubleshooting, resolving data integrity and performance issues.  ? Troubleshooting and resolving blocking/locking and dead lock Issues and taking action as per approval.  ? Performing rebuild/reorganize of indexes as per Fragmentation percentage.  ? To communicate with the Onsite/Offshore Team to get the things done to meet the project's deadline.  ? Monitoring Disk Space of all the Servers and freeing up space as per SQL Server i.e. Older Backups, Unused Files etc.  ? Export or Import data from other data sources like flat files using Import/Export of DTS.  ? Working knowledge on Configuring and Monitoring Log shipping to create the backup server strategy and troubleshooting the manual Fail-Over of log shipping.  ? Knowledge on Mirroring and troubleshooting during failures.  ? Hands on import, export and granting access to DTS/SSIS Packages.  ? Applied SQL services packs on database Mirroring configured server.  ? Worked on SQL service pack patching on clustered servers (Two Node Cluster) & support windows cluster server patching.  ? Involved in the creation and deployment of the reports using SSRS and configuring the SQL Server Reporting Server.  ? Extensively worked with SSIS tool suite, designed and created mapping using various SSIS transformations like OLEDB.  ? Generated reports using SSRS, Excel that could be used to send information to diverse group of users, clients, and managers.  ? Used SSIS to create ETL packages to validate, Extract, transform and load data to data warehouse databases, data mart databases.  ? Responsible for creating the reports basing on the requirements using SSRS 2008.  ? Developed SSIS Templates which can be used to develop SSIS packages such a way that they can be dynamically deployed into DEV, Test and Production Environments.  ? Designed and implemented Data Integration and ETL processes with SSIS packages to make data available for reporting purpose within a data warehouse.  ? Scheduled and maintain regular/weekly Jobs, Alerts and Maintenance Plans.  ? Monitoring backup jobs & taking backups manually and using SQL Safe tool and restoring databases as per user requirement.    PROJECT: 3 Education B. Tech Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University - Ananthapur, TAMIL NADU, IN Additional Information Technical skills:    Operating Systems: MS - DOS, Windows 7,8,10 XP; Windows Server 2012R2, 2012, 2008, 2003  Databases: MS SQL Server 2000/2005, 2008/2008 R2/2012/2014/2016  SQL Server Tools: SSMS, SSIS, SSRS, Profiler, Extended Events, Query Analyzer  Database Modeling & Other Tools: Service now
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1277.html#310:::Database Engineer;Database Administrator & Reporting Analyst;VBA Developer & Reporting Analyst;Quality Assurance Analyst & Application Tester;MICROSOFT SQL SERVER;SQL SERVER;MYSQL;ORACLE;SQL:::Database Engineer <span class="hl">Database</span> Engineer Chief Projects Coordinator - Baltimore Black Techies Baltimore, MD Work Experience Database Engineer Wells Fargo December 2017 to May 2018 • Worked with lead developers at a major financial institution to successfully create a new database and automated web system to produce over 200 detailed and error-free commercial mortgage account reports in time for early filing with the SEC, which would be reused in future years with data from current proprietary commercial mortgage account systems.  • Increased efficiencies and reduced redundancies through automations & new database schema structuring.  • Frequently used VBA and T-SQL queries in Microsoft SQL Server 2012 and Microsoft Access during Schema Engineering as well as overall development experience. Database Administrator & Reporting Analyst White and Williams LLP July 2015 to March 2017 • Created a statistical & configurable dashboard from scratch; written in extensive VBA script and T-SQL.  • Developed new user functions and components of an already existing database in a basic form. New API included tools for staff to generate completed commonly used document templates from pre-existing data within database, tools for calculation & reporting of gross & net financial amounts and travel budgets, and various other tools for automated generation of regularly used templates for documents sent to the corporate records department.  • Developed and managed the Admin interfaces of proprietary Database systems which included the development of a brand-new API for the creation and deletion of user accounts. With this, came a new model/system for account types & permission levels, individualized user settings and encrypted password control.  • Developed a brand-new proprietary system at a law firm to automate the download / file transfer of case documents from a specific client website which previously required time-consuming manual download of large files, one at a time. This new system I developed downloaded the documents, named the files according to the proper convention, saved all to a specific directory (based on its case information) and notified the handling attorney of the completion of the file transfer via email with a detailed record of all the files within the body of the email and a link to the new folder containing the files.    • Extensive use of VBA and TSQL for the design and implementation of new functions within the Database Applications including new automated methods for management of customer profile lifecycle and status, contacts profiles and transmission of data both internally and across other software applications.    Writing of detailed official user manuals & extensive training guides kept on file for DB components created. VBA Developer & Reporting Analyst Starr Indemnity & Liability Company April 2012 to May 2015 • Promoted within company from Quality Tester (below) based on merit and quality of work to a more full-time developer role with many analyst functions.  • Scripted and designed interfaces for applications which can both parse and script SQL code files (in background) based on simple user input (via form), for producing query-based reports in MS Access, MS Excel and/or Oracle.  • Provided direct support to internal business analysts, client & third-party vendor teams in the design, implementation, maintenance & development of systems.  • Provided support to Accounting departments by creation of VBA programs for premium reconciliation Quality Assurance Analyst & Application Tester August 2010 to April 2012 • Extensive use of Salesforce to import and analyze raw customer data.  • Participated in a Salesforce.com data project which included user experience testing with scenarios I created, enterprise level upgrades and data migration.  • Developed new proprietary applications systems within MS Excel using VBA for automatic transmission & retention of both data and reports between Excel, Access and Outlook (mail body & file attachments).  • Provided direct support to business analysts for nearly all aspects of user-case testing projects.    Nonprofit Experience & Affiliations Education Econometrics The City College of the City University of New York Skills MICROSOFT SQL SERVER, SQL SERVER, MYSQL, ORACLE, SQL
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1278.html#311:::Sr. Oracle DBA/GoldenGate SME;Sr Oracle DBA/GoldenGate SME;Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;DATABASES (7 years);ORACLE (7 years);LINUX (5 years);OEM (5 years);RDBMS (3 years):::Sr. Oracle DBA/GoldenGate SME Sr. Oracle DBA/GoldenGate SME Sr. Oracle DBA/GoldenGate SME - Cintra Software and Services South Amboy, NJ * 8+ years of experience as Oracle Database Admin on Oracle 12c/11g/10g/9i/8i.  6+ years of GoldenGate 12c/11g/v10  2+ years on Exadata x3-8/x4-2/x5-2  * Supported as Production and development (Devops) DBA on OLTP, Data warehouse, OLAP, DSS environment. Involved in Change/Release/Patch management and off-shore co-ordination, Product development/testing, data center Migration, Application Upgrade and Integration. Administration including design, deploy, tune, trouble-shoot. Efficient to manage 50+DB. VLDB size in 50 TB.  * ROUTINE - design, install, create& testing databases. Solving tickets, Refresh data by exp/imp. Debugging scripts. Troubleshooting issue on databases and applications. User, space, objects and memory management.  * Domain knowledge such as finance, telecommunication, airlines, Insurance, Investment banking, Financial, commercial card, Retail and existing applications. Sanity check of application users.  * DESIGN - logical & physical. Capacity planning & growth. Transparent data using synonyms and views for different application users accessing same database. Optimizing disk i/o and sql access plan. Data modeling for data warehouse. Design star, snowflake/hybrid schema.  * GoldenGate setup, data mapping, filter, troubleshoot, developing parameter file. Live reporting, CDC, Active-Active standby configuration. Configure Golden Gate on RAC environment to replicate data on non-RAC. Install Golden Gate director. Convert streams to GoldenGate. Performance-tuning of GoldenGate processes. replication from SQL -SERVER 2008 to Oracle using GoldenGate. Zero downtime Migration from 8i to 11g using GoldenGate. Implemented GoldenGate on Exadata X2. GoldenGate Mapping & Transformation. Upgrade to Integrated capture. Configure GoldenGate 12c for Oracle to Coherence. Implement Integrated Replicate to decrease latency. Wrote shell script Utility to Automate GoldenGate implementation (RAC enabled). Install GoldenGate 12C, Implement Integrated Replicat. Worked Extensively on CDR (v10/ 11r2). Develop Complex Logic based using GG parameters. Configure GG to replicate Oracle to cache coherence for EBS.  * ODA - Implementation of X4 and X5 ODA. Applied quarterly patches. Capacity Planning and consolidation for migration. Customize storage for different application & storage. Migration from X4 to X5, Performance benchmark, Tuning of Queries for parallel. Implementing GoldenGate on ODA.  * Exadata - Extensive experience on Exadata full-stack patching (QFSDP). GoldenGate Implementation on Exadata and Zero downtime migration from legacy systems to Exadata.  * Linux admin - configure YUM repository, Basis User management, Configure LDAP on database Nodes. Scripted snapshot-backup of database Nodes filesystem on ZFS. Install/deinstall RPM to match exact dependencies for Exadata Image version.  * RAC - Implementation & admin of 10g/11g RAC on Linux AIX & SOLARIS. ASM, OCFS, RAW devices, VERITAS SFRAC.FAN, TAF, load balancing, inter instance parallelism, add/remove node. Troubleshooting & Admin ASM. Apply patches. RCA of resource failure issues.  * DATA GUARD - Set up physical/logical standby for DR and reporting. Configure data guard, open standby in read/write, manage archive gap, testing of fail-over/switch-over, changing modes. Worked on 11g Active data guard / snap-shot database and advance compression of redo. Testing of Lag-time over redo generation. Cross-platform migration using Data guard.  * UPGRADE - 9i/10g/11g/12c. Apply security/PSU patches. Validate database structure. Troubleshoot failed component in upgrade process. Upgrade ASM and RAC from 10g to 11g and from 11g to 12c.  * MIGRATION - 8i to 10g to 11g to 12c databases plus applications, cross-platform using Data guard, data conversation. Maintain performance across all phase. Consolidate SQL SERVER & DB2 to oracle by migration workbench. Migration by GoldenGate using zero downtime method. Non ASM to ASM.  * BACKUP - script, test and troubleshoot backup. RMAN, user managed, expdp/impdp, netbackup. Optimize backup time frame & space. Restore database, datafile. Point-in-time recovery. Used Flashback technology. Clone database.  * TUNNING - Instance, database & SQL performance optimization. Using Explain plan, TKPROF, ADDM, AWR, v$ and dba views & HIST tables. Modify parameters, forcing index, hints, optimizing joins, sub queries, I/O & CPU utilization. Top sql/session, bottle-neck issues. Tune init parameter. Used RAT (Real application Testing) to simulate Load and SPA for performance analyze it. Full table scan and Index usage. Create performance baseline, Comparing performance, Investigate Top activities, generate trend report of tablespace usage & estimate future growth.  * MONITOR - Errors, space, audit users, threshold and alerts by shell scripts, OEM, sql queries, logs and spool files. Setup & Admin grid control. Interpreting AWR, ADDM. Worked on ADRCI command-line 11g. Report Top SQL, segments, hot blocks, wait events.  * ETL - Data loading, mapping and filter. Used sql* loader and GoldenGate. Consolidate data from various DBMS into datamart database.  * SHELL - writing shell scripts for monitor, reports, backup. Automate tasks such as delete old files, capture errors, sending alerts, archive gap on standby, duplicate db, refresh user data. Used of AWK, sed, alias, case commands.  * COMMUNICATION - developers, business analyst, users, release coordinator for development and performance issue. Review codes, scripts. Adopt business flow of application without KT. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Oracle DBA/GoldenGate SME Cintra Software and Services - New York, NY October 2013 to Present Responsibilities:  * Setup and Monitor GoldenGate 11.2/12.1/12.2 on Exadata and non-exadata systems. Setup bi-directional Replications. Troubleshoot Replication Errors.  * Extensively used GoldenGate zero downtime methodology to migrate databases.  * Implemented advanced GoldenGate features like Integrated Extract, Replicat, wallet, encryptions to existing and new GoldenGate setups.  * Implemented bi-direction GoldenGate replication for multi-master configuration.  * Upgraded GoldenGate software from 11g to 12c. Performed refresh of GoldenGate uni-directional and bi-directional replication setups. Configured shell scripts for GoldenGate process monitoring and backups. Applied periodic patches to GoldenGate  * Implementation and Support on X4 and X5 Oracle Database Appliance. Applied quarterly patches to ODA's.  * Worked with Oracle Support to replace faulty hardware on Engineered Systems (ODA's and Exadata).  * Migration of databases from Legacy Systems to Engineered Systems using GoldenGate and DataGuard  * Setup Active data guard on Exadata X3 on Dedicated Network. Regression Test for Data Guard Replication to Measure Latency. Configure Exadata specific Dataguard parameters to Avoid Block corruptions. Configured physical standby databases and resynced out of sync standby databases using incremental SCN based backup.  * Performed End to End Setup of Oracle Database Appliance X4/X5 and migration of databases from legacy to Engineered Systems (ODA).  * Consolidate Multiple OLTP & DW databases to Exadata X5-2 Platform. Implement and support Exadata. Admin and Monitor Exadata Components using Grid Control and ILOM.    Environment: Oracle 12c/11g/10g, Exadata X3-2/X4-2/X5-2, ODA X4/X5, GoldenGate 11g/12c, Veridata, OEM 12c, Linux Sr Oracle DBA/GoldenGate SME Citi Bank - Irving, TX July 2012 to September 2013 Responsibilities:  * Installing & configuring Oracle Grid Infrastructure & Database Software (Troubleshooting using cluvfy & handling common issues that arise during integration of the whole - bugs, network issues, configuration files issues, OCR issue, deinstallation & cleanup of Grid Infrastructure)  * Upgraded/Migrated databases from 10g to 11.2.0.4  * Migrated databases from Non-ASM to ASM  * Backup strategies and planning using RMAN, O/S and logical backups, setting up periodic backups using cron job and shell scripts. Restored 1.2 TB full database from tape to new server for testing purpose.  * Refresh the test and development databases from the source production databases on a regular basis using export/import utility  * Successfully maintained multiple databases. Implemented Grid Control for managing databases.  * Installation and configuration of Physical Standby Databases  * Created shell scripts for GoldenGate process lag monitoring  * Creating and maintaining logins, synonyms and access privileges using roles, controlling access to the database using operating system and Oracle security features.  * Provide technical assistance and troubleshooting support to developers for deployments. Diagnosed Oracle bugs and coordinated with Oracle support to resolve them in timely manner.  * Applied patches and worked closely with Oracle to make Application environment up to date.  * Install, Configure and support uni-directional and bi-directional of Oracle GoldenGate 11g on RAC and Non-RAC databases.  * Installation, Configuration, Designing and Maintaining of Oracle 11g on AIX 5.3 , 6.1 , HP-UX 11.11.1, Sun Solaris 5.10.  * Upgrade / Migration of databases from Oracle 10G to 11g using Oracle GoldenGate.  * Configured GoldenGate DDL replication in a an existing one way DML replication  * Configured Bi-directional Active-Active GoldenGate setup  * Configured Macros and Exception handler routines for both DML and DML setups.  * Configured GoldenGate Heartbeat processes for monitoring of lag and performance.  * Provide Primary DBA support for establishing, upgrading and maintaining the RDBMS software environments  * Implementing various GoldenGate replication setups as per project requirements.  * Used various methods like Export-Import, Data Pump and RMAN for initial load in GoldenGate replication  * Tuned and optimized GoldenGate Parameters on Extract, Pump and Replicat processes.  * Installation and configuration of Physical Standby Databases  * Scheduled jobs to run on daily/weekly/monthly basis through Crontab.  * Installation and Configuration of GoldenGate Monitor for monitoring of different GoldenGate Instances  * Installed and Configured Veridata to perform high-speed data comparison while data sources are online    Environment: Oracle 11g/10g, GoldenGate, Veridata, GoldenGate Monitor, RDBMS, RMAN, AIX, Solaris Oracle Database Administrator ESPN - Bristol, CT August 2011 to June 2012 Responsibilities:  * Support, Maintenance, Configuration and Installation of Oracle GoldenGate 11g on RAC and Non-RAC databases.  * Created and modified UNIX Shell scripts, for startup and shutdown of GoldenGate Instances and processes.  * Configuration of Macros and Exception handling routines for Bi-directional GoldenGate setup  * Implemented multiple GoldenGate Instances and configured different processes on each Dev, QA & Prod environment accordingly.  * Applied patches to GoldenGate 10g and 11g.  * Implementing various GoldenGate replication setups as per the requirements.  * Performed Initial Load for GoldenGate replication using various methods like Export-Import, Data Pump and RMAN  * Tuned and optimized GoldenGate Parameters on Extract, Pump and Replicat processes.  * Install and configured GoldenGate for Java for configuration JMS Pump for generating JMS Messages  * Installation and configuration of Physical Standby Databases  * Responding and working with Application Development teams.  * Scheduled jobs to run on daily/weekly/monthly basis through Crontab.    Environment: Oracle 11g/10g/9i, SQL Server, GoldenGate, Veridata, GoldenGate Monitor, RDBMS, RMAN, AIX Oracle Database Administrator Deutsche Bank - Jersey City, NJ September 2010 to July 2011 Responsibilities:  * Support, Maintenance, Configuration and Installation of Oracle 11g RAC on Oracle Database File System (DBFS).  * Support, Maintenance, Configuration and Installation of Oracle GoldenGate 10g  * Created and modified UNIX Shell scripts, for startup and shutdown of GoldenGate instances  * Backup strategies and planning using RMAN, O/S and logical backups, setting up periodic backups using cron job and shell scripts  * Implemented multiple GoldenGate instances and configured different processes on each Dev, QA & Prod environment accordingly.  * Tuned and optimized GoldenGate Parameters on Extract, Pump and Replicat processes.  * Install and configured Grid Infrastructure for Oracle database 11g Release 2 RAC.  * Installation and configuration of Physical Standby Databases  * Creating and Managing stored procedures and triggers.  * Perform User Management, creation, monitoring and management of database users, altering passwords of users and granting and revoking system/object privileges, roles, auditing user actions in the database.  * Responding and working with Application Development teams.  * Scheduled jobs to run on daily/weekly/monthly basis through Crontab.    Environment: Oracle 11g/10g, Data Guard, Golden Gate, RDBMS, OEM, Sun Solaris 5.10, Linux Education Master of Science University of Bridgeport Bachelor of Engineering in Engineering Nagpur University Skills DATABASES (7 years), ORACLE (7 years), LINUX (5 years), OEM (5 years), RDBMS (3 years) Additional Information * OTHER SKILLS - work 24 x7, weekends, late hours. Less guidance, documentation of methods, plans & daily work. Work in Team or as stand-alone person, multi-tasking. Worked at client site. Prepare KT document for role Transition.    TECHNICAL SKILLS    * Databases: Oracle 12c/11g/10g/9i/8i, RDBMS, MS Access.  * Operating Systems: UNIX, AIX, HP-UX , Red Hat Linux ,Windows NT/XP/2000/2003.  * Programming Languages: SQL, PL/SQL, C/C++, UNIX Shell Script, C #.Net, Php, ASP.  * Technologies: Exadata, ZFS, GoldenGate , Veridata, GoldenGate Monitor, Data Guard, AWR, STATSPACK, Export/Import, SQL *Plus, OEM, RMAN, TKPROF, FTP, Telnet.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1279.html#312:::DevOps Cloud Architect;AWS Architect;Database Administrator;Linux Administrator;System Engineer:::DevOps Cloud Architect DevOps Cloud Architect DevOps Cloud Architect - AT&T Raleigh, NC • DevOps Architect with 9+ years of experience in administrating, configuring, managing Linux distributions and Virtualization.  • Accomplished AWS DevOps system Engineer, managing server's infrastructures and administration of mission critical, high availability environments. Build and Release in Automating, Building, Deploying, and Releasing of code from one environment to another environment.  • Worked on AWS Cloud platform and its features which includes EC2, VPC, EBS, AMI, SNS, RDS, Cloud Watch, Cloud Trail, Cloud Formation AWS Configuration, Auto scaling, Cloud Front, IAM, S3.  • Infrastructure Development and Operations, involved in designing and deploying utilizing almost all the AWS stack like EC2, EBS, S3, VPC, RDS, SES, ELB, Auto scaling, Cloud Front, Cloud Formation, Elastic Cache, Cloud Watch, SNS, Route 53.  • Focusing on high-availability, fault tolerance and auto-scaling in cloud formation. Creating snapshots and Amazon machine images (AMIs) of the instances for backup and creating clone instances.  • Worked on creating Cloud Formation templates for dev, test, staging and production.  • Configuring and Networking of Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) Written Cloud formation templates and deployed AWS resources using it.  • Experience with automation and configuration management (Terraform, Puppet).  • Automation of OS builds and Application Installation through Puppet and deployed Docker Engines in virtualized platforms for containerization of multiple apps.  • Performed automation tasks on various Docker components like Docker Hub, Docker Engine, Docker Machine, Compose and Docker Registry.  • Dockerized applications by creating Docker images from Docker file  • Designed highly accessible, fault tolerant and cost-effective systems using multiple EC2 instances, Auto scaling, Elastic Load Balance and AMIs.  • Creating S3 buckets also managing policies for S3 buckets and Utilized S3 bucket and Glacier for storage and backup on AWS.  • Experience on manage IAM users by creating new users, giving them a limited access as per needs, assign roles and policies to specific user.  • Experience in branching, tagging and maintaining the version control and source code management tools like GIT (GitHub/Gitlab), SVN (subversion) on Linux and windows platforms.  • Experience in working on with agile environment and have a Full understanding of SDLCand process.  • Experience in Puppet as Configuration management tool, to automate the repetitive tasks, quickly deploy critical applications, and enthusiastically managed the changes.  • Experience with DevOps configuration management tools such as Chef.  • Worked on applications to achieve continuous integration (CI) and continuous delivery (CD).  • Experience on Jenkins. By installing, configuring and maintaining for continuous integration (CI) and for End to End automation for all build and deployments.  • Experience in load balancing, Integrating and monitoring with Nagios. Work Experience DevOps Cloud Architect AT&T - Raleigh, NC July 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  • Involved in DevOps migration/automation processes for build and deploy systems.  • Configured, monitored and automated Amazon Web Services as well as involved in deploying the content cloud platform on Amazon Web Services using EC2, S3 and EBS.  • Launched AWS EC2 Cloud Instances using Amazon Web Services (Linux/ Ubuntu/RHEL) and Configured launched instances with respect to specific applications. Created Snapshots and Amazon Machine Images (AMI's) of EC2 Instance.  • Created AWS S3 Buckets, Policies and on the IAM Role based polices customizing the JSON templates, Glacier for Archival storage and backup on AWS.  • Created the AWS VPC network for the Installed Instances and configured the Security Groups and Elastic IP's accordingly.  • Deployed Azure IaaS virtual machines (VMs) and Cloud services (PaaS role instances) into secure VNets and subnets.  • Designed Network Security Groups (NSGs) to control inbound and outbound access to network interfaces (NICs), VMs and subnets.  • Provided high availability for IaaS VMs and PaaS role instances for access from other services in the VNet with Azure Internal Load Balancer.  • Script, debug and automate PowerShell scripts to reduce manual administration tasks and cloud deployments.  • Create the Virtual Machine cluster and load balance for VM's using PowerShell in SQL & Windows Environment.  • Worked on creating Custom Azure Templates for quick deployments and advanced PowerShell scripting.  • Worked on AWS Lambda to run the code in response to events, such as changes to data in an Amazon S3 bucket, Amazon DynamoDB table, HTTP requests using AWS API Gateway and invoked the code using API calls made using AWS SDKs.  • Maintained DNS records using Route53. Used AWS Route53 to manage DNS zones and give public DNS names to elastic load balancers IP's.  • Managing and creating new and existing environments in VSTS deployment groups.  • Architected and developed continuous integration, continuous deployment and configuration management that automated builds and deployments to numerous environments using VSTS on Azure Devops project.  • Managed Kubernetes charts using Helm. Created reproducible builds of the Kubernetes applications, managedKubernetes manifest files and Managedreleases of Helm packages.  • Created a Continuous Delivery process to include support building of Docker Images and publish into a private repository- Nexus v3.  • Installed and configured Nexus repository manager for sharing artifacts between internal teams and created proxy Nexus repositories to speed up the build process.  • Responsible for installation & configuration of Jenkins to support various Java builds and Jenkins plugins to automate continuous builds and publishing Docker images to the Nexus repository.  • Container management using Docker by writing Dockerfiles and set up the automated build on Docker HUB and installed and configuredKubernetes.  • Established infrastructure excellence Site Reliability and DevOps teams executing leading, proven best practices through innovative frameworks, automation  • Used Terraform for cloud Automation like setting up the target environment which comprises of VPC's, Subnet's, Security Group's for the migrated server's to be launched.  • VMware process automation using vSphere power CLI and windows power shell.  • Built Continuous Integration environment (Jenkins, Nexus) and delivery environment (puppet, Yum)  • Performed Integrated delivery (CI and CD process) Using Jenkins, Nexus and Yum.  • Created scripts for system administration and AWS using languages such as BASH and Python.  • Built server deployment on Cloud (EC2) servers with help of DevOps tools like Chef.  • Implemented JSHint/JSLint testing tool to automate the code review process and published the results on Jenkins as well the graph by comparing everyday nightly builds.  • Maintenance and Managing of LDAP server. Processing of Java Script to all the nodes using Chef.  • Configured automation tools like Chef on Linux servers.  • Installed and Configured Nagios on servers and clients using Chef.  • Actively involved in architecting the chef infrastructure to manage more than 2000 servers  • Involved in virtualization with VMware ESX vSphere 4.1 and created VM's and performed P2V and P2P migrations. Migrated Projects from SVN to GIT  • Installing and Configuring TOMCAT and deployment of JSP.  • Worked on hardware, HBA, DNS, ANS, firewall, load balancer, networking, middleware, web application, Application Servers & security.  • Installing, configuring, and administering DNS, NFS, NIS, Mail servers, FTP servers RPM servers on Sun Solaris and Red Hat Linux platforms.  • Configure and maintain codebase to support the build and deployment of code on servers.  • Maintain a Live Like environment to test any production issues on the setup and push it into production.  • Responsible for distributed applications across hybrid AWS and physical data centers.  • Worked on creation of custom Docker container images, tagging and pushing the images.  • Worked on creating the Docker containers and consoles for managing the application life cycle.  • Configuration Management using Subversion (SVN) and maintaining admin related files.  • Automating the regular tasks in Subversion and streamlining the process of access to SVN.    Environment: Java/J2EE, Subversion, Jenkins, JIRA, OpenStack, Maven, GIT, ANT, Chef, Docker, AWS, Python, Remedy, UNIX Shell Scripting. Red Hat EL 3/4/5/6, SUSE, Apache Cloud Stack, AWS AWS Architect UPS - Atlanta, GA September 2015 to June 2017 Responsibilities:  • Deploying, planning, monitoring, and maintenance of amazon AWS stack (Including EC2, Route53, S3, RDS, Dynamo DB, SNS, SQS, and IAM) and virtual machines as required in the environment.  • Developed automation framework for Application Deployments to the cloud environments.  • Worked on Managing the Private Cloud Environment using puppet.  • Implemented AWS solutions using EC2, S3, RDS, EBS, Elastic Load Balancer, and Auto scaling groups, Optimized volumes and EC2 instances.  • Worked on puppet as Configuration management tool, to automate repetitive tasks, quickly deploy critical applications, and proactively manage change.  • Assign Roles, manage Users and groups and assign policies using AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM).  • Configured Elastic Load Balancers (ELB) with EC2 Auto scaling groups. Created monitors, alarms and notifications for EC2 hosts using Cloud Watch.  • Assigned security groups, network ACLs, Internet Gateways, NAT instances and Route tables to ensure a secure zone for organizations in AWS public cloud  • Designed & implemented automatedserverbuild management, monitoring&deployment using Ansible and Nagios.  • Used Ansible and Ansible Tower as Configuration management tool, to automate repetitive tasks, quickly deploys critical applications, and proactively manages change.  • Wrote Python Code using Ansible Python API to Automate Cloud Deployment Process.  • Developed Python Modules for Ansible Customizations.  • Used Ansible Playbooks to setup Continuous Delivery Pipeline. Deployed micro services, including provisioning AWS environments using Ansible Playbooks.  • Used Ansible to document all infrastructures into version control.  • Created Ansible playbooks, which are the entry point for Ansible provisioning, where the automation defined through tasks using YAML format and Run Ansible Scripts to depending on provision to servers.  • Created Custom Ansible modules for finding facts about Cloud watch alarms and taking actions to pause/unpause those alarms during deployments.  • Managed a PaaS for deployments using Docker, Ansible and Mesos, which reduced considerably deployment risks.  • Setup AWS VPC's for dev, staging and Prod environments.  • Installed, Configured and Administered Hudson/Jenkins Continuous Integration Tool.  • Responsible for Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Delivery (CD) process implementation usingJenkins along with Shell scripts to automate routine jobs.  • Developed a continuous deployment pipeline using Jenkins, shell scripts.  • Virtualized the servers using the Docker for the test environments and dev-environments needs. And, configuration automation using Docker containers.  • Implemented rapid-provisioning and life-cycle management for Ubuntu Linux using Amazon EC2, PowerShell and custom Bash scripts.  • Vulnerability Assessment Penetration Testing on the infrastructure on AWS for security.  • Developed Perl and shell scripts for automation, developed Custom Scripts to monitoring.  • Designed, wrote and implemented Python script for taking automatic Snapshots of EC2 instances  • Managed GIT (GitHub) and SVN as Source Control Systems.    Environment: Shell Scripting, Ansible, GitHub, CLI, Python, Tomcat, Apache, Oracle, Jenkins, Ubuntu, Centos, AWS, Elastic Load Balancer, S3, Cloud Watch, IAM, RDS, Storage Gateway. Database Administrator May 2013 to August 2015 Responsibilities:  • Installed and configured software for Oracle 10g, 11g, 12c on both Windows and UNIX platforms using Oracle OFA. Also Installed, Administered and Maintained SQL Server Instances 2008 and 2012  • Championed database migration from 10g to 11g and database upgrade from 11g to 12c using the Oracle Data pump and DBUA respectively.  • Rewrote and implemented a backup strategy following company SLA; execution of backup schedule for both physical and logical backups using RMAN and DATAPUMP utilities respectively. I also used block change tracking (BCT) which reduced backup time from 8hrs down to 45mins.  • Installed and administered GOLDEN GATE in a unidirectional, bidirectional, and broadcast configuration to mainly replicate data and ensure high availability, in a heterogeneous environment, also worked with EXADATA Machines for high performance and availability.  • Supported daily administration, monitoring, tuning, and troubleshooting on single instance on UNIX/Linux, Windows server 2008 and 2012 ( Database sizes range 100GB to 21TB)  • Monitored AWR, ADDM, ASH, Alert log, dynamic performance views, DBMS_STATS, Trace Files, System Event Logs for unusual events and took appropriate action according to company policies of incident reports.  • Implement table and index partitioning so as to Minimize DB time, increase disk load balancing, improve query speed and enable faster parallel query.  • Capacity planning to meet the demands of the dynamic aspects of storage and memory for the databases  • Deployed Database security policy and installation, using passwords, privileges and user profiles, Used Oracle Transparent Data Encryption to encrypt columns, tables and Tablespaces, I also implemented the "triple A" (AAA) and database auditing policies as well as data redaction  • Cloned databases using RMAN and DATAPUMP utilities for all database sizes  • Installed and administered Oracle Physical Standby Database for single and multiple instances to achieve high availability and DR solution (DATA GUARD)  • Performed database Refreshes from production environments  • Performed PL/SQL errors fixes and modified the applications using PL/SQL  • Maintaining highly reliable 24x7x365 Linux production servers for AWS EC2 instances.  • Part of the on-call production support team for 24/7 on-call production support.  • Administered a Mongo DB to create, update, delete and read documents, in a limited role.    Environment: Oracle 11g and 12c, SQL, PL/SQL, LINUX, AWS, Mongo DB, AWR, PL/SQL, UNIX Shell Scripting, MS Windows Servers Linux Administrator GoDaddy - Scottsdale, AZ December 2011 to April 2013 Responsibilities:  • Installation and Administration of Red Hat Enterprise Linux 3 and 4 using Kick start including monitoring, scaling and capacity planning and hardware maintenance of Sun fire servers.  • Installation and Configuration of Red Hat Satellite on Dell power edge 2650.  • Installation and configuration of CYGWIN on Windows in order to access UNIX system from Windows Operating Systems.  • Perform regular update to the latest patches for SUN Solaris and Linux machines.  • User and group administration for all the UNIX servers (IBM AIX, HP-UX, RHL) available in the lab.  • Configuration of Naming Services like DNS, DHCP, NIS, LDAP Novell directory. Implementing Master and Slave servers for NIS, DNS.  • Expert in Installing, configuring and maintaining apache/tomcat, samba.  • Co-ordinate with web admin team in installation of BEA Web Logic Server 8.1.  • Creating, Mounting and Troubleshooting NFS File systems on different OS platforms.  • Troubleshooting and fixing day-to-day problems related to the servers.  • Building Sun Solaris Servers from scratch with Jumpstart and Flash Archives for upcoming projects.  • Hands on Migration Red Hat Enterprise Linux 4.0 to RHEL 5.0.  • Responsible for Oracle database security and patching, Oracle database capacity analysis and planning.  • Providing 24 x 7 supports to various application level server level & network level Monitoring & troubleshooting of any data center outages.  • Hands on VMware for installing Linux and SUSE Linux and windows on virtual machines.  • Managing disk storage with VERITAS Volume Manager 3.5/4.1 and Solaris Volume Manager with VERITAS File System (VxFS).  • Network trouble shooting using ndd, Traceroute, net stat, ifconfig and snoop.    Environment: Solaris 8, 9,10, Red hat 5.3,5.5, HP-UX 11i, Windows Server 2000 and 2003, Sun Enterprise 10000, 15000, Apache Web Server 1.3.x, 2.x Oracle 8i,9i2, Perl, KSH, Sun v480, v880, E220, IBM p630, p550, power 4 Dell POWEREDGE 700,2650,6650, Red hat Enterprise Linux 3.x, 4.x System Engineer Lovelace Health System - Albuquerque, NM September 2009 to November 2011 Responsibilities:  • Configured Enterprise UNIX/LINUX systems with SAN/NAS infrastructure across multiple sites on mission business critical systems  • Setup, Implementation, Configuration, of Backup/Restore solutions for Disaster/Business Recovery of clients on Linux platform.  • Installing/Upgrading RPM's and building packages from source code.  • Experienced in creating iptables custom rules to block the ports which are not essential.  • Worked with IP Tables for networking purposes and control number of Disks in clusters.  • Performed quarterly patching of Linux servers on regular schedule.  • Experience with configuration and managing VMware Virtual Infrastructure ESXi Hosts, vCenter Servers, HA, DRS, vMotion, Storage DRS, Storage vMotion.  • RAID groups and setting up NFS, CIFS and iSCSI protocols in SAN/NAS environment for Red hat LINUX.  • Installing and managing different automation and monitoring tools on Red hat.  • Involving in day to day issues troubleshooting for Linux/Windows/SAN/NAS/Enterprise Backup solutions.  • Performance Monitoring infrastructure on Enterprise Linux Operating Systems.  • System and application security and forensics analysis for vulnerabilities and security measures  • Implementation of oracle RAC 10g on Redhat Linux 5.0 along with SAN storage on EVAs.  • Involved and set up migration for UNIX/Linux server and SAN storage between data centers and application migration and testing.    Environment: RHEL, Oracle, Veritas, SAN, korn shell scripts and creation of VMs for SUSE, Solaris x86 and Red hat Linux on VMWare ESX Education Bachelor of Science in Accounting in Accounting The College at Old Westbury, State University of New York - New York, NY Certifications/Licenses TS/SCI clearance
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\128.html#313:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;DATABASES (3 years);OEM (3 years);ORACLE (3 years);RMAN (3 years);SQL (2 years):::Job Seeker Talented with more than 2 years' experience as an Oracle Database Administrator with expertise in Grid Control, ASM, Oracle Data guard, RMAN, Export/Import, Data Pump and OEM. Has good exposure of experience using RAC. Candidate is a great team player with excellent abilities for unsupervised individual responsibilities. Has experience in SQL Tuning, Optimization, rule based optimization, cost based optimization and Hints. Possesses technical ability and initiative to learn and implement new technologies.    • Cloned databases and Refreshed pre-production/development databases with prod/pre-prod systems  • Exposure in working with RAC, WebLogic, CC&B and MDM  • Daily maintenance of databases  • Set up and managed Automated Storage Management (ASM) for 10g and 11g  databases.  • Monitoring of database and statistics  • Ensuring that users access is granted  • Configured oracle database for OLTP processing.  • Migrated and Upgraded 20+ databases to 10g and 11g databases  • Performed database patch sets and done critical patch updates  • Installed and configured Oracle RAC with ASM on 2 node systems.  • Validation of Database functionalities  • Participating and upgrading databases from 10g to 11g  • Configured and Upgraded to Oracle 11gR2 from 10g and from 11.2.0.2 to 11.2.0.3  • Experienced in GUARANTEE FLASHBACK RESTORE POINT  • Alert monitoring and Ticketing.  • Configuring database entries and monitoring all of the databases using Oracle  Enterprise Manager (OEM).  • knowledge of Oracle Architecture, SGA, PGA, Binary structure, Listener,  TNS Names, SQL Net, Logical and Physical databases  • Knowledge of Cloud - AWS  • Oracle Database capacity planning, space management, storage allocation and  different type of storage structure (SAN/NAS).  • Experienced in installing OEM agent and hooking up to the grid  • Extensively worked under UNIX environment to provide DBA support.  • Proactively monitored the database and database access, and maintained the  database security.  • Has Knowledge of Oracle golden gate Homogeneous/ Heterogeneous environments and implemented (uni) directional replication.  • Working concept of both Agile and SDLC methodology.  • Proven ability of providing production support for 24X7 on multiple databases  • Database Restore using RMAN, Cold Backup, Export and Flash Recovery.  • Data Refresh from Production to Test and Development environments using Data pump  • knowledge of Oracle Functions, Packages and Procedure Work Experience KCP&L - Kansas City, MO May 2017 to Present • Working on Oracle database in related areas to CC&B, MDM and OUA project eg, setting up environment to start implementing CC&B in addition to current MDM that is in operation  • Performing Export and Import using Oracle Data pump utilities to refresh pre-production, development and Sit etc. - upon short request for database as well as schema levels  • Consistently executing and deploying scripts from developers to required databases  • Working to ensure database related defects are fixed  • Database backup using Recovery RMAN and Export/ Import.  • Creation of database objects like Tables, Views, Users, etc.  • Knowledge in switching primary database to standby and standby to primary during regular maintenances of catalog databases and DR databases  • Knowledge in RAC administration, production support, configuration,  upgrades, patches, space management, database security, performance tuning,  troubleshooting database design, UNIX shell scripting and documentation.  • Creating roles and profiles as per system study and assign to users.  • Perform duties as ensuring that users access is granted to get into assign database environ.,  unlocking access when being locked, granting permission for read only or read and write for tables and views, Functions, Packages etc. to users  • Performed daily maintenance of databases and monitored database statistics  • Ensure GUARANTEE FLASHBACK RESTORE POINT is performed before working on schema, full database on special refresh using data pump  • Performed Day to Day Administration of Tablespace Management  • Upgrade the databases from Oracle 10g to Oracle 11g using DBUA and Manual  Upgrade methods using OFM.  • Extensively working in setting up Oracle physical standby database using Data guard  • Participate in database administration for monitoring and tuning of production  database.  • Maintained backup and recovery policies and procedures using RMAN. Monitoring, scheduling and rescheduling of backup jobs to ensure for daily backups using crontab.  • Having good exposure in user management, Table space Management, Session  Management, undo Management issues  • Generated AWR reports for performance analysis and tuning opportunities.  • Effectively using OEM for monitoring and performing maintenance to databases  SQL, PL/SQL Tuning and Monitoring. Oracle Database Administrator Dell - Plano, TX April 2016 to May 2017 Responsibilities:  Performed daily maintenance of databases and monitored database statistics;  • Validated database backups are taken to recover from any situation.  • Decommissioned standalone and RAC databases.  • Maintained database by applying CPU and PSU patches on 10g and 11g.  • Used RMAN duplicate database feature to move/clone databases on Linux, AIX and Solaris.  • Troubleshooted Database issues  • Provided on-call support.  • Configured listener for external procedure calls.  • Performing upgrades, patches for standalone and ASM databases  • Installation and configuration OEM for monitoring and performance tuning.  • Performed Import and Export using Oracle Data pump utilities  • Performed Day to Day Administration of Tablespace Management  • Diagnosed Oracle bugs and coordinating with Oracle support through metal ink to resolve them in timely manner.  • Experienced in managing space issues in the Database Level for table space and  Regular file system cleanup at UNIX level  • Extensively working in setting up Oracle physical standby database using Data guard  • Experienced in switching primary database to standby and standby to primary during regular maintenances of catalog databases and DR databases  • Served as part of a 7-member DBA team which was involved in the maintenance of various DBs  • Well experienced in taking Cold, Hot & Logical RMAN backup for very huge  Databases Oracle10g/11g database for the Production as well as the development environ.  • Trace the SQL that have poor performance and identify the ways of improving the performance by working the application team.  Refreshed multiple databases for Development and Testing upon short request.  • Migration of databases from 10g to 11g using export/import and data pump  export/import utilities and performing database refresh activities for business  requirement and tuning purposes  • Validation of Database functionalities with regards to ASM, Data Guard  • Knowledge in switching primary database to standby and standby to primary during regular maintenances of catalog databases and DR databases  • Able to work effectively with multiple teams at once.  • Supported different Oracle 11g and Oracle 12c Databases of Production, Testing, Dev,  Staging and Training. Oracle Database Administrator Wells Fargo - West Des Moines, IA April 2015 to April 2016 Responsibilities:  • Configured ASM Disk groups and migrated non-ASM databases to ASM.  • Troubleshooted Database issues  • Created and maintained both DDL and DML databases as required.  • Worked with team to set up RAC and I maintained a healthy RAC database.  • Configured Oracle Data Guard  • Performed daily maintenance of databases and monitored database statistics;  • Validated database backups are taken to recover from any situation.  • Decommissioned standalone and RAC databases.  • Participates on project teams as database administration support to ensure that databases are appropriately modified to supported new business applications and requirements  • Maintained database by applying CPU and PSU patches on 10g and 11g.  • Consistently conducted capacity planning. Storage Management and monitoring for the databases to ensure that disk space is adequate for new database creation and upgrades.  • Worked with the infrastructure team responsible for proof of concept for creating new database.  • Provide ON-Call 24*7 Production Database Support having 4-6 TB in size.  • Performing upgrades, patches for standalone and RAC databases etc., before GO LIVE on production support.  • Used RMAN duplicate database feature to move/clone databases on Linux, AIX and Solaris.  • Designed and construct physical standby for Disaster recovery site.  • Defined the standards, to maintain the health of the server. RAC to RAC physical standby configuration of data guard for Disaster recovery requirement.  • Ensured and maintained the security and integrity of databases  • Supported the databases and ensuring their performance, availability and security.  • Involved in managing very large database with 20TB in size on a 6 node RAC cluster ensuring the fail over, load balancing and scalability  • Worked with team to set up Golden Gate to help in propagating information between databases  • Attended compliance meetings, by coming up with test cases that ensures we are meeting with company's compliance policy, resolved compliance failures based on the company policy.  • Generated AWR reports for performance analysis and tuning opportunities.  • Experienced in installing OEM agent and hooking up to the grid  • Developed appropriate polices and plans relating to database backup, recovery, and disaster  • Provided on-call support.  • Configured listener for external procedure calls.  • Knowledge of the Oracle Golden Gate installation, configuration, troubleshooting GG  issues.  • Coordinated tasks with offshore DBAs  • Performed Day to Day Administration of Tablespace Management, Undo Management and Users. Skills DATABASES (3 years), OEM (3 years), ORACLE (3 years), RMAN (3 years), SQL (2 years) Additional Information Technical Skills:  Databases: Oracle 10g 11g, 12c, SQL Server 2000  Oracle Products: DATA PUMP, Oracle (Grid Control) ASM, OEM, RAC, RMAN, Golden gate  Programming Languages: PL/SQL, SQL, C, C++  Operating systems: Linux, Unix, AIX, Solaris, Windows  Other Tools: Putty, TOAD, SecureCRT
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1280.html#314:::Medical Leave of Absence;Self Employed;Financial Business Analyst / Database Administrator;Supply Chain Analyst / Database Administrator;Program Manger;Excel;database:::Medical Leave of Absence Medical Leave of Absence Nashville, TN Expert database administration, data analysis, and dashboard reporting experience  Lean Six Sigma Green Belt certification  MBA, University of Kentucky  Non-Profit Experience Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Medical Leave of Absence September 2016 to Present Used leave time to volunteer weekly with Second Harvest Food Bank and Youth Villages Self Employed Sweet Valley Data Consulting - Nashville, TN January 2016 to September 2016 • Tableau data analysis and reporting  • Microsoft SQL Server T-SQL programming  • Microsoft Access VBA / SQL programming  • Financial ERP system reporting (Intacct)  • Advanced Excel experience: VBA programming, Pivot Tables, VLOOKUP and other advanced formulas Financial Business Analyst / Database Administrator Qualifacts Systems - Nashville, TN March 2014 to January 2016 • Salesforce.com administrator  • Tableau data analysis and reporting  • Healthcare data analysis: analyzed $1.3 billion of healthcare claims data to develop marketing segmentation strategies  • Email list management: quarterly customer satisfaction survey email list (approx. 500 email addresses)  • Oracle PL/SQL querying and reporting experience  • Financial ERP reporting (Intacct)  • Finance reporting database  ? VBA and SQL programming to perform daily ETL from Intacct (financial database)  ? Developed Microsoft SQL Server 2014 database to serve as local data reporting warehouse  ? Used Tableau to build data visualization dashboards  • Administrator of sales, finance, and support databases: Salesforce, Intacct, and Soffront  • Lean process improvement of Customer Support department: $200,000 annual cost savings  • Advanced Excel experience: VBA programming, Pivot Tables, VLOOKUP and other advanced formulas Supply Chain Analyst / Database Administrator Nissan North America - Smyrna, TN January 2012 to March 2014 ? Inventory analysis:  ? Analyzed high-risk supplier production to prevent and predict production shutdowns  ? Traveled to high-risk suppliers to monitor hourly production to manage inventory levels  ? Developed Microsoft Access database with SQL / VBA to analyze supplier production capacity  ? Operations management:  ? Production scheduling of 30 workers over two shifts  ? Directly managed 5 employees  ? Analyzed raw materials inventory to manage reorders and demand forecasts  ? Monitored finished goods to set production targets  ? Managed transportation and logistics for daily round-trip deliveries between TN and AL  ? Production resulted in over $900m shutdown cost avoidance  ? Advanced Excel data analysis: graphs, line charts, Pareto analysis, Pivot Tables  ? SAP Business Objects reporting experience  ? AS/400 command line experience  ? Awards  ? Grand Champion Monozukuri, Nissan's highest manufacturing operations award  ? Certificate of Appreciation from Nissan Senior Vice President    Nissan: Logistics Purchasing Analyst  ? Developed Microsoft Access database with SQL / VBA to automate historical reporting and trending  ? Advanced Excel data analysis: graphs, line charts, Pareto analysis, Pivot Tables, large scale data analysis  ? Analysis of truckload lane bid data to choose lowest cost provider  ? Conducted RFQ for yard switching operations Program Manger United States Air Force - Dayton, OH August 2010 to March 2011 Worked with F-16 fighter jet and ISR reconnaissance Foreign Military Sales programs  ? Administrated contracts for FMS operations to reflect updates in production timeline  ? Created financial model to calculate manpower requirements and costs over project lifetime Education MBA in Business Administration University of Kentucky - Lexington, KY Bachelor of Science Middle Tennessee State University - Murfreesboro, TN Skills Excel, database Certifications/Licenses Lean Six Sigma Green Belt Present
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1281.html#315:::AWS Cloud Engineer;Jr. AWS Cloud Practitioner;Oracle Database Administrator:::AWS Cloud Engineer AWS Cloud Engineer AWS Cloud Engineer - KONAMI GAMING INC Waldorf, MD Work Experience AWS Cloud Engineer KONAMI GAMING INC - Las Vegas, NV October 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  In this project my role was is establish cloud environment to perform application processing.    Implemented automation for provision and deployment using AWS CloudFormation.    • Automated AWS deployments using AWS Code Pipeline and Code Deploy.    • Designed AWS Cloud Formation templates to create custom sized VPC, subnets, NAT to ensure successful  deployment of Web applications and database templates.    • Leveraged AWS cloud services such as EC2, auto-scaling and VPC to build secure, highly scalable and flexible  systems that handled expected and unexpected load bursts.    • Implemented Serverless architecture using AWS Lambda with Amazon S3 and Amazon DynamoDB. Also, migrated 300+ servers from on premise to AWS Cloud.    • Involved in planning, designing and configuring multi-region failover with AWS Route53.    • Supported 400+ AWS Cloud instance's and used AWS command line Interface to manage and configure  various AWS products.    • Developed cloud Formation scripts to build on demand EC2 instance formation.    • Utilized AWS CLI to automate backups of ephemeral data-stores to S3 buckets and EBS.    • Created nightly AMIs for mission critical production servers as backups.    • Migrated applications from internal data center to AWS.    • Encrypted data on server and client side.    • Maintained edge location to cache data with CDN using Cloud Front to deliver data with less latency.    • Scaled distributed in-memory cache environment in the cloud using Elastic cache.    • Co-ordinated the execution of multiple computing devices with Amazon SWF.  • Managed automated backups and created own backup snapshots when needed.    • Designed and implemented scalable, secure Cloud architecture based on Amazon Web Services. Leveraged  AWS cloud services such as EC2; auto-scaling; and VPC (Virtual Private Cloud) to build secure, highly scalable and flexible systems that handled expected and unexpected load bursts.    • Managing Amazon Web Services (AWS) infrastructure with Infrastructure as code (Terraform).    • Proficient in AWS services like VPC, EC2, S3, ELB, Auto scaling (ASG), EBS, RDS, IAM, Cloud Formation, Route  53, CloudWatch, CloudFront.    • Experienced in creating multiple VPC's and public, private subnets as per requirement and distributed them  as groups into various availability zones of the VPC.    • Used security groups, network ACL's, internet gateways and route tables to ensure a secure zone for organization in AWS public cloud.    • Created and configured elastic load balancers and auto scaling groups to distribute the traffic and to have a cost efficient, fault tolerant and highly available environment.    • Created S3 buckets in the AWS environment to store files, sometimes which are required to serve static  content for a web application.    • Configured S3 buckets with various life cycle policies to archive the infrequently accessed data to storage  classes based on requirement.    • Created and launched EC2 instances using AMI's of Linux, RHEL.    • Experience in Designing, Installing and Implementing Ansible configuration management system and in writing playbooks for Ansible and deploying application.  • Implemented Continuous Integration and deployment (CI/CD) pipeline using various CI Tools like Jenkins  and AWS Code Pipeline  AWS Cloud Engineer New York State Unified Court System - New York, NY August 2017 to September 2018 New York Area  Responsible for the maintenance and support of several New York State unified courts system environment.    • Responsible for architecting, designing, implementing and supporting of cloud-based infrastructure and its  solutions    • Configure and Implement VPCs, Subnets, EC2 instances, Security groups, NACL, EBS, Auto Scaling, S3, that  are highly available, fault tolerant and scalable in AWS.    • Experience with CloudFront, Glacier, Route53, SNS, RDS and SQS    • Troubleshoot and resolve EC2 instance connectivity and availability issues.    • Perform resource utilization in AWS by ensuring only needed resources are procured.    • Configure and Implement Secure Elastic Load Balancers (ELB) for high availability of web and application  servers.    • Installation, configuration and maintenance of Linux Servers such as HTTPD, APACHE2, etc    • Experience with Linux Commands and Cross-Platform Cloud Infrastructure including Linux/ Unix Systems  Administration and Security in AWS, LINUX, UNIX, Windows and VMware ESX environments.    • Knowledgeable in Virtualization (VMware, Hypervisor), Virtual Private Networking (VPN), Migration of Applications to AWS, Data Security, Backup & Recovery    • Configure and manage CloudWatch alarms to monitor resources in AWS for Disk, Memory, and CPU  utilization    • Perform user, group and application access and permissions in AWS using the Identity Access Manager  (IAM).    • Configure, manage, and maintain system performance Create, update and maintain Amazon Machine Image  (AMI) templates    • Perform application and system log management and archiving to Amazon S3 bucket. • Evaluating system- based configuration and security vulnerability to ensure compliance with the organization's standards    • Actively monitoring, researching and analyzing ways in which the services in AWS can be improved.    Used Ansible for Configuration Management system that can assist in configuring large numbers of servers from a single machine. Jr. AWS Cloud Practitioner CARDINAL HEALTH - Dublin, OH January 2015 to July 2017 Working as a Cloud Engineer for multiple development teams, system analysis team to establish a build  schedule, provide a guideline for deployment in higher environments and with troubleshooting build  system failures.  • Creating and maintaining Infrastructure for Applications in AWS using Terraform. Building & Automating  CICD pipelines for different applications.    • Understanding requirement from the architects and proposing designs as per requirements.    • Managing Amazon Web Services (AWS) infrastructure with automation and orchestration tools such as Chef, puppet and terraform.    • Proficient in AWS services like VPC, EC2, S3, ELB, Auto Scaling (ASG), EBS, RDS, IAM, CloudFormation, Route  53, CloudWatch, CloudFront, CloudTrail.    • Experienced in creating multiple VPC's and public, private subnets as per requirement and distributed them  as groups into various availability zones of the VPC.    • Manage IAM roles and console access for EC2, RDS and ELB services.    • Used IAM for creating roles, users, groups and implemented MFA to provide additional security to AWS  account and its resources.    • Created snapshots to take backups of the volumes and images to store launch configurations of the EC2  instances.    • Installed Workstation, Bootstrapped Nodes, wrote Recipes, and Cookbooks and uploaded them to Chef- server and managed AWS for EC2/S3 & ELB with Chef Cookbooks.    • Monitor and create alarms for CPU, memory, disk space, using Cloud Watch.    • Manage Route 53 DNS hosted zones configuring aliases for Elastic Load Balancer applications.    • Managed multiple AWS instances across multiple environment using Terraform scripts  National Wide Insurance Oracle Database Administrator Virginia Beach - Beach, Virginia, US July 2013 to December 2014 Environment: RHEL 3.X, 4.X; Windows NT 2000/2003; Oracle 10g; VMware.    Responsibilities:  • Monitor database systems and provide technical support for database system issues and application  performance enhancement/improvement using both Oracle 10g Grid Control & SQL*Plus, as well as UNIX  shell scripts.    • Involvement in all phases of the project life cycle.    • Designed database tables as per technical specifications.    • Translated business requirements into creation and alteration of database objects: tables, indexes, constraints, triggers and stored procedures.    • Implemented automated backup strategy using the UNIX shell script CRON UTILITY.    • Worked closely with Application Developers to design/create new Oracle databases/create new  schemas/ database objects, as well as making database changes from DEV to PROD, via TST following  requests/demands from the development team.    • Backup/Recovery of Oracle 9i/10g databases using Oracle RMAN.    • Performed day to day activities such as, daily error checks and database health monitoring of physical  resources (disk space, memory, CPU, etc.).    • Performance parameters adjusted as needed.    • Produced backup report to ensure the backups were all successful and troubleshoot if the backup was not  successful to find out the root cause.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1282.html#316:::Database Administrator/Developer;Software Engineer/Support Escalation;Cashier;MYSQL;REPLICATION;SQL;SQLITE;SYBASE;C#;C/C++;C++;Git;PERL;PHP;PYTHON;SCRIPTING;SVN;LINUX;UNIX;GNU;LUA;JIRA;VMWARE;DBA;Postgresql:::Database Administrator/Developer <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span>/Developer DevOps Developer for the Database Administration team Wilmington, DE Work Experience Database Administrator/Developer BlackRock Inc - Wilmington, DE December 2014 to July 2019 DevOps Developer for the Database Administration team  Developer of internally-used database health, consistency, monitoring, and automation tools  Developed, implemented, and maintained automation to create new client dataservers in batch, with greater consistency and without requiring institutional knowledge  Developed three full-stack WebUI applications to help with managing dataservers in bulk.  Author of a new API and taxonomy system for tagging and identifying tagged servers. Software Engineer/Support Escalation SevOne Inc - Wilmington, DE June 2014 to August 2014 Member of the NetFlow monitor development team  Sole creator of an internally-used automated performance testing tool using LXC to test multiple branches of our Operating System distribution on the same piece of hardware  Major volunteer to the Support Escalation team following a regression-heavy update Cashier Bachetti Brothers - Wilmington, DE July 2010 to August 2014 Four years experience in sales in a customer-focused environment  Main technical adviser to owner, performed basic IT services  Assisted in setup, installation, and maintenance of new SQL-based cash register systems Education Bachelor's in Computer Science University of Delaware February 2013 to December 2015 Associate University of Delaware September 2011 to February 2013 High school or equivalent Charter School of Wilmington May 2011 Skills MYSQL, REPLICATION, SQL, SQLITE, SYBASE, C#, C/C++, C++, Git, PERL, PHP, PYTHON, SCRIPTING, SVN, LINUX, UNIX, GNU, LUA, JIRA, VMWARE, DBA, Postgresql Links https://github.com/kevok93 Awards Excellence in Computer Science 2011-05 Assessments Technical Support — Highly Proficient July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/5smzkekswss7ewha Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Groups First Robotics Mentor September 2011 to Present Helped students develop code via one-on-one training, questions, debugging, and code review  Co-owner and primary administrator of the team GIT repository ? https://github.com/MOERobotics Additional Information Skills and Abilities  Programming Languages  C/C++, Java/C#, Perl/PHP/Python/LUA/Kotlin/SH Scripting, SQL  Technologies  Mysql/MariaDB/Sybase ASE (all with replication), SQLITE  Unix + GNU Toolkit  Virtual Machines, VMWare, LinuX Containers, Openstack  Git/SVN/CVS, Jira/Fisheye/Crucible stack
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1283.html#317:::Database Administrator;Database Administrator (Internship);Branch Sales Associate:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Broken Arrow, OK I have several years of IT experience which I believe will prove beneficial even though I am not seeking an IT position. Before my career in IT I acquired exceptional skills in customer service, large-scale cash handling, and other general office tasks through jobs in the financial industry. I took several years away from work to raise two children. Now that my children are older, I am eager to find a fulfilling employment opportunity with a good company where I will enjoy being a long term team member.  In previous positions I have always excelled based on eagerness to contribute and exceptional people skills. Work Experience Database Administrator HireRight - Tulsa, OK June 2008 to December 2011 • Worked extensively with large scale enterprise solutions including VLDB - very large database environments.  • Demonstrated skill in performance tuning and optimization in environments utilizing Clustering, SAN, VMWare and various data replication techniques.  • Supported a complex strategy to automatically refresh stage environments using custom log shipping and SAN snapshots from several replicated production servers.  • Implemented various strategies for high availability, fault tolerance and disaster recovery utilizing MS server clustering, hot and warm standby servers and diverse backup strategies for environments ranging from simple to extremely complex.  • Supported various types of data models, ETL strategies and the design of Analysis Services cube solutions.  • Managed servers across multiple NOC's and DR sites.  • Managed releases according to multiple SOP and change management processes.  • Responsibilities covered almost 100 SQL Servers and over 1000 databases Database Administrator (Internship) TV Guide - Tulsa, OK February 2008 to June 2008 • Installed and configured SQL Server 2000 and 2005.  • Performed standard SQL Server configuration activities - transfer logins, restore databases from other environments, setup Full Text Search, setup nightly maintenance, linked servers, jobs, permissions, notifications etc.  • Worked extensively on the rollout of 2005 for core Online server complex in a 7X24 environment with no downtime.  • Built redundant server solutions using database mirroring, custom log walking and NLB Clustering.  • Worked with scaling solutions for extreme performance utilizing HLB and NLB clustering, high performance SAN disk subsystems, Federated Database architecture and various data replication techniques.  • Worked extensively on several ETL solutions for loading Online data.  • Troubleshoot and fix problems with backend production processes.  • Built disaster recovery documents for several servers.  • Built load and performance baselines to identify trends and analyze and document SQL Server performance bottlenecks.  • Worked heavily with Analysis Services solutions. Branch Sales Associate International Bank of Commerce - Tulsa, OK October 2005 to February 2008 • Attained high goals in sales of new accounts both in deposit accounts and outside investments, building strong customer relationships as well as expanding existing customer relationships, maintain and revise customer accounts, consistently sell new products to existing accounts.  • Supervised all vault activity, manage cash shipments to and from the vault on a weekly basis, balance vault daily, oversee teller transactions to and from the vault.  • Oversee all teller activity, audit cash drawers, order all items and accessories needed for the branch, must possess full knowledge of teller procedures and guidelines. Education MCDBA Tulsa Community College
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1284.html#318:::Office Manager, Indiana;Breastfeeding Peer Counselor, Indiana;Visitation Supervisor, Indiana;Eligibility Administrator, Indiana;Database Administrator;Quickbooks;Excel;Powerpoint;Microsoft word;Word;Scheduling;Billing;Accounts Payable;Receptionist:::Office Manager, Indiana Office Manager, Indiana Office Manager, Indiana - JEC Steel Company Bristol, IN Work Experience Office Manager, Indiana JEC Steel Company April 2018 to Present • Responsible for basic invoicing, Accounts Receivable/Payable via Quickbooks  • Maintains Keep Trucking account, mileage, and fuel tax for Indiana Department of Revenue  • Responsible for scanning, filing, and updating all Vendor and Customer invoices, files, etc.  • Works independently from home as well as set time in an office setting Breastfeeding Peer Counselor, Indiana Elkhart County Health Department October 2010 to June 2013 • Instructed various breastfeeding classes on a weekly basis  • Worked hands-on with mothers, evaluating and problem-solving feeding issues  • Traveled to attend various trainings, conferences and meetings for requirements of the position  • Responsible for written documentation of time spent or communication with clients  • Worked directly with dieticians, supervisors and other staff to treat and care for clients as a whole Visitation Supervisor, Indiana Families First Center May 2006 to August 2008 • Supervised interactions between foster children and their parents at our facility  • Encouraged parents as necessary with proper parenting skills and techniques  • Responsible for writing reports of the visitation according to the supervision level set by the case manager  • Worked directly with case managers in discussing actions of the parents while visiting; suggesting drug screens and suspension of visits if necessary; recognizing the signs of abuse or neglect and reporting them Eligibility Administrator, Indiana Community Action of Northeast Indiana - Northeast, Indiana, US August 2005 to May 2006 • Regularly supervised satellite offices  • Assessed eligibility of parents and caregivers to receive Indiana Childcare Voucher Program benefits, processed paperwork for benefits, renewed or terminated cases as necessary  • Worked with case managers when necessary to communicate and manage referrals  • Managed renewal and termination notifications Database Administrator YWCA of Metropolitan Chicago - Chicago, IL December 2003 to January 2006 • Assisted organization with annual Leader Luncheon Event  • Worked from home as needed  • Maintained fundraising/development information  • Provided support in the transition of database systems  • Corrected and updated all donor information Education Bachelor of Arts in Sociology in Spanish Indiana University South Bend - South Bend, IN March 2005 Skills Quickbooks, Excel, Powerpoint, Microsoft word, Word, Scheduling, Billing, Accounts Payable, Receptionist Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information Conversant in Spanish  Bachelor of Arts in Sociology degree recipient in May 2005    Computer Skills: Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint, Quickbooks experience
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1285.html#319:::Splunk Engineer;Splunk Admin;SQL server Developer;SQL Database Administrator;System Administrator;DB2;MS ACCESS;SQL SERVER;SQL SERVER 2000;MYSQL;OLTP;ORACLE;ORACLE FORMS;PL/SQL;SQL;SYBASE;JMS;NOSQL;OLAP;SPLUNK;STAR SCHEMA;ACTIVE DIRECTORY;C++;HTML;PERL:::Splunk Engineer Splunk Engineer Splunk Engineer - EMC Corp Charlotte, NC • Overall 8+ years of IT experience and as Splunk Engineer, SQL Server Developer and System Administrator on varied projects which involves Design and Development of client/server. In platform consisting of Red Hat Linux, Windows, and Sun Solaris operating systems.  • Experience in installing and using Splunk apps for UNIX and Linux (Splunk. Nix).  • Experience in Splunk development creating Apps, Dashboards, Data Models, etc.  • Monitor the splunk infrastructure for capacity planning, system health, availability and optimization.  • Used techniques to optimize searches for better performance, Search time vs Index time field extraction and understanding of configuration files, precedence and working props.conf, transforms.conf, inputs.conf, outputs.conf setting up a forwarder Monitor stanza in inputs.conf.  • Prepared, arranged and tested Splunk search strings and operational strings.  • Expert in install, configure and administer splunk Enterprise Server and splunk Universal Forwarder, splunk Heavy Forwarder in large distributed environment comprising Windows, Red hat, Solaris, AIX with exposure various splunk Apps to monitor splunk deployments  • Responsible for simulating network operations with usage of monitoring tools like Netcool &Wireshark thereby resolving tickets as per the issue.  • Experience working with server monitoring tools like BMC Patrol, Nagios  • Experience with Splunk Searching and Reporting modules, Knowledge Objects, Administration, Dashboards, Clustering and Forwarder Management.  • Created and Managed Splunk DB connect Identities, Database Connections, Database Inputs, Outputs, lookups, access controls.  • Extensive experience in Installation, Configuration, and Migration, Trouble-Shooting and Maintenance of Splunk, Apache Web Server on different UNIX flavors like Linux.  • Normalization of fields and defining the event types used CIM (Common Information Model).  • Created Reports, Alerts and Dashboards by Splunk query language. Experienced in creating and running Cron Jobs for scheduled tasks.  • Managed Indexer Clusters including security, hot and cold bucket management and retention policies.  • Parsing, Indexing, Searching concepts Hot, Warm, Cold, Frozen bucketing.  • Knowledge about Splunk architecture and various components (Indexer, forwarder, search head, deployment server).  • Designed and developed intranet web applications using JavaScript and CSS.  • Set indexing property configurations, including time zone offset, custom source type rules. Configure Regex transformations to perform on data inputs.  • Helping application teams in on-boarding Splunk and creating Dashboard, Alert, and Reports etc. Experience on use and understand of complex Reg Ex (regular expressions).  • Scripting and development skills using Perl and Python with strong knowledge of regular expressions.  • Field Extraction, Using IFX, Rex Command and RegEx in configuration files.  • Knowledge of Extract keyword, Sed, Knowledge objects, Knowledge of various search commands like stats, chart, time chart, transaction, strptime, strftime, eval, where,xyseries, table etc.  • Experience on working with CIM in which it facilitates normalization of data from different sources, and enables applications developed by Splunk to search and display Deep Discovery logs.  • Time chart attributes such as Span, Bins, Tag, Event types, Creating Dashboards, Reports using XML. Create Dashboard from search, Scheduled searches of Inline search vs scheduled search in a Dashboard.  • Various types of charts alert settings Knowledge of App creation, user and role access permissions.  • Creating and Managing Apps, Create user, role and Permissions to Knowledge objects.  • Troubleshooting hardware, software and configuration problems for various protocols and topologies.  • Strong experience in System Administration, Installation, Upgrading, Patches, Migration.  • More than 3 years of experience as SQL Developer in Analysis, Database Design and Presentation using SQL Server.  • Expertise in SQL statements to extract data from data tables and verify the output data of the reports along with creation of tables, Sub queries, Joins, Views, Indexes, SQL Functions, Set Operators and other Functionalities.  • Strong in Data warehousing methodologies of Star /Snow Flake schemas.  • Proficient in using Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS) Graphical User Interface (GUI) to design SQL Server Integration services (SSIS) packages for Data Management applications.  • Experienced in Data Extraction, Transforming and Loading (ETL) between Homogenous and Heterogeneous Systems using SQL Server tools like SSIS, DTS, Bulk Insert, BCP and XML.  • Proficient in creating Indexes, Views, Table Variables, Complex Stored Procedures, User and System defined functions, triggers, packages using SQL, PL/SL.  • Experience in creating Drill through and Drill down reports using Crystal Reports and SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).  • Configured and maintained Report Manager and Report Server for SSRS.  • Experienced in Various BI Tools like TIBCO Jasper soft, Tableau for designing customized interactive and advanced rich visualization dashboards using different connectors, extensions, marks, Action, filters, parameter, calculations and Relationships.  • About 6 months of experience as System Administrator.  • Planning intra forest migration to consolidate multiple child domains. Provide procedures, documents, customize accounts migration with pre/post task to minimize user's impact after migration.  • Configured and maintained all primary and back-up servers to include domain controllers (DC) within an Active Directory (AD) forest.  • Configured and maintained Group Policy Objects (GPO) on all domains. Provided 1st level support for Active Directory end users, applications and administration teams.  • Built Test Forest and three Domains to implement testing plans & guidelines for applications against AD.  • Team player with excellent communication, presentation and interpersonal skills.  • Highly motivated team player with zeal to learn new technologies. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Splunk Engineer EMC Corp - Charlotte, NC January 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  • Design, support and maintain large Splunk environment in a highly available, redundant, dispersed environment  • Requirement gathering and analysis. Interacted with team members and users during the design and development of the applications and Splunk Objects.  • Installed Splunk on nix & Splunk SOS and maintained Splunk instance for monitoring the health of the clusters  • Created user roles in LDAP and integrated Splunk with active directory, LDAP authentication and also set up of certificate authentication (SSL).  • Optimized Splunk for peak performance by splitting Splunk indexing and search activities across different machines.  • By using AWS collect detailed billing data and in depth analysis of Amazon Web server.  • Worked on Amazon AWS, configuring, launching Linux and windows server instances for splunk deployment.  • Supporting and monitoring splunk cluster infra structure in AWS cloud environment.  • Created a test environment of splunk clustered environment in AWS EC2 instances and S3 storage.  • Monitored and tracked Splunk performance problems, administrations and open tickets with Splunk.  • Developed customized Shell scripts in order to install, manage, configure multiple instances of splunk forwarders, indexers, search heads, deployment servers.  • Monitor the splunk Infrastructure (Identify bad searches, dashboards and overall health of splunk) and collaborate with respective teams to improve performance.  • Created and customized Splunk applications, searches and dashboards as desired by IT teams and business.  • Monitored Database Connection Health by using Splunk DB Connect v 2.0, health dashboards, JBoss, Apache Tomcat.  • Developed Application Health Monitoring scripts using Shell and Perl for Tomcat Clustered & Non-Clustered environments.  • Experience with customizing the dashboards such as CSS stylesheets and Java script files by using simple XML extensions.  • Expert in Splunk processing language (SPL) to design/develop and visualize log data.  • Configured and maintained hot, warm, and cold buckets depending upon the data retention requirements.  • Hands on development experience in customizing Splunk dashboards, visualizations, configurations, reports and search capabilities using customized Splunk queries.  • Configured Clusters, Server groups and Cloning for improved availability and failover capacity.  • Excellent skills on troubleshooting and problem determination of HTTP/System/ Network related problems including monitoring, capacity planning and maintenance by providing 24X7 support on call for all mission critical applications.  • Responsible for documenting the current architectural configurations and detailed data flow and troubleshooting guides for application support.  • Knowledge about Splunk architecture and various components (indexer, forwarder, search head, deployment server), Heavy and Universal forwarder, License model.  • Provide regular support guidance to Splunk project teams on complex solution and issue resolution.  • Splunk administering in environments like UNIX, Window Servers and Red Hat Linux Enterprise Servers.  • Strong experience in System Administration, Installation, Upgrading, Patches, Migration.    Environment: SPLUNK 6.5,6.3,DB connect, Hunk, Apache 2.x, PERL ,Tomcat 6.0/5.x , Oracle 9i/10g,Linux, Windows, Python, Bash, UNIX,HDFS. Splunk Admin Kaiser Permanente - Silver Spring, MD September 2016 to January 2017 Responsibilities:  • Expertise with Splunk UI/GUI development and operations roles.  • Installation of Splunk Enterprise, Splunk forwarders, Splunk Indexer, Apps in multiple servers (Windows, Linux & Unix) with automation.  • Experience with deployment server to manage forwarder deployment  • Administrated to ensure the active and accurate running of splunk and monitoring on the current infrastructure implementation.  • Install and maintain the Splunk adds-on including the DB Connect, Active Directory LDAP for work with directory and SQL database.  • Played a major role in understanding the logs, server data and brought insight of the data for the users.  • Provided architecture validation testing, troubleshooting on issues such as Out of Memory, 100% CPU Usage hung Thread sessions, session replication, JVM Crashes.  • Created Dashboards to web application to show user flow for End to End Architecture and also to detect the Workflow for particular user session.  • Established indexes and retention policy of buckets; developed user roles to complement operational and Security utilization.  • Implemented Google map identifiers in Splunk dashboards using geo lookup commands.  • Implemented prediction in application events using Splunk Algorithms.  • Good knowledge in building Splunk Apps for custom application requirement.  • Installed and configured Splunk Hadoop Connect and Data Base connect Application..  • Used Datameer to analyze the transaction data for the client.  • Installed, configured and managed Datameer users on the Hadoop cluster.  • Created Splunk Dashboards to capture the Authentication breaches across application and to track the Application usage in peak times.  • Created HTML dashboards with java scripts and CSS to create customized visualizations.  • Installed and configured DB Connect plug in to get the data from Oracle, MySQL and MSSQL.  • Worked on repository to create and manage user profiles  • Created EVAL Functions where necessary to create new field during search run time.  • Configured Splunk Searching and Reporting modules, Knowledge Objects, Administration, Regex, Dashboards, Clustering and Forwarder Management.  • Provided technical services to projects, user requests and data queries.  • Responsible for Scheduling and Automating Database tasks - Jobs, Alerts, Emails, Notification.  • Involved in writing complex IFX, rex and Multikv commands to extract the fields from the log files.  • Worked on the Windows Servers and RHEL Linux OS deployments. Worked on VM creation, templates, clones and snapshots.  • Monitor and track Splunk performance problems and open tickets (Used Jira) with Splunk if there is need.  • Involved in installing and using Splunk app for windows.    Environment: Splunk 6.1, 5.0, Windows, Bash. Hadoop, Datameer, power shell, DB connect, Linux, UNIX. SQL server Developer Target - Minneapolis, MN June 2015 to September 2016 Responsibilities:  • Gathered business requirements, definition and design of the data sourcing and data flows, data quality analysis, working in conjunction with the data warehouse architect on the development of logical data models.  • Develop reporting standards and protocols within the Claim payment department.  • Involved in complete life cycle of SSRS (Authoring, Managing and Delivery reports)  • SQL, PL/SQL and T-SQL to create stored procedures create and alter tables and databases.  • Worked as a developer in creating complex T-SQL, Stored Procedures, triggers, cursors, tables, and views and other SQL joins and statements for applications.  • Created Cross-Tab, Drill-down, Drill-through and Sub-Report using RDL. Promoted RDLs to Reporting Service Server. Wrote the queries for the drill down reports.  • Complex SSIS package for data transfer from three different sources to a single destination like SQL Server 2008 was designed.  • Extensively used the advanced features of PL/SQL like Records, Tables, Dynamic and SQL Objects types.  • Designed and implemented complex SSIS package to migrate data from multiple data sources for data analyzing, deploying and dynamic configuring of SSIS packages.  • Designed ETL architecture for overall data transfer from the OLTP to OLAP with the help of SSIS.  • Developed complex data Mappings to extract Provider data from XML Files and SQL Server and load to SQL server target data warehouse.  • Run hourly and daily queue reports to ensure claims do not exceed turnaround times.  • Create VB based form ETL interface as a tool for date range input and filter data extraction from Oracle data warehouse into data mart.  • Defined parameters for parameterized Reports using SSRS.  • Designed, Developed and Deployed reports in MS SQL environment using SSRS 2008.  • Consult with cross-departmental staff in defining claim payment reporting need.  • Expertise in developing T-SQL (DDL, DML) statements, Data Integrity (constraints), Performance Tuning, and Query Optimization.    Environment: Microsoft SQL Server 2012,MSSQL Server Reporting Services 2012, MSSQL Server Integration Services 2012,Bash,DTS, SQL Profiler, MS Office. SQL Database Administrator Globalsign.in - Hyderabad, Telangana June 2013 to June 2015 Responsibilities:  • Creating and managing of databases, Performance monitoring, troubleshooting, enhancing high availability and disaster recovery solutions.  • Tested and configured automated routine maintenance tasks like performance tuning, indexes and stores procedures, checked deadlocks and created scheduled jobs.  • Created and managed schema objects such as tables, views, stored procedures, and triggers and maintained Referential Integrity.  • Created new database objects like Procedures, Functions, Packages, Triggers, Indexes and Views using T-SQL in Development and Production environment for SQL Server.  • Developed Database Triggers to enforce Data integrity and additional Referential Integrity.  • Developed SQL Queries to fetch complex data from different tables in remote databases using joins, database links and formatted the results into reports and kept logs.  • Used SQL Profiler and Query Analyzer to optimize DTS package queries and stored procedures  • Involved in performance tuning and monitoring of T-SQL.  • Involved in data migration and data integration.  • Prepared test reports and bug logs for the testing done and reporting the status to Sr. Management.  • Served as developer for the solutions designed by other team members.    Environment: SQL server 2005, Oracle 9i Server, SQL Plus, PL/SQL, Query Analyzer, SQL Profiler, DTS, Import/Export tools, SQL Server Agent, SQL Server Enterprise Manager, SQL Jobs, VB Script, ODBC, Database Engine Tuning Advisor, Windows 2005 Server. System Administrator Bengaluru, Karnataka August 2011 to February 2013 Responsibilities:  • System Administrator in Windows with experience in managing information technology specializing in systems Administration including Windows Active Directory, End-user Services, and Server Operations.  • AD Team Change Coordinator - create, review and plan changes affecting AD Externally and internally using ITSM Service Now.  • Review technical aspects of changes ensuring they meet Policy requirements and avoid scheduling,  • Conflicts. Provide 1st level support for Active Directory end users, applications and administration  • Built Test Forest and three Domains to implement testing plans and guidelines for applications to test against AD.  • Verified daily back-ups of servers.  • Help Desk-assisted clients with computer problems (hardware and software issues), installation of hardware and software, updates, etc.  • Setup of new clients in network and management of client accounts using Active Directory.  • Installation of new computers and building of computer for machines.  • Microsoft Windows XP and 7 installations and troubleshooting.    Environment: Active Directory, Domain Controller, DNS, TCP, DHCP, Windows 2008/2008R2. Education Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University May 2009 Skills DB2, MS ACCESS, SQL SERVER, SQL SERVER 2000, MYSQL, OLTP, ORACLE, ORACLE FORMS, PL/SQL, SQL, SYBASE, JMS, NOSQL, OLAP, SPLUNK, STAR SCHEMA, ACTIVE DIRECTORY, C++, HTML, PERL
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1286.html#320:::SQL Database Administrator II;SQL Database Administrator II;SQL Database Administrator II;SQL Database Administrator;Network and Application Specialist;Information Security Technician;DBA;Sql Dba;Sql Database:::SQL Database Administrator II SQL <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> II SQL Database Administrator Tamarac, FL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience SQL Database Administrator II Omnicomm Systems - Fort Lauderdale, FL June 2018 to Present • Responsible for maintaining, optimizing and providing 24/7 support of the database management systems for OmniComm’s core product offerings based on Microsoft database technologies.   • Provide DBA support for the Microsoft SQL Server infrastructure which includes programming, installation, monitoring, tuning and troubleshooting issues for a commercially hosted 3-tier application in a high availability environment.   • Support in optimizing database performance and manage all database upgrades or migrations and interface with the software development team to provide database design work and support.  • Maintaining multiple Microsoft SQL Server Cluster environments, configuring raw disks, installing Microsoft software, perform ance tuning in a high availability SAN environment, setting up new databases, adding disk space to existing databases and re-building fragmented indexes.  • Install, configure, upgrade software and apply updates to maintain client environments, develop, set up and manage automated backups and database jobs, performance tuning and database optimization, expert problem diagnosis, recommend design alternatives on new and existing relational database models, developing SQL and PL/SQL scripts, setup centralized proactive monitoring, execute scrip ts, patches, backup reports, status reports and performance monitoring, capacity planning and ability to work during non -business hours including weekends and holidays, as needed. SQL Database Administrator II Hard Rock International - Hollywood, FL January 2018 to June 2018 SQL Database Administrator II ABARCA HEALTH - San Juan, PR March 2014 to December 2017 Experienced SQL Server DBA II SQL Database Administrator INTERACTIVE SYSTEMS, INC - San Juan March 2012 to February 2014 • Synchronize data between Development, QA and Production Environments following SOX Change Management methodologies  • Database design, development, maintenance, troubleshooting and capacity monitoring  • Write and troubleshoot SQL Code (stored procedures, functions, tables, views, triggers, indexes, constraints)  • Develop, deploy and automate custom Integration Service packages and SSRS reports.  • Data presentation and publishing with Hyperion Performance Suite  • T-SQL performance tuning and optimization  • Coordinate, plan and execute database backups and restores and their file distribution  • Communicate regularly with technical and operational staff to ensure database integrity and security while working closely with IT project managers and database programmers  • Scripting and querying on a regular basis for daily troubleshooting tasks  • Responsible for massive Integration Systems migration from Microsoft SQL Server 2005 to 2008 R2  • QNXT 4.62 to QNXT 5 migration, SQL and Data Warehouse modifications required for the new system  • Development and migration of ETLs using Informatica 9.1.0 PowerCenter Client    DBA skills and applications include:    • MS SQL Server Database Administration (2003 - 2014) • SSRS & SSIS Network and Application Specialist INTERACTIVE SYSTEMS, INC - San Juan June 2011 to March 2012 • Administer Domain Name Server, Microsoft Exchange Server 2003, Microsoft Servers 2003 - 2008 R2  • Provide daily maintenance, updating and patching to applications and servers' operating systems  • Application and network monitoring and troubleshooting  • Responsible for research, acquisition and configuration of new network and server hardware  • Data security, backup and recovery  • Install, configure and manage applications  • Network and Application Specialist skills and applications include: Information Security Technician INTERACTIVE SYSTEMS, INC - San Juan October 2009 to June 2011 • Network security administration, checking network integrity and defining its rules and settings  • Installation, configuration and administration of CheckPoint (Firewall), Prism Microsystems' Event Tracker, and McAfee VirusScan Enterprise consoles, fine tuning their settings and structure for better system and network performance and efficiency  • Assist employees with password recovery and locked accounts, grant and restrict access to servers, applications, databases and directories, documenting processed tasks, calls, findings and changes in applications or network  • Monitoring web page accesses and user accounts' activity, granting and restricting browsing privileges, setting up automated FTP file transfers and their accesses through the firewall    Information Security skills and applications include:    • Microsoft Active Directory & Group Policy • SQL Server Management Studio  • McAfee VirusScan Enterprise Admin • Citrix Presentation Server & Access Gateway  • Sybase Central & Sybase Central Java security • Prism Microsystems' Event Tracker administration  • Checkpoint Firewall Education BS in Computer Engineering University of Puerto Rico - Mayagüez, PR 2009 Skills DBA, Sql Dba, Sql Database
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1287.html#321:::AWS Solution Architect/DevOps Engineer;AWS Infrastructure Engineer;Oracle Database Administrator;Security;Ec2;Amazon rds;Acls;Encryption;Configuration management;Git;Jenkins;Fault tolerant;Provisioning;Infrastructure design;Mfa;Ddos;Jira;Optimization;Architecture;Best practices;Bash;AWS;Devops;Puppet;Linux;Devops;AWS;Linux;Puppet;Ansible;Bash;Openstack;Azure:::AWS Solution Architect/DevOps Engineer AWS Solution Architect/DevOps Engineer AWS Solution Architect/DevOps Engineer - UNIVERSAL HEALTH SERVICES To work in a setting where I can transfer my knowledge of 4years experience as AWS Solutions Architect and DevOps Engineer in building, planning, implementing and maintaining system applications in AWS Cloud environments and overall 6years IT related experience. Work Experience AWS Solution Architect/DevOps Engineer UNIVERSAL HEALTH SERVICES - Philadelphia, PA October 2017 to Present * Design and architect self-healing, secured, highly available and fault tolerant infrastructure in AWS.  * Implemented maintenance and configuration of user account for Dev, QA and production servers and created roles for EC2, RDS, S3, Cloud Watch resources to communicate with each other using IAM.  * Experience in migrating and implementing of multiple applications from on premise to cloud using AWS services, SMS, DBMS, Cloud Formation, S3, Route 53, Glacier, EC2, RDS, SNS, Lambda, VPC, Cloud Trail, API gateway.  * Build and configure a virtual data center in the AWS Cloud to support Enterprise Data Warehouse hosting including Virtual Private Cloud (VPC), Public and Private Subnets, Security Groups (SG), Route Tables, Elastic Load Balancers ELB), Route 53.  * Build servers using AWS, importing volumes, launching EC2, RDS, creating SG, auto-scaling, ELBs in the defined VPC.  * Designed AWS Cloud Formation Templates to create multi region web applications and databases.  * Configuration of Continuous Integration(CI) and Continuous Delivery (CD) using Code Pipeline and Code Deployments for automation. Good experience in creating and editing shell, bash and python scripts for automation.  * Prolific working with configuration management tools like Ansible and Puppet. Source Code Management tool GitHub and Jenkins for Continuous Build Management.  * Using CloudWatch, VPC Flow Logs to monitor and retain account activity related to actions across AWS infrastructure.  * Leverage AWS System Manager to automate communication between S3 and other AWS services.  * Solution VPCs for various environments including NAT Gateway, VPC Peering and Transit Gateways.  * Installation, configuration and administration of Enterprise Linux and Unix Systems. AWS Infrastructure Engineer BANK OF AMERICA - Dallas, TX August 2015 to September 2017 Responsible for launching Amazon EC2 instances using AWS (Linux) and configuring launch instances with respect to specific applications and regions.  * Responsible for S3 buckets creation, policies and IAM role based policies.  * Build servers using AWS importing volumes, lunching EC2 instances, RDS, creating S Gs and NACL, auto-scaling, ELB in the defined VPCs.  * Responsible for creating monitors, alarms, and notifications for EC2 hosts using Cloud Watch, SNS, SMTP.  * Migration and implementation of multiple applications from on premise to cloud using AWS services like, CloudFormation, S3, Route 53, EC2, RDS, SNS, Lambda, Kinesis and VPC.  * Build and configure virtual data centers in the AWS Cloud to support Enterprise Data Warehouse hustings.  * Using Command Line toll to deploy and managing AWS resources.  * Work with internal teams to create the migration process of legacy systems to the AWS cloud.  * Work with business unit managers to understand project scope, suggest possible alternatives and document each step of the design  * Work with Security division to design and manage IAM roles for users, vendors and other third party vendors, Encrypting data.  * Work with several third party vendors in big data and other areas to support our overall cloud initiative.  * Partner with the sales team, formulate and execute a sales strategy to exceed revenue objectives through the adoption of AWS. Oracle Database Administrator BEREANS TECHNOLOGY Inc - Silver Spring, MD May 2013 to August 2015 * Create and configure Oracle Databases using both the DBCA and manually using database creation scripts.  * Create primary database storage structures (tablespaces) and objects (tables, views, indexes).  * Schedule and perform various modes of backups using RMAN  * Enhanced existing database designs for improved longevity, reduced maintenance, and improved performance.  * Database design, Maintenance, Configuration, Installation, Deployment and Administration using file system and ASM cluster file storage system.  * Assist with the development and implementation of database architectures for new projects.  * Perform database migrations, conversions and upgrades  * Design, build, test, and deploy new/changed databases  * Maintain and administer databases and supporting automation (e.g. database objects, security roles, capacity, performance tuning, import/export, alert rules)  * Resolve database issues (incident and problem management)  * Establish database standards and best practices  * Work on High Availability, Backup and Recovery options and help to implement solutions  * Design, implement and maintain database security procedures  * Automate routine database support tasks  * Monitor and optimize the performance of the database, also advise development staff of opportunities to improve  * Familiar working with Shell Scripting, Oracle 12c, NoSQL and MySQL.  * Strong understanding of Oracle Security and Audit, storage technologies and networking. Education Masters in International Trade in International Trade Ajou University 2011 Bachelors of Science in Management in Management University of Buea 2007 Skills Security, Ec2, Amazon rds, Acls, Encryption, Configuration management, Git, Jenkins, Fault tolerant, Provisioning, Infrastructure design, Mfa, Ddos, Jira, Optimization, Architecture, Best practices, Bash, AWS, Devops, Puppet, Linux, Devops, AWS, Linux, Puppet, Ansible, Bash, Openstack, Azure Additional Information Key Skills  * Building AWS environment which is Highly Available. Systems that are durable and are likely to operate continuously without failure.  * Managed AWS infrastructure provisioning using CloudFormation.  * Design and deploy scalable, highly available, fault tolerant and reliable applications in AWS.  * Hands-on experience with AWS CLI including deploying CFTs, managing S3, EC2, IAM on CLI.  * Monitor infrastructure and applications using CloudWatch, VPC Flow Logs, CloudTrail.  * Implement cost optimization strategies in the AWS infrastructure.  * Build highly available content distribution sites by using CI/CD tools like Ansible, Jenkins, Jira Git and Github.  * Architect Amazon RDS with Multi-AZ for automatic failover.  * Design EC2 and related architecture to meet HA while incorporating security best practices.  * Provide technical perspective on infrastructure design options and configurations.  * Implement security best practices in AWS including MFA, access key rotation, encryption using KMS, Security Groups and NACLs, S3 bucket policies and ACLs, mitigating DDOS attacks etc.  * Manage Ansible, Jenkins, Github and SSM for configuration management.  * Use AWS System Manager and Run Command to automate operational tasks across AWS resources.  * Use Jira to plan, track, support and close requests, tickets and incidents  * Delegate access across AWS accounts using IAM cross account roles.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1288.html#322:::Sr. SharePoint Developer;SharePoint Developer and Database Administrator;Jr. Web Developer and IT Instructor;Asp;Css;Iis;Iis 6;Asp.net;Sharepoint;Microsoft sharepoint;Ssrs;.net;Visual studio;C#;Html;Javascript;.net 2.0;Reporting tools;Database;Access 2010;Ms access;Ms access 2010;Ms sql server:::Sr. SharePoint Developer Sr. SharePoint Developer Sr. SharePoint Developer - Mangal Enterprise • Over 8 years of experience in Microsoft technologies including SharePoint server 2010/13,  SharePoint online/Office 365.  • Participated in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)including  Requirements Gathering, Analysis, Design, Development, Testing, UAT, Production and  Post-Production Support, under SharePoint environment.  • Experience on Agile Development Methodology.  • Introduced the use of Microsoft power app and flow  • Extensively involved in installation, configuration, and administration of Microsoft Office  SharePoint Server 2010/2013 on farm and Web application environment.  • Involved migration and upgrade SharePoint Server 2010 to 2013 and 2010 and 2013 to  O365.  • Implementing event handlers for both synchronous and asynchronous events and deploying  them using visual studio in sap.net.  • Working in SharePoint security and permission in different level.  • By using PowerShell find large files from SharePoint site, data evaluation during  migration, generate a permission report to audit a specific user's permissions in given  SharePoint online site collection, sub-sites, all its lists, libraries and list items.  • Automate business process by Nintex workflow and Nintex form in SharePoint on premise  and online/O365.  • Solid experience in Out of the Box solutions (OOTBS) which includes creating and  customizing site collections, sites, document libraries, lists, views, site column, site content  types and web parts.  • Worked on business connectivity services to surface data from line of business applications  into SharePoint portal.  • Customization pages (master page and content page) and views on any website.  • Dynamic electronic form developed using Microsoft InfoPath designer 2013/2010 and  Nintex form.  • Experienced in SharePoint designer 2010/2013.  • Designing solutions without code including customizing SharePoint web pages, lists and  libraries, and create business automation processes in SharePoint.  • Excellent logical and problem-solving skills and ability to work in team.  • Devoted to meeting client needs and deadlines with excellent end products.  Ahmed, Ebrahim Adane  Clarkston GA  ebrahim.adane1@gmail.com  +1 (770) 540-9083 Work Experience Sr. SharePoint Developer Mangal Enterprise - Duluth, GA May 2017 to Present Responsibilities: -  ? Creating Site collections based on the requirement,  ? Manipulating different style to the content of the page by applying CSS.  ? Designing InfoPath forms, to retrieve and submit data from/to different sources and destination,  ? Developing Nintex forms and workflows on SP2013 and O365.  ? Developing different workflows using Visio and Visual studio, Clarkston GA  ebrahim.adane1@gmail.com  +1 (770) 540-9083    ? Integrating Visio and InfoPath programs with SharePoint to develop powerful no code  business solutions (workflow and forms) using SharePoint Designer.  ? Implementing Event Handlers for both synchronous and asynchronous events and deploying them using visual studio  ? Developed different reports by integrating SharePoint with external Excel program.  ? Creating dynamic behavior for the html elements using jQuery of JavaScript Library  ? Associating workflows with InfoPath form libraries and further customized using  SharePoint Designer  ? Using Visual Studio to create lists and content type as a solution so that it can be  packaged and deployed to various sites,  ? Creating and deploying custom web parts  ? Preparing different Demonstration for Power users how to use SharePoint properly  ? Fixing technical and non-technical issues within a team and end users SharePoint Developer and Database Administrator GAMBY College of Medical Science September 2014 to May 2015 Responsibilities: -  ? Create All the Applications like custom list, document library, Announcement list  picture, contacts, calendars etc. to make operations in the registration process (List of student's creations using custom list, course schedule building using Calendar, classroom  assignment using task, final exam scheduling using calendar, grade processing, transcript  issuance using Document library, and student enrollment verification using Workflow).  • Involving through all the phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) including  Requirements Gathering, Analysis, Design, Development, Testing, UAT, Production and Post-production Support, deployment and maintenance using Microsoft SharePoint Server  2013, SharePoint Online/Office 365, SharePoint Designer & InfoPath 2013/2010, Nintex  Form and Workflow On-premises and Online/O365.  ? Establishes and maintains collaborative and effective working relationships with a diverse group of leaders across the College.  ? Designing InfoPath forms using InfoPath designer, published to SharePoint sites, applying rules and codes for further functionalities, customizing lists and workflows  using SharePoint designer,  ? Using data connections to retrieve and submit data from/to database SharePoint lists, Xml  and other sources  ? Publishing InfoPath forms as form libraries, content types and Administrator approved  types.  ? Implementing Sandboxed and Farm level solutions and deploying them,  ? Associating workflows with InfoPath form libraries and further customized using  SharePoint Designer  Clarkston GA  ebrahim.adane1@gmail.com  +1 (770) 540-9083    ? Using Visual Studio to create lists and content type as a solution so that it can be  packaged and deployed to various sites, Creating and deploying custom web parts, site  columns and field controls  ? Fixing bugs and issues as per Manager request Jr. Web Developer and IT Instructor AMHARA Technical and Vocational Organization December 2008 to September 2014 Responsibilities: -  ? Designing Website content, directing team members, Maintaining an understanding of the latest Web applications and programming, practices through education, study, and  participation in conferences, workshops, and groups.  ? Gathered requirements make architecture and developed custom and SPD workflows, navigation for site collections; designed, and created content types;  ? Created various OOTB web parts including Data View Web part, List View Web part  and Custom Web parts.  ? Managed SharePoint Security and created Team Sites and Custom SharePoint Lists  ? Designed and implemented SharePoint Project Management Solution team site.  ? Implemented SharePoint Document Collaboration Solution team site.  ? Provided support for SharePoint Portal Server and Windows SharePoint Services based  intranet sites.  ? Back up files from Web sites to local directories for recovery.  ? Determining user needs by analyzing technical requirements.  ? Identifying problems uncovered by customer feedback and testing and correcting or referring problems to appropriate personnel for correction.  ? Created and configured email-enabled SharePoint document libraries.  ? Configured and maintained Document libraries, Form libraries & created Views  ? Involved in Testing & Deploying Custom Web Parts  ? Provided Technical Support to end-users and resolved day-to-day issues regarding SharePoint usage  ? Created a web part for sending alerts to users when tasks are assigned to them and moving tasks to a separate item list on completion  ? Created custom forms using InfoPath 2007 and published them to SharePoint Form  Library.  ? Developed windows applications linked to SQL databases.  ? Responsible for the analysis of the requirements of the business, designing database  tables in the team of 3 personnel.  ? Modified applications according to the requirements.  Clarkston GA  ebrahim.adane1@gmail.com  +1 (770) 540-9083 Education Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science in Computer Science Jimma University Skills Asp, Css, Iis, Iis 6, Asp.net, Sharepoint, Microsoft sharepoint, Ssrs, .net, Visual studio, C#, Html, Javascript, .net 2.0, Reporting tools, Database, Access 2010, Ms access, Ms access 2010, Ms sql server Additional Information Technical Skills:  • SharePoint Technologies: Microsoft SharePoint Server 2013, SharePoint Online/Office  365, SharePoint Designer & InfoPath 2013/2010, Nintex Form and Workflow On-premises  and Online/O365.  • Web Technologies: ASP.NET, HTML, C#, CSS, JavaScript  • Development tools: Visual Studio 2013/2010/2008.  • Reporting Tools: MS SQL Reporting Services, SQL Server Reporting Service (SSRS),  MS Access, 2010/2013.  • Database: MS SQL Server 2012/2008 R2/2005, MS Access 2010/2013.  • Frameworks: .Net 2.0/3.5/4  • Web Servers: IIS 6.0/7.0  • Programming language: C#, JavaScript, style sheet language-CSS and -html.  • Microsoft Office Products: Word, Power point. Access, Excel, InfoPath,
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1289.html#323:::Geospatial Database Administrator;Network Collection System Data Analyst;ModelBuilder, ArcGIS for Collector:::Geospatial Database Administrator Geospatial <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Acton, MA Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience Geospatial Database Administrator Applied Geography - North Texas, Texas, US July 2013 to July 2016 University of North Texas Texas A&M Forest Service College Station, Texas Network Collection System Data Analyst BNSF Railway - Fort Worth, TX March 2013 to June 2013 ArcGIS/SQL Server • Extracted features from raw mobile mapping LiDAR points cloud  • Load and Manage Large scale data from using a feature extraction workflow  multiple sources into the Geodatabase • Provided technical review for GIS components and received  • Share GIS Data on Web digital data submissions for data maintenance  • Find innovative solution to complex  technical issue Research Assistant (Earthquake Assessment Project)  • Analyses, backup, and restore data University of North Texas Denton, Texas  • Assisted in the collection of online 3D spatial data. ModelBuilder, ArcGIS for Collector Geodatabases September 2004 to June 2008 manage the data within Geodatabases; Perform  Geodatabase maintenance and troubleshooting  SKILLS • GIS Server Administration --Deploy and maintain a given  • ESRI GIS Software (ArcMap, ArcGIS for solution; Monitor the health of different components of the  Server, ArcSDE, ArcGIS Online, system; Make configuration changes to system architecture to  ModelBuilder, ArcGIS for Collector) meet production needs; Install and configure Esri and supporting  • Microsoft SQL Server software according to Esri best practices; Troubleshoot common  • Troubleshooting Esri technology issues; Publish GIS Data on Web; Diagnose and • Internet Information Services (IIS) improve the performance of GIS services  • Task Scheduler • Assist with maintenance of GIS software and GIS Lab computers.  • Google Earth Pro Provide end-user support for GIS software to agency personnel.  • Programing (T-SQL, Python, Javascript, • Provide on-call support on nights and weekends, as needed for  HTML/CSS) emergency response operations.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\129.html#324:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Sql*plus, Enterprise Manager, Rman, Netca, OUI, Dbca etc;Sql Dba, sql*plus command prompt and linux command prompt;SQL scripting and SHELL scripting;Oracle Dba 11g and 12C container and pluggable databases.;linux:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator Baltimore, MD Over 4 years of experience as an Oracle Database Administrator with a strong performance background in professional Oracle database Administration support and solutions based for Windows and Linux Systems. Excel as a collaborative team player able to manage multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment. Desire to learn emerging technologies and adapt to changing environments while exceeding expectations and company objectives. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Legiswise Technology (Internship) July 2015 to August 2017 * Installation and administration of Oracle 10g/11g &12c databases  * Did system upgrades include hardware, operating system, and periodical patch upgrades  * Performance Tuning by using AWR, ASH, ADDM, Explain Plan, Vmstat to gather statistics  * Performed security scan remediation on database servers to reduce risks  * Provide best practice measures for applicable applications and database hardware and software troubleshooting.  * Prepared document and attend meeting to discuss remediation and exemption lists with other teams.  * Set up over 208 user/group login accounts and password  * Perform Patching and Upgrading to the most recent patches and versions for all releases and developed backup and recovery strategies for Oracle database.  * Assist users with login issues, resolved issues and tune up databases Oracle Database Administrator NationGlobe-Tech (internship) - Pikesville, MD September 2017 * Performed data migration for Oracle 10g/11g &12c pluggable databases by using Data pump/EXPDP/IMPDP.  * Hand on experience in cloning the non-multitenant container database to pluggable database in 12c using the PDB Metadata clone,  * Carried out database clone and database refreshing.  * Establish key root cause analysis findings facilitating recommendations on problem avoidance  * Performed Oracle Database installations, upgrades, and troubleshooting as need arise.  * Monitoring DR & Standby Database and provides critical solutions for database security  * Preformed Backup and Recovery by using RMAN and OEM for logical and physical backup and Hot/Cold backup  * Supported end users and provided basic training to new users as required. Education certification University of Dschang Skills Sql*plus, Enterprise Manager, Rman, Netca, OUI, Dbca etc, Sql Dba, sql*plus command prompt and linux command prompt, SQL scripting and SHELL scripting, Oracle Dba 11g and 12C container and pluggable databases., linux Certifications/Licenses Oracle Certified Associate in process Present Oracle SQL and Administration Additional Information Hands-on skills in SQL and Data Base Administration for windows and Linux systems. I am open and willing to learn new skills.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1290.html#325:::CLUB COORDINATOR/EVENT COORDINATOR;SUBSTITUTE TEACHER;ACQUISTION DATABASE SPECIALIST;FLEET MANAGER/ ADMINISTRATOR;Event planning:::CLUB COORDINATOR/EVENT COORDINATOR CLUB COORDINATOR/EVENT COORDINATOR CLUB COORDINATOR/EVENT COORDINATOR - CMC MANAGEMENT CORP Haymarket, VA Work Experience CLUB COORDINATOR/EVENT COORDINATOR CMC MANAGEMENT CORP June 2016 to Present • Manages the Waverly Club building and confers with GM concerning objectives, new or revised policies, daily operations matters affecting the building and residents who use the facility.  • Manages 3 outdoor pool facilities, one indoor pool facility, facilitates pass registration along with managing the pool contractor and lifeguard staff.  • Plan, coordinate and implement resident programs, classes and special community wide events. In planning, solicits input and involvement from residents and/or prospects to stimulate participation and awareness of the robust and facilitated lifestyle opportunities.  • Create and manages contracts for the residential programs.  • Liaison to the Events Committee. Plan, arrange and organize multiple events yearly that range from 300 to 1200 people in attendance within Dominion Valley community.  • Develops and monitors the Event budget.  • Submits invoices for payment and ensures timely payments  • Consults legal counsel for guidance on contracts, waivers, etc.  • Assist residents on day-to-day basis by fielding questions and providing information and responds to incoming phone call and emails from clients and vendors.  • Attend Board meetings (as requested).  • Assist Event Committee Chair as needed.  • Familiar with all governing documents and Board policies and procedures.  • Writes appropriate pieces for the quarterly newsletter. SUBSTITUTE TEACHER PRINCE WILLIAM COUNTY SCHOOLS September 2015 to June 2016 • Instruct core subjects to all grade levels in various schools within Prince William County.  • Adhere to school standards and teachers' guidelines and expectations.  • Follows lesson plans and utilize relevant activities and manipulates to supplement the lessons.  • Communicates with teachers regarding student progress and disciplinary transgressions and employ a proactive approach to classroom management to curb negative behavior. ACQUISTION DATABASE SPECIALIST NCI INFORMATION SYSTEMS June 2010 to June 2012 • Analyze procurement requests  • Management of acquisition database  • Provide financial analysis to customers  • Project Management  • Coordinated with Quality Assurance to create a standard operating procedure for all returned suspected or unserviceable equipment for the PEO Soldier Equipment program.  • Created a detailed weekly report.  As part of the Acquisition Database team I would review and analyze all procurement requests while tracking all acquisition documentation that was received. Modification and quality assurance checks were performed on all documentation to ensure all products were delivered accurately and within the time allotted based on the contract.  • Instruct core subjects to all grade levels in various schools within Prince William County.  • Adhere to school standards and teachers' guidelines and expectations.  • Follows lesson plans and utilize relevant activities and manipulates to supplement the lessons.  • Communicates with teachers regarding student progress and disciplinary transgressions and employ a proactive approach to classroom management to curb negative behavior. FLEET MANAGER/ ADMINISTRATOR Covad Communications September 2005 to June 2009 • Managed fleet utilization for 250 vehicles.  • Monitored and developed operational budgets.  • Monthly vehicle operation reports.  • Managed billing reconciliation for contracted work force.  • Managed uniform website.  • Performed analysis and developed solutions to reduce fleet expenses.  • Obtain core data on fleet accidents and root cause analysis.  • Redesigned fleet vehicles for improved productivity.    In addition to fleet management, Informed insurance carrier of vehicle accidents and drivers were counseled as needed. Effectively managed leasing company, and fleet transfers. Education B.A. WESTERN ILLIONIS UNIVERSITY May 2000 Skills Event planning Additional Information SKILLS  • Project Management  • Event Planning    • Communication  • Alliance Building
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1291.html#326:::Database Developer;OBIEE Developer / Database Developer;OBIEE Developer;OBIEE Developer;Sr. OBIEE Developer and Administrator;Database;Mysql;Sql;Sybase;Html:::Database Developer <span class="hl">Database</span> Developer Silver Spring, MD I have 10 years experience in the IT Industry. I have strong background in several Business Intelligence Application. I am Oracle Business Intelligence Developer and Database Developer with expertise in Presentation Services and building Repository. Strong engineering professional with a Bachelor's degree focused in Information Technology from University of Maryland University College.  Specialties/Expertise  * Oracle OBIEE Developer  * Application Design, Implementation, and Integration with VA  * Oracle Database Developer    Active Clearance(s) (List All)  * Investigation: Open Investigation - SF85P, 2016 10 16, OPM  * Agency: VA  * Eligibility: Public Trust Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Developer Favor TechConsulting, LLC - Vienna, VA 2016 to Present OBIEE Developer / Database Developer Veterans Administration (VA) Veterans Health Administration (VHA) 2016 to Present Enterprise Reporting and Analytical Support, (2016 - Present)    • Worked on building with OBIEE Repository at 3 layers i.e., Physical Layer, Business Model and mapping Layer and Presentation Layer.  • Create/Modify Metadata repository (rpd) as per the data requirements by using Oracle BI Analytics Server Admin tool.  • Worked with Business Groups to identify, analyze, and document Business Requirements.  • Created Business Facts, Dimensions and defined Logical relation between them at the Business model and mapping layer.  • Worked on setting up Dimensional Hierarchy.  • Extensively worked on IBots using OBIEE Delivers to create alerts based on results.  • Identified and created aggregate tables to improve query performance.  • Created Aggregate level and level based measures.  • Created Web-groups for security purpose with access privileges.  • Created Dashboards & Answers.  • Created Time Series Measures Year ago, Month Ago, Year-to-date measures using AGO and To Date functions.  • Involved in setting up Ibots to run reports at scheduled time for Cache Seeding to Improve Query Performance using Caching.  • Created dimensions in the Business model & Mapping layer.  • Assigned Data level & UI level security to the Users.  • Managed security privileges for each subject area and dashboard according to user requirements.  • Customized Reports look and Feel using Column Formatting, Conditional formatting.  • Customized Dashboard reports using drill-down capabilities.  • Worked on cache purging strategy using event-polling table cache purging technique.  • Created filters using repository variables, Presentation variables.  • Also created saved filters that can be reused by multiple reports.  • Migrated Analytics RPD and Web catalog from one environment to another.  • Designed and Developed Custom Mappings and Workflows in Informatics to bring the data from other data  source systems and Integrated using Universal Adapters in DAC.  • Monitored Incremental and Full load of Data through Data Warehouse Administration Console (DAC) and  • Informatics Workflow Monitor.  • Involved in Integrating Oracle BI Presentation Services with BI Publisher. OBIEE Developer XO Communication - Baltimore, MD 2011 to 2016 OBIEE Developer XO Communication 2011 to 2016 • Worked on building reports in answers and placing them in dashboards and formatting changes as per requirements.  • Implemented RPD for Project Accounting and created the reports and worked on RPD Model Changes for different requirements.  • Modified some of the existing reports and related dashboards, and fixed the issues related to reports, performance, during production support.  • Worked on LDAP implementation and External table authentication.  • Worked on merging Repositories and catalogs.  • Worked on setting usage tracking in OBIEE.  • Worked on creation of repository variables and session variables.  • Worked with the Security settings in OBIEE Admin Tool to set up users, groups, access privileges.  • Managed security privileges for each subject area and dashboards according to user requirements.  • Designed and developed interactive navigational drill down reports in OBIEE Answers, requests and Intelligence  • Dashboards using various reporting features and functionalities such as formulas, filters, charts, pivot tables.  • Created connection pools, physical tables, defined joins in the physical layer of the repository.  • Used the Catalog manager and maintained the Analytics web catalog to manage Dashboards, Answers and Delivers.  • Configured Agents to deliver analytics content based on schedule to obtain weekly reports and sent notification Alerts.  • Worked on Informatics (ETL Mapping changes).  • Worked on ETL Monitoring. Sr. OBIEE Developer and Administrator TIAA - Baltimore, MD 2010 to 2011 • Worked with Business Groups to identify, analyze, and document Business Requirements.  • Migrated and merged OBIEE Repository and Catalogs.  • Server Space management as per the need provided extended production support based on the demand and complexity of the issue.  • Implemented Over all security, SSO, OBIEE content and Data level security.  • Create/Manage Repository/Web Users and Groups and assigning permissions using Enterprise Manager and Console.  • Experience in Preparing Design Specification documents based on functional requirements and also involved the preparation of Technical Design Documents.  • Worked in End to End construction of the BI model from repository to reports development.  • Worked with OBIEE Answers, Intelligence Dashboards in OBIEE 11g.  • Demonstrated knowledge in dealing with various functionalities like prompts, views, aggregates, global filters, guided navigation, customization, conditional formatting of reports to satisfy the end users.  • Designed and developed physical, logical and presentation layers of the repository with new data model changes.  • Developed dimensional hierarchies to facilitate the drill down and report navigation.  • Configured Bi Scheduler and created Ibots to schedule and deliver Analytics content to multiple delivery  destinations and also a Cache Seeding mechanism.  • Enabled Usage Tracking to monitor the usage and performance of reports.  • Implemented MUDE (Multi User Development Environment) in OBIEE.  • Created new Repository Variables, Session variables and Initialization blocks to configure security, data access and authorization on Repository and Catalog objects.  • Created Answers reports using various analytics views like Table, Pivot tables, Charts, Column Selectors, View Selectors, Narrative, Static text etc.  • Was responsible for performance improvement of the reports by using various strategies in both the database and OBIEE like Indexes, Hints in Physical Layer, Materialized views and Caching.  • Experienced in working with BI (XML) Publisher, Data Templates, RTF, and XSL Templates and provided the capability to download the reports in the user defined formats.  • Experience in designing Mini Schemas/Data Models/Data Marts for Legacy Systems in Oracle and develop Reports out of OBIEE answers, dashboards as per business requirement.  • Responsible for project documentation (documenting functional, technical documents, preparing test cases/test plans and KT plans). Education Bachelors of Technology in Information Technology University of Maryland University College Skills Database, Mysql, Sql, Sybase, Html Certifications/Licenses Driver's License
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1292.html#327:::Team Coordinator;Service Operations Associate;Program Assistant/Team Leader;Database Administrator;Customer and Visitor Information Representative:::Team Coordinator Team Coordinator Team Coordinator - Horizon Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Jersey Newark, NJ PROFILE  Associated with Horizon Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Jersey since August 2016. Hands-on experience in providing  outstanding customer service, data analysis and reporting, workforce management, as well as handling confidential/sensitive  information. Experience also included assisting with management oversight of unionized employees. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Team Coordinator State Health Benefits Program at Horizon Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Jersey - Wall, NJ September 2017 to Present Supervise Bargaining Unit employees; Ensure accurate submissions of payroll data; Disseminate information from Leadership down to team and certify understanding; Continuously analyzed, observed, and trended data to identify  shortcomings or to improve procedures/workflows; Update and maintain library of stored information in databases; Provide  supervisory administrative support to direct reports.  Key Duties:  • Perform data gathering and reporting; possess ownership of database systems; speak to results of analysis for Management and Executive Leadership.  • Responsible for maintaining departmental records, including confidential databases.  • Serve as primary point of contact for departmental inquiries as well as escalated claim situations.  • Investigate/Resolve complex claim inquiries.  • Prepare Quarterly Incentive Plan (QIP) and coordinate for review with business leaders.  • Systems utilized: Tableau, Universal Customer Service Workstation (UCSW), SharePoint, Verint, Lotus  Notes, National Accounts Service Company (NASCO) Claims Processing System, Data Management System  (DMS), ADP eTime processing system, Microsoft Office platform, etc. Service Operations Associate Management Development Program at Horizon Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Jersey - Newark, NJ August 2016 to September 2017 Completed ongoing systems, business-specific and soft-skill training requirements; Performed gap and root cause analysis;  Made recommendations on process changes; completed other collaborative projects as assigned by management.  Key Duties:  • Gain understanding of how the management of inventory levels for business teams is conducted.  • Obtain skillset on how the Shared Service Division creates staffing documents (forecasting, trending, staffing  levels) for different departments within the company.  • Assist in the management of employees and inventory within State Health Benefits Program.  • Gain understanding of how management of Union employees (Bargaining Unit) is conducted. Program Assistant/Team Leader Office of University - Community Partnerships - Newark, NJ September 2014 to July 2016 New Jersey    Handled confidential material; Generated data entry reports for leadership; Copying, Printing; Handled University-wide  paperwork; Provided accurate information to professors and students; Supervised Federal Work-Study (FWS) students;  Maintained responsibility for creating schedule for employees, Compiled data for monthly reporting, Processed and verified timesheets.    Key Duties:  • Interpreted and analyzed policies to ensure they were implemented effectively.  • Operated Call Center under minimal supervision from leadership.  • Responded to large number of complex customer service inquiries.  • Provided interviews and on-the-job training to employees. Database Administrator Upward Bound Program at Rutgers University - Newark, NJ April 2014 to January 2016 Inputted large amount of confidential data into databases; Assisted in collecting and compiling data needed for special  projects, programs, activities for the school and Federal database; Assisted with filing during peak application and admission  season; Noticed trends about data and bringing consequent analysis to program director; Maintained accurate records concerning program activities.  Key Duties:  • Collected and analyzed program data in order to prepare the Annual Performance Report for the United States  Department of Education.  • Updated and maintained database systems (i.e. Companion Blumen, Downgrade, One Call Now). Customer and Visitor Information Representative Office of University - Community Partnerships at Rutgers University - Newark, NJ September 2012 to August 2014 Answered and transferred calls; assisted customers with their questions and provided reliable, up-to-date information  regarding the local community as well as information within the university; Promoted to Program Assistant/Team Leader. Education Master of Arts in Political Science Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey 2014 to 2016 Bachelor of Arts in Political Science Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey 2012 to 2014 Associate of Science in Social Science Essex County College 2010 to 2012
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1293.html#328:::Actimize Analyst;Actimize Analyst;Database Administrator;Database Administrator;Business Analyst;Data migration;Sql server;Sql server 2000;Sql;Linux:::Actimize Analyst Actimize Analyst Actimize Analyst - Actimize Credit Fraud Implementation Wells Fargo Richmond, VA ? Over 9 years of experience as IT professional across banking, retail and telecom sector as Actimize Analyst, SQL DBA, Business and Data analysis.  ? 3+ yrs. of experience as Actimize developer.  ? Good working knowledge in configuring, integrating & implementing Actimize AML SAM and Credit Fraud (IFM) solutions.  ? Involved in deploying, monitoring and supporting the Analytics Intelligence Services (AIS).  ? Professional Summary  Worked closely with AML business units to understand the business requirements on AML and prioritized development efforts.  ? Conducted data mapping between source to Actimize staging layer (UDM).  ? Configured the below OOTB features of SAM & ECM modules.  ? Build & Configure new models/scenarios/ Configure Rules using AIS modeler.  ? Involved in data provisioning and analysis to Actimize SAM and identifying data gaps.  ? Experience with RCM and UDM database.  ? Experience with Linux platform and SQL development.  ? Configuration of roles and entitlements, workflows, alert types, alert views and alert displays.  ? Setting up RFI, email notifications and TIM features and Work item/Alerts consolidation.  ? Configure Cases - predefined notes, case type, workflows, case views.  ? Setting up DART & Operational dashboard for bank operations community.  ? Setting up platform lists feature in RCM.  ? Setting up policy manager with rule configuration and action.  ? Performed unit testing and conducted peer review of the code.  ? Participated in team meetings with project team on a frequent basis to provide the development status and continuously validated the requirements to ensure development is in alignment with business requirements.  ? Worked closely with PM in facilitating and coordinating with other counter-parties to resolve blockers that prevented development progress.  ? Created new automation batch jobs to trigger Actimize jobs.  ? Worked with internal teams and client resources to be able to assist in release migrations.  ? Performed regular administration activities from managing system resources, users and database to the fine-tuning level and implemented the project successfully.  ? Install and configure SQL application and database server 2000, 2005, 2008, 2012, 2014 and 2016 for development and production environment for multiple customer.  ? Worked on database maintenance, backups and recovery plans.  ? Administrator SQL server by creating user Logins with appropriate roles, granting and denying login privileges, monitor the user accounts, creation of groups, granting database and application roles to users and groups.  ? Monitor SQL error logs/schedule tasks/data activity/eliminate blocking and deadlocks/user counts and connections/locks.  ? Involved in the design, configuration and exception of daily database backups monitored and logged backup jobs, and data restoration when required. Work Experience Actimize Analyst Actimize Credit Fraud Implementation Wells Fargo November 2017 to Present Project Description: Implementation of Credit Fraud and integrating with 9+ source systems across geographical locations in identifying and configuring fraud rules scenarios in fraud module to safeguard customer from credit card-based fraud attacks, ensuring accuracy of card fraud detection and prevention across multiple products, channels and geography.    Responsibilities:  ? Participated in requirements gathering sessions to understand the customer challenges and detail requirements.  ? Participated in team meeting with project team on a frequent basis to provide the development status and continuously validated the requirements to ensure development is in alignment with business requirements.  ? Seeked helped from PM in facilitating and coordinating with other counter-parties to resolve blockers that prevented development progress.  ? Conducted data analysis to validate business rules and scenarios provided by the business.  ? Experience in monitoring and supporting the Actimize components like Actimize Intelligence Server (AIS) and Risk Case Manager (RCM).  ? Experience using Actimize AIS Visual Modeler to build new models/scenarios/ Configure Rules.  ? Configure Roles, Groups & Entitlements for user onboarding.  ? Configure Business Unit Hierarchies for an organization.  ? Configure work item/Alerts - workflows, alert type, workflows, alert views, alert displays and predefined notes.  ? Setting up RFI features and Work item/Alerts consolidation.  ? Configure Cases - predefined notes, case type, workflows, case views.  ? Setting up DART & On demand Reports and customized display.  ? Setting up platform lists in RCM.  ? Setting up policy manager - detection PM & Alerting PM for business detection rules and routing.  ? Build Operational/Channel system API integration with Actimize leveraging OOTB channel interfaces.  ? Performed unit testing and conducted peer review of the code.  ? Worked with internal teams and clients to be able to assist in release migrations.    Environment: Actimize IFM, Actimize Fraud, AIS Modeler, SQL database, Microsoft management studio, Putty. Actimize Analyst Actimize SAM Implementation for Wells Fargo July 2016 to November 2017 Project Description: Implementation of Actimize SAM and integrating with 16+ source systems across banks to monitor, detect and identify suspicious activities from bank transactions by configuring rules, what-if scenarios and above & below the line of thresholds within the Actimize SAM module.    Also streamline the end to end investigation process across AML operations to enable operational efficiency and reducing the compliance cost.    Responsibilities:  ? Involved in deploying, monitoring and supporting the Analytics Intelligence Services (AIS).  ? Worked closely with AML business units to understand the business requirements on AML and prioritized development efforts.  ? Conducted data mapping between source to Actimize staging layer (UDM).  ? Configured the below OOTB features of SAM & ECM modules.  ? Build & Configure new models/scenarios/ Configure Rules using AIS modeler.  ? Involved in data provisioning and analysis to Actimize SAM and identifying data gaps  ? Experience with RCM and UDM database.  ? Experience with Linux platform and SQL development.  ? Configuration of roles and entitlements, workflows, alert types, alert views and alert displays.  ? Setting up RFI, email notification and TIM features and Work item/Alerts consolidation.  ? Configure Cases - predefined notes, case type, workflows, case views.  ? Setting up DART & Operational dashboard for bank operations community.  ? Setting up platform lists feature in RCM.  ? Setting up policy manager with rule configuration and action.  ? Performed unit testing and conducted peer review of the code.  ? Participated in team meeting with project team on a frequent basis to provide the development status and continuously validated the requirements to ensure development is in alignment with business requirements.  ? Worked closely with PM in facilitating and coordinating with other counter-parties to resolve blockers that prevented development progress.  ? Created new automation batch jobs to trigger Actimize jobs.  ? Worked with internal teams and client resources to be able to assist in release migrations.    Environment: Actimize AIS, Actimize SAM, AIS Modeler, SQL database, Microsoft Management studio, Putty.exe Database Administrator Canon - Hyderabad, Telangana March 2014 to July 2016 Project Description: Canon is a retail company, as an operational MS SQL Server DBA at Canon working in a 24X7 support structure dealing with few clustered environments, high availability methodologies and Production DBA tasks such as trouble shooting connectivity issues, performance issues, with lots of spontaneous user issues and even more.    Responsibilities:  ? Providing 24*7, support for Production Environment.  ? Installation, Maintenance and Monitoring the Database software products and provided technical advice to the Application Team.  ? Implemented and Recommended High availability configurations.  ? Performed Database Backup strategy and overall other strategies as per Client requirements.  ? Managing the users including creation/alteration, granting DB roles and permissions on various Database objects.  ? Setup Database Maintenance Plans to reorganize indexes, re-indexing and update the index statistics on the production databases.  ? Monitoring of database size and disk space in Production environments.  ? Configured Transactional Replication, Log Shipping with SQL Server Management Studio as well as basic account management, troubleshooting with connectivity, security and firewall issues.  ? Worked on DMVs, Mirroring, and database snapshots.  ? Performed Production support and on Call duties and Executed change management scripts on weekly basis.    Environment: SQL Server 2008R2, Windows Server 2008, SQL Server 2012/2014/2016 Database Administrator Telstra, Victoria - AU February 2011 to February 2014 Project Description: Telstra is Australia's leading telecommunications and technology company, offering a full range of communications services and competing in all telecommunications markets in Australia we provide 18.0 million retail mobile services, 3.7 million retail fixed bundles and standalone data services and 1.7 million retail fixed standalone voice services. As an operational MS sql server DBA at canon i Performed Database Backup strategy and overall other strategies as per Client Requirements Managing the users including creation/alteration, granting DB roles and permissions on various Database Objects Setup Database Maintenance Plans to reorganize indexes, re-indexing and update the index statistics on the production databases Monitoring of database size and disk space in Production environments.    Responsibilities:  ? Day-to-day administration of live SQL Servers.  ? Managing SQL Server logins and users.  ? Managing database objects like tables, views, indexes etc.  ? Monitoring the Server for High Availability of the Servers.  ? Performed all aspect of database administration including backup recovery, Replication.  ? Implemented routine database maintenance activities, scheduled job for these activities.  ? Solving the requests raised by user support.  ? Used BCP utility to publish table output to text files.  ? Tuning slow running queries and procedures.  ? Troubleshoot performance problems and fine-tuning of databases.  ? Participate in Implementation of new releases into production.  ? Meet the SLA (Service Level Agreement) established.    Environment: SQL Server 2008R2, Windows Server 2008, SQL Server 2012 Business Analyst Telstra, Victoria - AU December 2009 to January 2011 Project Description: Telstra is Australia's leading telecommunications and technology company, offering a full range of communications services and competing in all telecommunications markets in Australia. As BA I Conducted GAP analysis to regulate the gaps &define and document business processes.    Responsibilities:  ? Created functional and non-functional requirement documents and technical specification documents and delivered within project timelines by conducting user interviews.  ? Created functional and non-functional requirement documents and technical specification documents and delivered within project timelines by conducting user interviews.  ? Conducted GAP analysis to regulate the gaps &define and document business processes.  ? Active member of Release management group in which my primary objective is to scope the requirements into various releases and baseline the requirements.  ? Met with client groups to determine User Requirements and Goals, thus converting User Requirements and Business Requirements into FRS.  ? Worked with UML to create activity diagrams and use case diagrams for better understanding of the user requirements.  ? Developed Mockup screens as per the functional requirement to turn ideas in to project code quickly.  ? Prepared & reviewed test cases based on specifications and use cases.  ? Performed Regression Testing & involved in execution of test cases as per the schedule.  ? Facilitated UAT (User Acceptance Testing) for all the converted internal systems with business users, management group and team members.    Environment: E Draw, Pencil, UML, MS Access, MS Word and MS PowerPoint. Education Bachelor's Skills Data migration, Sql server, Sql server 2000, Sql, Linux Additional Information Technical Skills:    Tools & Technology Skills  Nice Actimize Actimize SAM, RCM Designer, AIS Modular  RDBMS SQL Server 2000, 2005/2008 R2, 2012/2014/2016  Operating Systems Linux, Windows Server 2000, 2003/2008  Languages Java, C, T-SQL, SQL  Tools SQL Server Agent  Data Migration BCP, SQL Loader, Import/Export Wizard  Web Technologies HTML, XML  Cloud platforms Amazon web services
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1294.html#329:::Developer and Database Administrator;IT Technician;C++;HTML;JAVASCRIPT;PERL;PostgresSQL (5 years);jQuery;PHP;Python (Less than 1 year);SQL:::Developer and Database Administrator Developer and <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Developer and Database Administrator - AutoMatStore.com Columbia, MO Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Developer and Database Administrator AutoMatStore.com - Columbia, MO May 2014 to Present Back End  ? Designed databases based on manufacturer data files  ? Created JSON APIs to connect databases to website and eBay  ? Managed linux machines that hosted APIs  Front End and Website  ? Created "configurators" to help customers customize and complete orders  ? Worked with SEO professionals to increase website traffic  ? Managed relationships with marketing companies to optimize landing pages  Additional Responsibilities  ? Ran custom reports and queries for company owner  ? Wrote scripts to output files to facilitate new eBay listings  ? Managed virtual development machines used by programmers IT Technician Women's and Children's Hospital - Columbia, MO September 2011 to May 2013 General tech support such as install peripherals and set up new computers/technology  ? Resolve user challenges and troubleshoot issues  ? Worked with supervisor to prioritize tasks Education B.S. in Information Technology University of Missouri - Columbia, MO September 2009 to March 2014 Skills C++, HTML, JAVASCRIPT, PERL, PostgresSQL (5 years), jQuery, PHP, Python (Less than 1 year), SQL Links http://AutoMatStore.com Additional Information Efficient problem-solving  Resourceful  Team player  Quality-driven  Dedicated    SOFTWARE SKILLS    ExpressJS  KnexJS  HAWK  JQuery  Vagrant  VirtualBox  SourceTree    LANGUAGES    NodeJS/JavaScript  PHP  Perl  HTML  SQL (PSQL)  Java  Python
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1295.html#330:::Young Marines National Headquarters Database Administrator;Mary Baldwin College Work Study Office Assistant;Shift Manager:::Young Marines National Headquarters Database Administrator Young Marines National Headquarters <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Young Marines National Headquarters Database Administrator - The Young Marines • To utilize my leadership training, hard work ethic, and motivation in a challenging/ rewarding work environment. Work Experience Young Marines National Headquarters Database Administrator The Young Marines October 2016 to Present is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit youth organization that focuses on drug demand reduction education, leadership development, and promotion of having a healthy life style for youth across the nation.  • Duties included: customer service, administration, data entry, statistical analysis, assisting with advancing the capabilities of database system, document revision, problem solving, organizing nationwide events, etc.  • Collateral Duties: Safety and Wellness Coordinator, Assistant Drug Demand Reduction Officer. Mary Baldwin College Work Study Office Assistant 2013 to 2016 Duties included: Customer service, office organization, student orientation, and various projects for the cadet corps, etc. Shift Manager McDonald's September 2011 to June 2012 Education Master in Arts in Applied Psychology Program Liberty University Online 2017 to Present Bachelors of Science in Psychology in Psychology Mary Baldwin College - Staunton, VA 2012 to 2016 Richland High School 2007 to 2011
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1296.html#331:::Case Manager;Case Manager/Legal Assistant - Personal Injury;Office Administrator;Claims Represenative;Information and Database Specialist;Bilingual (10+ years);Case Management;Personal Injury;Microsoft Office;Documentation;Microsoft Office;problem solving:::Case Manager Case Manager Case Manager/Legal Assistant Ocala, FL Competent and efficient Legal Assistant providing excellent administrative support to multiple attorneys. Work Experience Case Manager Allen Law Firm January 2019 to Present Case management of clients files. Prepare demands, mediations and maintain client contact. Case Manager/Legal Assistant - Personal Injury Bogin, Munns & Munns, P.A - Ocala, FL September 2017 to January 2019 Assist PI Attorney with client files. Open new files using Client Profiles. Answer multi line phone, fax, email and basic office duties. Request medical and billing records. Handle administrative duties. Incharge of handling client files and maintain up to date with treatment status and get them ready to move on to demand process. Office Administrator Alico Citrus Nursery, LLC - Gainesville, FL September 2014 to December 2016 Handle all office duties. Do new hire orientations and safety training. Do monthly expense reports and inventory. Assist Nursery management team and HR and AP dept. Work out in the greenhouses as needed. Maintained all license and permits up to date with state regulations. Claims Represenative Geico - Lakeland, FL August 2013 to October 2013 Responsibilities  Handle auto accident claims. Determine liability, provide customer service.     Accomplishments  maintained necessary call numbers at great rating.    Skills Used  Dependability, flexibility and hard worker. Information and Database Specialist Redlands Christian Migrant Association - Ocala, FL April 2008 to June 2013 Responsibilities  Assist the Center Director with administrative duties. Obtain personal and financial information from families applying to program, and determine legibility. Maintain files up to date, submit monthly reports to state office. Provide assistance with translation and transportation to families being served in program. Coordinate monthly meetings and attend training seminars.     Accomplishments  Helped families achieve their goals .    Skills Used  My personal life skills. And previous experiences as a migrant farm worker. Education GED in General Studies GED course - Auburndale, FL 2000 to 2001 Skills Bilingual (10+ years), Case Management, Personal Injury, Microsoft Office, Documentation, Microsoft Office, problem solving Certifications/Licenses Notary Public January 2018 to January 2022 Driver's License
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1297.html#332:::SQL DBA;SQL Database Administrator (DBA);Data analysis;Database administration;Database modeling;Database;Sql;Sql queries;Ssrs;Data integration;Etl;Team management;Requirements analysis;Integration;Documentation;Technical documentation;Client relations;Database management:::SQL DBA SQL DBA SQL DBA - SalientCRGT, Inc Woodbridge, VA Work Experience SQL DBA SalientCRGT, Inc - Fairfax, VA December 2012 to Present • Provided full database support for Department of Education (DOE) contract on production and development environments.  • Supported critical ED.gov site. Maintains MS SQL 2012, 2014, and 2016 servers, including performance tuning, backup, security, and database migration. Generates SQL queries for application owners, facilitating high-level report retrieval.  • Remediates security findings from Federal Information Security Modernization Act (FISMA) and monthly security scans, overseeing 30 vendor patch installations/reconfigurations per year.  • Coordinates with point of contacts, providing production support to application owners.  • Serves as Tier III subject matter support, resolving escalated production issues in accordance with system-level agreements (SLAs). Resolved Office for Civil Rights issue affecting 600 users.  • Utilizes Remedy software for ticketing, and asset management at client sites.  • Performs annual disaster recovery exercises for DOE applications, implementing database mirroring/replication and maintaining high availability for critical applications.  • Gathers requirements from application developers to design and develop database schema. Conducts testing, tuning, and database object implementation using SSMS scripts and graphical user interfaces.  • Installed, Configured Active/Passive and Active/Active failover clustering on SQL Server 2008R2.  • Installed, Configured Always on Availability Group on SQL Server 2014 and 2016.  • Extracts data utilizing SQL SSIS in support of website data updates, implements SSRS using SCCM to generate reports, and utilizes SSAS to retrieve data from multiple SharePoint sources.  • Upgraded and Migrated Instances/Databases from lower to higher versions (2008 R2 to 2012, 2014 and 2016) in Standalone and HA environments.  • Applied Service Pack (SP) and Hot Fixes in Standalone and HA environments.  • Performed database server performance tuning using performance monitor to find bottleneck of CPU, disk and memory devices.  EXPERIENCE SQL Database Administrator (DBA) Innovative Data Solutions - Alexandria, VA January 2010 to November 2012 • Installed, Configured, Upgraded and Managed SQL Server 2008R2, 2005 & 2000 in development, test, and production environment.  • Installed, Configured and Maintained Fail-Over Clustering using SQL Server 2008/2005.  • Configured Log Shipping as a Standby database from Production database for Reporting Purposes.  • Configured and Maintained Replications (Transactional and merge).  • Developed, Deployed and Managed ETL Packages and Projects using SSIS (SQL Server Integration Services).  • Developed ETL Packages and Setup jobs to move data databases to Reporting and Data Warehouse Databases.  • Installed, Configured, and administered SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).  • Developed Reports for different purposes like DBA Reports, user reports using SSRS and Report Builder 3.0 & 2.0.  • Designed and implemented Database Migrated (development, testing, and production environment).  • Worked on a data analysis project, modeling and generated ER Diagram and data element dictionary.  • Maintained scheduled jobs to automate different database related activities including backup, monitoring database health, disk space, backup verification.  • Used third party Monitoring tools: Spotlight.  • Monitor SQL Server Error Log, space usage (routine based).  • Wrote Functions, Triggers, and Stored Procedures.  • Assisted Database Developers to optimize SQL queries and Stored Procedures.  • Export & Import data from Flat file, CSV file to/from SQL Server Database using DTS, SSIS, and BCP.  • Performed Database Backup and Disaster Recovery.  • Used DBCC to check database conditions, Rebuilding indexes and other database Maintenance purposes as well. Education Bachelor in Computer Science in Computer Science The American International University Associate in Information Technology in Information Technology Strayer University - Woodbridge, VA Skills Data analysis, Database administration, Database modeling, Database, Sql, Sql queries, Ssrs, Data integration, Etl, Team management, Requirements analysis, Integration, Documentation, Technical documentation, Client relations, Database management
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1298.html#333:::Security Analyst Intern;IT Help Desk;Oracle BI Developer;Junior Oracle Database Administrator;Metasploit;Nessus;Nmap;Siem;Splunk;Wireshark;Css;Security;Database administration;Database;Sql server;Mysql;Oracle;Sql;Active directory;Tcp;Tcp/ip;Vmware;Networking;Android studio;Information Security;Cyber Security;Linux;Network Security:::Security Analyst Intern Security Analyst Intern Security Analyst Intern - CyberNow Labs Centreville, VA Work Experience Security Analyst Intern CyberNow Labs - Fairfax, VA January 2019 to Present • Perform analysis of log files via QRadar SIEM solution  • Process development/improvement  • Liaise with the Company's SOC to respond to emerging incidents in a timely manner; triage details and provide support to both the SOC and Business Managers  • Assist in performing periodic access reviews / inactivity reviews  • Analyze and review escalated cases until closure. This includes investigating and recommending appropriate corrective actions for cyber security incidents  • Perform post mortem analysis on logs, traffic flows, and other activities to identify malicious activity  • Perform vulnerability scanning Nessus IT Help Desk UMIZ LLC - Fairfax, VA June 2016 to December 2018 • Installing and configuring computer hardware, software, systems, networks, printers and scanners  • Responding in a timely manner to service issues and requests  • Providing technical support across the company  • Repairing and replacing equipment as necessary Oracle BI Developer Central Bank of Azerbaijan - Baku, AZ January 2014 to February 2016 • Collaborating with business analysts and developers to produce software designs  • Transforming software designs and specifications into high functioning code in the appropriate language Junior Oracle Database Administrator Baku Insurance - Baku, AZ August 2012 to December 2013 Maintaining database by identifying and solving database requirements; supporting users Education Bachelor in Information Technology and Systems Engineering Azerbaijan State Oil Academy - Baku, AZ MBA Azerbaijan State Economic University - Baku, AZ Master of Science in Information Technology Virginia International University - Fairfax, VA Skills Metasploit, Nessus, Nmap, Siem, Splunk, Wireshark, Css, Security, Database administration, Database, Sql server, Mysql, Oracle, Sql, Active directory, Tcp, Tcp/ip, Vmware, Networking, Android studio, Information Security, Cyber Security, Linux, Network Security Additional Information Core Competencies  ? Security: IBM's Security QRadar SIEM, FireEye Redline, Splunk fundamentals, AnyRun, VirusTotal, Phishing Analysis, Threat Analysis, Security Onion,  ? Vulnerability Management: Nmap, Nessus, Metasploit Framework, Kali Linux,  ? Networking: Wireshark, TCP view packet analysis, TCP/IP  ? Experience: SQL, HTML, CSS, Javascript,  Android Studio    ? Operating Systems: Windows, Linux Fedora/Ubuntu, iOS, VmWare, Active Directory  ? Languages: Fluent in English, Russian, Azerbaijani, Turkish  ? Oracle applications, OBI, SQL server, MySQL, Toad  ? Oracle Database 10g/11g database administration skills, ODI and ETL development  ? Actively pursuing Security+ and CEH certifications
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1299.html#334:::Cloud Network Engineer;Database Administrator;Graduate Research Assistant;Software Engineer;Intern;Apache cassandra;Cassandra;Splunk;Ipsec;Juniper;Ssl;Wireshark;Application layer;Vm;Vmware;Apache;Linux;Encryption;Firewalls;Networking;Iaas;Python;Bash;Database;Database systems:::Cloud Network Engineer Cloud Network Engineer Cloud Network Engineer - Tech Mahindra Redmond, WA Work Experience Cloud Network Engineer Tech Mahindra - Redmond, WA February 2016 to Present • F5 BIG-IP devices LTM (Firewalls/Load Balancers), MX960 CCE, Routing Protocols, VMWare vSphere, LTE, VOLTE; Tools Used: Ixia, Spirent. Worked on 'Sundance' project where all these devices and technologies were extensively used. Configured, administered, and updated F5 firewalls and Load balancers for the entire project. F5 TMOS upgrades, iRule, health checks and Troubleshooting were the main tasks in the project.  • Configured Site to Site VPN and IPsec over GRE for allowing access to various vendors.  • Configured Next Gen Palo Alto VM-300 on ESXi, KVM and Open Stack based Environments using Service Chaining.  • Automated the process of config file management and email-notifications on Arista device.  • Worked on MX and SRX Juniper product lines. Built and maintained SRX 5800, 5600 firewalls via Junos and STRM, NMIS.  • Created S3 buckets and managed policies. Leveraged AWS cloud services such as EC2, auto-scaling and VPC to build secure, highly scalable systems via AWS mgmt. console.  • Deployed Extra hop in lab to monitor all the wire data, analyze the network performance and t-shoot issues. Automated the process of extracting Network parameters and building graphs.  • Standardized Splunk forwarder deployment, configuration and maintenance in Linux platform  • Worked with REST API's to get and retrieve data from a virtualized node used to store messages.  • Apache Cassandra, Swift (Object Storage), Linux, Bash, Tools Used: IRIS, JDSU: Worked on 'Messaging' Project. The primary task was to manage specific nodes a message traverse through before getting delivered to the user. The idea was to make a message delivery prompt and fault tolerant in various scenarios.  • Currently working on 'Plug Fest project' with FB. Set up Juniper MX 240, ACX 2200 as per the project requirements, and also established IPSEC connectivity from TechM F5 to FB F5. Configured, supported and maintained network connectivity, reliability and redundancy. Played an important role in routing and establishing various VM connectivity from Redmond to MPK. Database Administrator Stone Gallery LLC - Tampa, FL January 2015 to February 2016 • Firewall, RDBMS, PHP -- Streamlined the entire process of online businesses, starting from the selection of stone by the user and further implementing tools to assist clients with their end project.  • Reviewed existing IT systems and internal processes; collected and analyzed data to identify areas for improvement within the IT infrastructure of the distribution company  • T-shoot and debugged IT systems to ensure error-free functionality and end-user satisfaction  • Effectively optimized the company's website and implemented SEO to improve the PageRank of the website. Also, configured the firewalls to enhance the security.  • Deployed Extra hop in internal lab to monitor all the wire data, analyze the network performance and t-shoot issues  • Launched Amazon EC2 cloud instances using AWS and configured them with respect to specific applications and regions. Responsible for S3 buckets creation, policies and IAM role based policies. Involved in migration and implementation of multiple applications from on premise to cloud using AWS services like SMS, S3, Cloud formation, Route 53, Glacier  • Standardized Splunk forwarder deployment, configuration and maintenance in Linux platform Graduate Research Assistant Florida State Univ - Tallahassee, FL August 2013 to August 2014 PHP, HTML, Java Script, CSS; Tool Used: Adobe Dreamweaver: Worked as a website developer for the department of Arts and Sciences at FSU, where my task was to develop new webpages according to the requirements of various departments and keep all those webpages updated. Software Engineer Tech Mahindra March 2011 to July 2012 - India  • Mainframes, Java: Worked as a software developer at Mahindra Satyam now Tech Mahindra. Intern Bharat Electronics Limited September 2010 to March 2011 - India  • FDD-LTE AND CDMA Systems Our team of 6 people were responsible for network integration of FDD LTE and CDMA systems. Education M.S in Computer Science Florida State University December 2014 B.Tech in Electronics & Communication Kurukshetra University - Kurukshetra, Haryana August 2010 Skills Apache cassandra, Cassandra, Splunk, Ipsec, Juniper, Ssl, Wireshark, Application layer, Vm, Vmware, Apache, Linux, Encryption, Firewalls, Networking, Iaas, Python, Bash, Database, Database systems Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/ankitsethi207 Certifications/Licenses AWS Certified Solutions Architect --Associate December 2018 to December 2020 Additional Information Skills    Platforms: Microsoft Windows, Linux (CentOS, Fedora,  Debian)  Security Skills: ACL's, VPC's, IPSec, GRE, SSL/TLS encryption    Security Devices: F5 BIG-IP LTM/GTM(Firewall/Load Balancer), Juniper: vSRX and SRX-5800, 5600, NG Palo Alto Firewalls VM-300, PA 5000 and 3000 series    Virtual Networking/Cloud Platforms -AWS Certified Solutions Architect Associate, RedHat IAAS Certified, ESXI, VMware vSphere  Juniper MX960 and MX240, Juniper ACX 2200, Affirmed Networks  Log Analysis: Wireshark  Network and Monitoring tools: IXIA, Spirent, Extra hop, Splunk  Wireless: LTE, VOLTE call flows    Programming languages- Python, Bash  Database Systems: Apache Cassandra  Networking Protocols: Routing, Application layer protocols
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\13.html#335:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Pl/sql;Sql;Rman;Shell scripting;Scripting:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - TeyeMatics Inc Rosedale, MD Accomplished Oracle Database Administrator (DBA) with expertise in data security, performance tuning, crisis management, and high availability. Use latest Oracle database technologies to increase reliability, maximize productivity in a fast-paced environment, and introduce system efficiencies supporting next-generation database solutions in oracle database enterprise. Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator TeyeMatics Inc - Baltimore, MD September 2017 to Present Support a larger production database; play a supporting-lead role in enterprise-wide database optimization and instance and resource monitoring. Perform root cause analysis on failures. Resolve performance tuning related issues, reports, and queries. Work actively on 11g and 12c features such as AWR, ADDM, and ASH for performance statistics collection, and fine tuning database wait events. Provide on-call support for enterprise databases. Migrate an eleven-terabyte production database from 11gR2 stand-alone to a 2 node RAC on 12c.  Key Responsibilities:  • Started and managed biweekly optimization meetings with enterprise user groups to address and resolve performance-related issues with a high degree of success.  • Installed 11.2.0.4 and upgraded databases from 11.2.0.3 to 11.2.0.4.  • Performed Schema, Table, Database refresh using DataPump utility.  • Improved performance in daily transactions by identifying and reorganizing index on major tables.  • Performed migration from 11gR2 to 12c.  • Creating & managing database structures, Storage Allocations, and database access for added security.  • Responsible for the design, development, implementation and maintenance of enterprise database management systems.  • Developed and tested DBMS disaster recovery concepts for large operational database, delivering solution that guaranteed recovery performance and high availability  • Proactively work on capacity planning in terms of memory and disk usage, establishing benchmarks for business and technical performance.  • Performed SQL tuning with reports generated from SQL Trace, ASH, Explain Plan.  • Installed, configured and managed multiple 11GR2 2/4 node RAC for maximum availability.  • Configure Transparent Data Encryption (TDE) on Oracle 12c (Data level encryption).  • Apply quarterly Oracle PSU patch to both CDB and PDB databases using data patch.  • Planned and implemented Oracle 11g, 12c Standby Databases (Data Guard) for High availability and Disaster Recovery (DR). Oracle Database Administrator Fanakel Business Solutions August 2015 to June 2016 June 2016 - August 2015  Oracle Database Administrator  Set up new databases and provided all database-related support for the production as well as test databases for different markets. Performed space estimation and calculation, application installation, performance/memory tuning, server/ database monitoring, configuration, and troubleshooting. Provided design input and interacted with the design team on the best database practices. Evaluated server/instance architecture, hardware, system specifications, and capacity planning. Managed, trained, and mentored staffs.  Key Responsibilities:  • Provide Oracle database administrative support to various user groups (application developers, data managers etc.); create and maintain Oracle database objects (schemas, tables, indexes etc.).  • Identified and recovered corrupted Database blocks using Block recover option in RMAN utility.  • Tuned database objects to run smoothly by analyzing query paths (creating explain path tables) and using efficient indexing.  • Perform capacity planning in terms of memory and disk usage, establishing benchmarks for business and technical performance.  • Created and rebuilt indexes when necessary; created and tuned various materialized views  • Used explain plan, AWR, ADDM and various Oracle Advisors to tune the database  • Resolved various complex issues within the database. Corrupted datafiles, tns and listener connection issues.  • Worked closely with developers and the DBA team to create Tablespace, Tables, indexes and other database Objects.  • Administered database user accounts. Created, modified and deactivated user accounts; assigned and monitored user access rights.  Environment: Oracle 10g/11g, Oracle Real Application Cluster (RAC) on Unix, Linux and Windows Education Bachelor of Technology in Applied Geophysics in Applied Geophysics Federal University of Technology October 2010 Skills Pl/sql, Sql, Rman, Shell scripting, Scripting Additional Information Technical Skills    Tools: SQL*Plus, EM, Grid Control, SQL*Loader, RMAN, Tracing, StatsPack, Explain-Plan, ASM Grid Control, AWR, Scheduler, PL/SQL, Crontab, Data Pump, Shell Scripting, ASH, TOAD, SQL Developer, IBM Clear Case/Quest.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\130.html#336:::Oracle DBA;Database Administrator;Database Administrator:::Oracle DBA Oracle DBA Oracle DBA - RMA Bowie, MD Talented Oracle DBA with around 3+ years of IT experience seeking a position as an Oracle DBA with an established, technology-driven organization that allows for the utilization of my acquired skills set to contribute to the success of the business. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle DBA RMA - Washington, DC May 2016 to Present • Configure Oracle network files LISTENER.ORA and TNSNAMES.ORA to facilitate Application as well as developer connections.  • Create various database objects, i.e. tables, views, indexes, segments, and tablespaces to assist development team in Code deployment.  • Responsible for Appling quarterly CPUs/PSU via Opatch utilities.  • Enforce and maintain integrity constraints to ensure database integrity and enforce business rules.  • Perform nightly logical backup via EXPDP to supplemental physical RMAN backups.  • Use SQL*LOADER as an ETL tool to load external files to the database.  • Use CRONTAB on OS level and DBMS_SCHEDULER in database to schedule monitoring jobs as well as other database related tasks.  • Perform SQL tuning by utilizing EXPLAIN PLAN, AUTOTRACE and SQL Tuning advisor to reduce overall cost to CPU to avoid wait or lock contentions.  • Develop backup strategy employing RMAN Incremental Level 0 and Level 1 concepts to optimize and efficiently perform nightly HOT backups  • Analyze AWR and ADDM reports to troubleshoot overall workload issues degrading database performance.  • Responsible for capacity planning: OS storage allocation for future prospects.  • In charge of allocating ASM storage by adding and removing disk on a need basis and setting appropriate Power for Rebalancing Database Administrator Favorite Healthcare Staffing - Washington, DC November 2015 to March 2016 • Responded quickly and effectively to production & development issues and taking responsibility for seeing those issues through resolution.  • Monitored the performance and tuning of the database servers.  • Supported management and maintenance of back-ups & recovery procedures.  • Resolved RAC related issues by means of SRVCTL and CRSCTL utilities to fully identify problems with cluster resources.  • Coordinated with cross-functional teams completing several database projects within tight timelines.  • Monitored, troubleshoot and optimized database performance, SQL tuning, and responsible for logical/physical design of database.  • Responsible for day-to-day Operational support and maintenance of mission critical OLTP databases.  • Documentation of activities, environments, results and client interaction to improve future replication process. Database Administrator Washington Adventist Hospital - Takoma Park, MD January 2013 to October 2015 • Developed shell scripts to automate nightly logical backup of production database for routine refresh of application schema using Oracle DataPump utility.    • Provide support to development team in resolving access issues as well as understanding Oracle database concepts.    • Carry out database performance tuning by employing Oracle tools such as AWR, SQL Tuning advisor, and collecting database metrics.    • Schedule weekly and nightly RMAN Incremental backups through CRON.    • Assisted in resolving issues with backend database stored procedures needed by end-user facing applications.    • Resolved performance issue on STANDARD EDITION of database using traditional utilities.    • Work in a 24x7 Production environment and provide on-call and day-day support.    • Research and analyze new technologies and providing input to improve efficiency of the organization.    REFERENECES:  Available upon Request Education Howard University - Washington, DC January 2010 to May 2012 Bowie State University - Bowie, MD August 2008 to December 2009 Certifications/Licenses Oracle Certified Associate July 2016 to Present Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    • RDBMS: Oracle and MySQL  • SQL*Loader, SQL Developer and Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM  • RMAN, EXPDP/IMPDP  • ASM, SRVCTL, CRSCTL  • Oracle Flashback Technology  • Languages: PLSQL/SQL, SHELL, BATCH  • Microsoft Office Suite, LibreOffice Suite  • OS Utilities: TOP, VMSTAT, CRON, IOSTAT, TASK SCHEDULER, TOAD  • OS: Windows Server, Linux(RHEL)/UNIX (Solaris)
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1300.html#337:::AML Model and Analytics;Data Analyst;Data Analyst;Supply Chain Analyst;Database Administrator;Oracle;Sql;Datameer;Cognos;Sas;Tableau;Hive;Python;Jcl;Mainframe;Microsoft office;Business Intelligence;testing;access;Excel;MS Office;Powerpoint:::AML Model and Analytics AML Model and Analytics Data Analyst Sugar Land, TX Work Experience AML Model and Analytics Scotiabank - Toronto, ON 2017 to Present Toronto, Canada  AML Risk Model and Analytics 2017-present  * Develop and enhance AML/ATF out of box models in support bank's AML/ATF activity, data acquisition from big data, relational database, ETL, CDE data model for Transaction Monitoring  * Migrate and re-design AML/ATF model from decommission system, implement, tuning thresholds, analyzing various alert metrics (ATL and BTL) and optimizing threshold sets  * Evaluate statistical models in cases where models cannot be developed from existing data. Test and analyze thresholds, ranges and solution configurations to improve the effectiveness of monitoring and screening solutions  * Cluster analysis for high risk geographic transaction, provide constructive recommendation in high risk country and very high risk country list to optimize model performance, decrease alert generated  * Design model performance report for executive management and regulation, evolve model documentation framework Data Analyst 2014 to 2017 Business Planning and Analysis 2014-2017  * Provided analyses for Primary Customer Growth Strategy; verified Primary Customer Definition with data analysis; make recommendations on how to improve Primary definition and customer experience; revise logic of how to better identify customer transactions  * Worked in Agile digital factory rapid lab environment re-design department Tableau Dashboard visualize Acquisition metrics through mobile/digital/branch channels  * As product owner, directed the Statement Digitalization Rapid-Lab of credit cards and unsecured lending and successfully guided the implementation of Paperless Model  * Collaborated with the Products and Marketing team to assess opportunities in cross sell, customer life cycle management, and measure KPI of post campaigns, digital marketing performance, operational processes and central marketing practices to provide best solution to business  * Designed and programmed 90% department ad hoc MIS, KPI dashboards and matrix supporting department through product profitability analysis at the product design, pricing change, portfolio understanding and customer level analysis on different dimensions  * Developed data model to provide strategic revenue (NIR) and product profit analysis, applying business strategies to analyze portfolio performance to support executive decision making and drive the Day to Day Banking and Emerging Payments business Data Analyst Canada Technology Company - Toronto, ON 2012 to 2013 * Cleaned and analyzed internal and external data stored from various database SQLserver, Oracle and extensive format files  * Analyzing business user requirement, understand project objective, business scope and executed project plan, support sales policy by developing data analysis  * Performed data mapping, QC, KPI validation and numeric measure reconcile, utilized data step, SAS SQL, proc means, proc freq, proc summary, proc univariate and Macros, understood data structure and improved with data warehouse, report includes KPI, churn rate, ad-hoc survey analytic results  * Conducted ad-hoc requests as determined by stakeholders, visualized reports Supply Chain Analyst KIK Customer Products - Toronto, ON 2008 to 2010 * ETL supply chain data from data warehouse, conducted inventory data analysis based on different criteria, conduct query for discrepancy and finance purpose analysis, raw material, finished goods, use up and aging inventory analyze in MS Excel and Access utilizing vlookup, pivot table, countifs, sumifs and other formulas and functions  * Divisional inventory monthly end report, finish goods, SLOB analysis in Excel using functions, formulas and bar, column, pie chart  * Analyzed vender performance report, rejected material report, inventory management report and plant finished goods report, cycle count to ensure inventory discrepancies are corrected with appropriate transaction type and reason code, track SOP flow chart  * Performed Projected Production demand, routine aging, obsolete article check, circle count and inventory disposal authorization, liability identification Database Administrator Federal Reserve, Information Technology - Richmond, VA 2006 to 2008 * Installed, upgraded and configured Oracle 10g and 11g on Unix/Linux server, created database tables as per customer requirement and table dependencies such as indexes, stored procedures, functions, packages, views, materialized views  * Performed various DBA maintenance tasks such as rebuilding indexes, validating constraints, reorganizing tables using command  * Installed and verified the database software on the database server, planned and scheduled software installation  * Applied scheduled patches on servers, upgraded Oracle server and application tools, maintained the software at the latest stable release, tested and verified the installed components, assisted in server virtualization  * Used RMAN to perform database recoveries when necessary, Applied Oracle Critical Patch Update (CPU) patches on databases in need, managed Archive logs and Redo logs Education M.S. in Information Systems Virginia Commonwealth University 2007 B.S. in Economics Shanghai University of International Business and Economics 2003 Skills Oracle, Sql, Datameer, Cognos, Sas, Tableau, Hive, Python, Jcl, Mainframe, Microsoft office, Business Intelligence, testing, access, Excel, MS Office, Powerpoint Additional Information * 10+ years' experience in data manipulation, analysis  * Extensive knowledge across retail banking product and technology landscape  * Proficient in programming, reporting and visualization data  * Solid knowledge in retail banking and AML/ATF  * Detail and result-oriented, self-motivated and excellent communication skill, work well independently and a team player    TECHNICAL SKILLS  SQL, Python, SAS, Oracle Mantas, Hive, Tableau, Angoss, Mainframe JCL, Microsoft Office, Cognos, Datameer
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1301.html#338:::Senior Database Administrator/Developer, Business Operations;SQL Database Developer, Shareholder Services;Software Engineer;Data Architect And Data Analyst;Freelance SQL & Database Developer:::Senior Database Administrator/Developer, Business Operations Senior <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span>/Developer, Business Operations Senior Database Administrator/Developer, Business Operations - EMC Newton, MA • Loaded more than 200 databases per week at Dell EMC, ensuring the data loaded accurately and completely.  • Automated comparisons of Salesforce data with manually entered data to speed up analysts' workflow 1000% • Supported more than 50 representatives while at EMC, including database backups, software development, support, and implementation.  • Created a "go to" Tableau reporting display for sales for EMC, including month to date, year to date. TSQL and Sql Server used.  • Automated partner adjustments process, saving 6 accountants many months of work.  • Converted data for analysis by Mutual Funds Department for use in a campaign from a server to a desktop database environment at Fidelity Investments, netting the company more than $5 million. Work Experience Senior Database Administrator/Developer, Business Operations EMC - Franklin, MA April 2018 to Present Responsibilities • Supported more than 50 representatives, including backups, software development, data modeling, support, and implementation. Tableau administrator for group.  • Salesforce and SQL Server: Created downloads from Salesforce to feed a daily reporting database, sending reports out to many reps. Attained a Federal clearance to enable access to the Federal side of Salesforce, enabling qualified users to attain Federal reports.  • Developed a 24-hour, totally automated system, using the SQL Server ETL tool (SSIS) and TSQL as a "one-stop shop, " to track deal progress. Tableau dashboard published to server and data modeling.  • SME (Subject Matter Expert) on deal discounting universe in SAP Business objects. I created several daily reports for users and made decisions on data modeling in that SAP "universe".  • Established a more efficient method of discounting deals by converting to database from spreadsheets method of deal negotiation, increasing workflow efficiency by 100%, using Oracle 11g, PL/SQL, SQL Developer. Reporting by Tableau.  • Designed a new Data Pump to supply data continuously to a global dashboard, to display deal progress to partners using ETL (SSIS SQL Server Integration services). SQL Server 2016.C# Visual Studio.  • Designed reports in tableau, with data visualization, using information from Salesforce.  • Designed a datamart for the Partner Support Center using SQL Server. SQL Database Developer, Shareholder Services Grantham, Mayo, Van Otterloo and Co - Boston, MA March 2016 to April 2018 Responsibilities • Streamlined workflow to handle wire transmissions in and out of the company, increasing efficiency by 300%.  • Created an automated writer to send information to trading desks via spreadsheets, summing dollars from trade desks and enabling the design of an automated writer system.  • C# used in SQL Server and data modeling.  • Added features to detect tampering or changes to trade-desk-bound spreadsheets to enhance security. Software Engineer Fidelity Investments - Boston, MA February 2014 to March 2016 Responsibilities • Converted data for analysis by Mutual Funds Department's mainframe computer for use in a campaign to Oracle, using PL/SQL to support a sales campaign, netting the company more than $5 million.  • Worked in the Call Center for US, creating a tracking program for reps utilizing SQL Server, placing info on sharepoint for managers.  • Created an automated "spreadsheet crawler" reading thousands of spreadsheets, converting retirement analytics to a database environment, and prompting the company to advertise a person's aspects for retirement, which is still shown on TV as an ad.  • Automated the tax withholding process to "read" tax return documents. Data Architect And Data Analyst John Hancock Financial Services - Boston, MA January 2012 to February 2014 Responsibilities • Simplified the complicated process of pricing property through the use of a simple and intuitive graphical user interface.  • Created the industry's first integrated 50 year discounted cash flow model with database system including custom reporting. All acquisitions and owned properties ($6 billion dollars) assessed with this model. Over fifty users. Freelance SQL & Database Developer February 2011 to January 2012 Responsibilities • Partnering with high net-worth Amazon Sellers to create databases to handle their inventory and forecasting systems across the US.  • Downloaded csv files, data modeled SQL Server databases, loaded the databases. Collected sales with times for product. Over time, projected expected sales to prompt reorders on a timely basis.  • Created a model to take into account reorder wait times and sales.  • Tableau reports utilized to display reports. Education Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering Tufts University - Medford, MA
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1302.html#339:::FREELANCE;NATIONAL MARKETING DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR;PRODUCT SPECIALIST;MARKETING DATA RESOURCE MANAGER;Marketing;Marketing automation;Ms sql server;Sql server;Sql;Optimization;Html;Training;Excel:::FREELANCE FREELANCE FREELANCE - Email Marketing Campaign Administration New York, NY Work Experience FREELANCE Email Marketing Campaign Administration - New York, NY 2015 to Present SALESFORCE ADMINISTRATOR & MARKETING STRATEGIST  • Salesforce Administration & Project Management  Develop end-to-end org design and program all configuration required including:  ? Complete data maps, data dictionaries, optimized GUIs, workflows, process builder automation, validation rules, role/profile security, reports and dashboards, and integrations by inventorying legacy configurations, eliciting end-  user feedback, designing use-cases, employing wireframes and tools for automated user testing, and collaborating  with/managing Developer and Architect resources when necessary.  ? Create holistic end-user training programs including new hire onboarding protocols, train-the-trainer resources, detailed written org documentation, self-paced and gameified online courses, in-person workshops, and webinars.  • Email Marketing Campaign Administration  ? Implement Pardot, Marketing Cloud, and HubSpot instances.  ? Develop processes to manage and automate email marketing campaign execution and optimization through deliverability testing, A/B & Multivariate testing, data quality maintenance, event monitoring, and reporting.  ? Create lead nurturing campaigns to shorten sales and support cycles by working closely with key stakeholders and management in Sales & Marketing - develop buyer personas and customer journeys to engage and re-engage  audiences in a timely manner for optimal impact.  • Digital Marketing Strategy  ? Construct and implement lead scoring methodology that incorporates multichannel prospect activity.  ? Integrate social media and event management tools with CRM and marketing automation platforms.  ? Develop content marketing calendars and create original content for multichannel marketing campaigns, including  social media (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, LinkedIn), paid advertising campaigns, and blogs and press releases. NATIONAL MARKETING DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR THE SEGAL GROUP - New York, NY 2011 to 2015 Implemented Salesforce Sales Cloud and Pardot. Created user documentation and training protocol for company-wide  rollout, lead regional trainings for initial users.  • Responsible for all aspects of administration connected with the use, expansion, and maintenance of CRM and marketing automation platforms.  • Executed all timely digital marketing campaigns including segmentation, scheduling, and delivery of 9 regular weekly  email campaigns for publication distribution to over 28,000 subscribers.  • Directed Win/Loss Analytics program: tracked an average of 450 RFP responses annually, monitored capture of competitive intelligence, ordered 100 Win/Loss Interviews yearly and aggregated data, conducted detailed analysis and  produced comprehensive semi-annual reports and presentations. PRODUCT SPECIALIST VERISK ANALYTICS - Jersey City, NJ 2011 to 2011 Monitored and analyzed Section 111 query and quarterly reporting for over 3,000 insured groups and managed  transmission to the Center for Medicaid Services.  • Investigated and analyzed claims data using SQL, MS Excel, and custom programs to identify quality issues and troubleshoot transmission errors. MARKETING DATA RESOURCE MANAGER TARGET 250 INC - Morristown, NJ 2009 to 2011 • Managed international staff consisting of 5 reports and freelance contractors as needed.  • Defined and protected data quality standards; preserved data integrity through validation, normalization, duplicate  identification, clustering, and merge/purge processes. Education Bachelor of Arts in Visual Art RAMAPO COLLEGE OF NEW JERSEY - Mahwah, NJ 2009 Associate of Fine Arts in Visual Art COUNTY COLLEGE OF MORRIS - Township of Randolph, NJ 2007 Skills Marketing, Marketing automation, Ms sql server, Sql server, Sql, Optimization, Html, Training, Excel Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/cassidyhelmken Additional Information SKILLS    • Excel Ninja  • Training & Development  • Email Marketing  • Basic HTML  • Salesforce Administration  • Win/Loss Analytics  • Business Process Optimization  • SQL & MS SQL Server  • Project Management  • Marketing Automation  • A/B & Multivariate Testing  • Multichannel Marketing
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1303.html#340:::Full Stack Developer/IT;Word press and Drupal Developer;Application Developer;Database Administrator:::Full Stack Developer/IT Full Stack Developer/IT Full Stack Developer/IT - WSD INC Citrus Heights, CA Obtain opportunity to work in a highly professional and competitive environment, which will utilize my knowledge and experience. Further develop my technical skills.    Skills and Knowledge:  • Database Transformation Services (Design, Development, Deployment and Administration)  • Installation, configuration, upgrade, optimization, and maintenance of MSSQL Server  • Knowledge and experience in all stages of the System Development Life Cycle, T-SQL.  • Databases: MS SQL Server, MySQL, MS Access, SAP HANA  • Programming: C#, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, ASP, VB, ASP.NET  • Reporting and BI Tools: Crystal Report, Power BI, MS Excel  • Window Server 2012 - Active Directory Directory Services  • CMS: Wordpress, Drupal, MagicEdit, Shopify  • Graphic Design Software: Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, In Design.  • Others: Sage 50 Us, MIsys Manufacturing, SAP B1 Work Experience Full Stack Developer/IT WSD INC - Placerville, CA May 2014 to Present • Developed PDM, CRM and SCM systems using C# and SQL server.  • Design, develop, test, support and deploy desktop, custom web, and mobile applications.  • Gather customer software requirements and develop related software applications and programs.  • Research and evaluate software related technologies and products.  • Develop and write code that meets customer requirements.  • Utilized C#, .NET, PHP, SQL and MySQL Server environment.  • Created complex reports and charts using Crystal Report.  • Create software documentation and update existing documentation.  • Design, develop and implement critical applications in a PHP and .Net environment.  • Integrate Desktop Applications with Web Applications.  • Developed Customer Portal, Tire Database and Search tool.  • Manage Window Server 2012 - Active Directory Services.  • Lead and Manage implementation of SAP B1 in AWS environment.  • Implemented MRP Software  • Managing MSSQL Server, MYSQL and SAP Hana Databases  • Lead Network Infrastructure Development projects Word press and Drupal Developer PIS - Sacramento, CA May 2013 to April 2014 • Configure and maintain Apache and PHP programming atmosphere.  • Establish, maintain and optimize SQL Server databases.  • Maintain and improve backup as well as recovery strategy.  • Maintain and manage general network setup.  • Improve and maintain all current PHP programming systems.  • Support establishing scope of work along with timelines for different technology projects.  • Conduct code evaluation and recommend software adaptation.  • Execute data preparation along with clean-up. Application Developer Nu Digital Marketing Agency - Roseville, CA March 2012 to April 2013 • Develop appropriate code structures to solve specific tasks.  • Assist and support in the upkeep and maintenance of web sites.  • Initiate periodic testing and implement contingency plans in case of systems failure.  • Fix bugs, troubleshoot and resolve problems.  • HTML & CSS coding, image editing, basic SEO and analytics reporting.  • Editing and preparation of videos for the web.  • Produced marketing communication materials including advertisements, coupons, brochures, direct mailers, posters, product packaging and trade show displays.  • Created multimedia presentations and training guides. Database Administrator ANYPOL Limited July 2009 to February 2011 • Installed SQL Server 2005-2008 and applied Service Packs and hot fixes on production, development and backup servers.  • Designed the migration strategy, test plans and scripts to verify data and migrated databases from SQL Server 2000 to SQL Server 2005-2008.  • Planned, designed and implemented application database code objects, such as stored procedures, triggers, cursors, tables, views, joins and statements for applications.  • Implemented techniques like backups, restore, clustering, replication, Log Shipping and DB Mirroring.  • Implemented performance tuning by implementing suitable optimizations and appropriate indexes and keys.  • Used System monitor, event log viewer, SQL profiler, SQL analyzer to monitor and tune the performance of SQL server.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1304.html#341:::Systems Engineer - Systems Administrator;Desktop Support Administration;Warehouse Database Manager;NAS;SERVER VIRTUALIZATION;VIRTUALIZATION;NFS;HYPER-V;System Administrator;Active Directory;Linux;Linux Administrator;System Admin;Vmware;Redhat:::Systems Engineer - Systems Administrator Systems Engineer - Systems <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Systems Engineer - Systems Administrator - R-Associates Inc Houston, TX Work Experience Systems Engineer - Systems Administrator R-Associates Inc January 2015 to Present •Built global environments in accordance with best practices.  •Maintained operations by providing backup support.  •Client facing consulting by providing presales support and implementation during business delivery commitments.  •Implemented workstations and servers in pre-existing and new environments.  •Managed multiple Active Directory servers for clients.  •Deployed network infrastructure across multiple platforms of switches. •Manage NAS and SAN storage systems using various vendors.  •Migrated on premise deployments to cloud managed solutions.  •Manage virtual environments and provided best practice for DR sites. •Deploy and manage security software.  •HPC Cluster Deployment.  •Deploy and Manage Windows and Linux Server environments.  •IT infrastructure assessments  •Monitor hardware health status using remote software. Desktop Support Administration BHL International September 2012 to January 2015 •Provide support for the company's users and software  •Deployed OS images and migrations from various versions.  •Managed all Active Directory users.  •Deployed and managed NAS storage and shares.  •Deployed new, and decommissioned old, hardware using best practices. Warehouse Database Manager Southeast Texas Industries - Southeast, Texas, US August 2011 to September 2012 •Maintained node software and hardware.  •Deployed software installations and managed licensing.  •Compiled inventory data and reported any inconsistencies to proper department Education Associate of Applied Science in Computer Network Engineering ITT Technical Institute 2013 to 2015 Skills NAS, SERVER VIRTUALIZATION, VIRTUALIZATION, NFS, HYPER-V, System Administrator, Active Directory, Linux, Linux Administrator, System Admin, Vmware, Redhat Additional Information Key Skills  Configuration & Troubleshooting - Installation & Maintenance Monitoring - Security - Technical Support - Cluster Management Analytical Skills - Security Solutions -Server Virtualization    Technologies  Supermicro - HP - Dell - Infortrend - Managed Switches SonicWall - Windows Server 12/16 - Hyper-V - Windows 7/8/10 - Office365 - NAS - SAN - RAID - CentOS - RedHat - Ubuntu - NFS - Backup - Disaster Recovery - WSUS - Server Virtualization -QNAP
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1305.html#342:::Project Coordinator;Client Success Manager/Account Manager;Biotechnologist (Downstream);Wordpress SEO Specialist;Database Administrator;Account Magement (3 years);Project Management (2 years);Customer Relationship Management (4 years);Contract Negotiation (3 years);MS Project (1 year);MS Office (8 years);Project Coordination (2 years);Business Development (3 years);Scheduling;Excel;Outlook;accounting;Microsoft Office:::Project Coordinator Project Coordinator Project Coordinator Hollis, NH I have over 8 years of experience with various business processes, documentation, project facilitation, and project coordination/management. Most recently at Pattern, Inc. I was responsible for coordinating projects using traditional project management methods to ensure value was consistently delivered to customers. I was also responsible for engaging project stakeholders in bi-weekly project reviews to keep clients informed as well as received feedback and insight about project phases, potential changes, and related questions. Regular communication resulted in my peers’ (engineers) ability to quickly adapt to any change in the project's scope, schedule, and/or cost. Project execution was focused on providing an excellent level of customer service and support, ensuring organized documentation and tracking of our former, current, and prospective client relationships with Salesforce. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Coordinator Pattern, Inc November 2016 to April 2017 Here is an overview of some of my relevant experience:  • Scheduled, facilitated, and participated in meetings with current and prospective clients  • Held meetings with internal project team(s) and external stakeholders in which project scope, schedule, and budget were reviewed/discussed  • Ensured projects remained on schedule and updated stakeholders as soon as possible if and delays in deliverables were anticipated  • Created, tracked, and updated projects using both traditional project management and Agile methodologies  • Created and reviewed NDAs, SOWs, MSAs, etc. before being sent and upon completion  • Documented, organized, and maintained internal and external financial forms Client Success Manager/Account Manager Pattern, Inc July 2015 to November 2016 Here is an overview of some of my relevant experience:  • Maximized contract revenue through rigorous negotiations regarding the project scope, necessary resources, and required deliverables  • Integral member of cross-functional teams focused on lean development and product delivery  • Primary customer contact responsible for managing the entirety of the sales cycle, from surveying and inquiries to product/service delivery  • Supported clientele through the various phases of the product delivery process using Agile methods described in respective contracts  • Ensure customer satisfaction following product/Service (Software Development, Managed Services, SaaS) delivery - i.e. acted as a liaison between engineer(s) and client to ensure all contract criteria was met and/or exceeded upon closing  • Maintained communication with previous clients to help drive future business Biotechnologist (Downstream) Lonza Biologics Inc - Portsmouth, NH February 2013 to August 2015 Here is an overview of some of my relevant experience:  • Ensured constant and open communication between all production departments to maintain process fluidity  • Developed Gantt chart to track and coordinate product schedule and needs across multiple departments  • Trained, explained, and educated employees on good manufacturing practices and process flows  • Participated in morning stand-up meetings to coordinate department activities, communicate daily needs, and ensure the most efficient processes were in place to maintain scheduled deadlines Wordpress SEO Specialist Praxius Technology LLC December 2010 to April 2012 Here is an overview of some of my relevant experience while also attending university:  • Suggested, implemented, and improved business processes as to streamline projects  • Served as primary point of contact for customers for site adjustments  • Gathered requirements from clients and communicated them to software engineers/developers  • QA client sites ensuring client requirements were fulfilled and no errors were made before delivering final product  • Assisted in designing and developing Wordpress sites and templates  • Adapted quickly and effectively to customer requests and executed changes as necessary  • Delivered outstanding customer service to real estate agents and mortgage loan officers  • Advanced proficiency in search engine optimization of Wordpress blogs (organic first page hit on Google) Database Administrator Virtual Homes Real Estate LLC June 2009 to April 2012 Here is an overview of some of my relevant experience while also attending university:  • Elicited information from Realtors and modified databases to support real estate agents in effective day to day operations  • Analyzed market statistics to aid in discovering potential market trends  • Assisted in procedure changes to improve process flows and increase process efficiency  • Documented and adjusted procedures to ensure comprehensive process replication methods  • Managed databases and communicated with software engineers regarding potential database updates  • Collaborated with Realtors to add, update, and remove online listings and information Education BS in Management University of New Hampshire 2009 to 2012 Skills Account Magement (3 years), Project Management (2 years), Customer Relationship Management (4 years), Contract Negotiation (3 years), MS Project (1 year), MS Office (8 years), Project Coordination (2 years), Business Development (3 years), Scheduling, Excel, Outlook, accounting, Microsoft Office
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1306.html#343:::Paralegal;Contracts Manager/Legal Assistant;Contract Coordinator/ Database Administrator;Legal Secretary;Legal Assistant;Office Associate;Contracts;Westlaw;Filing;Records management;Billing;Excel;Ms excel;Ms outlook;Outlook;Ms powerpoint;Powerpoint;Ms word;Word;Collections:::Paralegal Paralegal Paralegal Dallas, TX Paralegal offering an extensive legal skill set, proficiency in managing large caseloads, and capacity to meet deadlines. Former military wife looking to put personal and professional roots down in Dallas Metroplex. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Paralegal The Beneficient Company Group - Dallas, TX March 2018 to Present In-house position - Financial Services  • Acted as liaison between Outside legal Counsel, transfer agent and the Company, specifically international subsidiaries and our in-country Outside Counsel  • Drafted consents, litigation Board documents, certificates, notices, and agreements  • Implemented and maintained contract database and overhaul of legal filing system  • Managed corporate governance controls and specifically incorporated additional restrictions as deemed necessary  • Managed Board of Directors project team during quarterly production of board and committee materials  • Used online databases, such as Westlaw, and print resources to examine secondary sources, statutory law, case law and federal and state regulations Contracts Manager/Legal Assistant Penhall Company - Irving, TX October 2017 to March 2018 In-house position - Construction  [Left company after the unexpected resignation of numerous executives]  Responsible for contract management, document control, and administration by company policies, legal requirements, and owner specifications.  • Collaborated with coworkers to optimize contracting methods to promote higher efficiency  • Composed new processes and procedures to streamline contract operations during departmental downsizing and work volume increases  • Established ambitious goals for employees to promote achievement and surpass business targets  • Managed subcontract administration and compliance and coordinated contract closeouts  • Provided updates on the status of contract processes to upper management and other relevant personnel  • Strengthened documentation traceability, developing organizational systems for contracts, records, reports, and agendas Contract Coordinator/ Database Administrator Ochsner Health System - New Orleans, LA September 2016 to December 2017 In-house position - Healthcare  [Relocated to be closer to family]  Maintained spreadsheets and collected, tracked, prepared, compiled, and distributed statistical data for daily and monthly reports.  • Developed and implemented security initiatives to protect valuable company data  • Maintained and updated on a routine basis the contract organization's databases  • Monitored and managed dual email accounts, documenting all communication concerning each contract ensuring each electronic and hardcopy file is current and updated  • Served as the systems administrator for online contract database for the entire corporation  • Spearheaded the cleanup of backlogged and archived contracts, emails, and document processing  • Specified user access levels for each database segment to protect database integrity and company information Legal Secretary Swanson, Martin & Bell, LLP - Chicago, IL May 2015 to April 2016 Law Firm - Product Liability, Insurance Defense & Civil Litigation  [Relocated to be closer to family]  Legal Secretary to three associate attorneys in the areas of Medical Negligence and Healthcare and Product Liability.  • Drafted and proofread time-sensitive answers, subpoenas, complaints, discovery, and motions for various matters and filing same with Court  • Mailed and arranged for delivery of legal correspondence to clients, witnesses and court officials  • Maintained master calendar for client appointments and court appearances  • Monitored and recorded client billings  • Responsible for filing all pleadings, motions, and litigation materials with the court Legal Assistant Wilson & Associates, PLLC - Little Rock, AR September 2012 to January 2015 Law Firm - Real Estate and Mortgage Banking  [Relocated to be closer to family]  Managed the Loss Mitigation process for Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, USDA, VA, FHA, and private loans in active bankruptcy within Home Lending.  • Consult clients on Title and Conveyance search findings to process Deed in Lieu  • Coordinate Senior Lien sales dates with clients, attorneys, and third-party vendors  • Draft Deeds and Release of liens to complete the Deed in Lieu files for clients  • Identify Lien Priority based on title abstracts, Circuit Court Case Search, and outside counsel  • Monitor and review HUD-1/Settlement statements between the title company and client  • Research Land Records, Circuit Court Case Search and title abstracts to update vendors and clients Office Associate Firefly Legal, Inc - Mokena, IL July 2009 to September 2012 In-house position - Process Serving  [Relocated due to military reassignment]  • Collected and reviewed Affidavits/Worksheets received from our process servers and vendors for proper information  • E-filed Affidavits online to the appropriate counties as well as follow up on them to make sure all Affidavits were accepted. Sent Affidavits and Invoices back to clients  • Manage incoming client or internal associate inquiries in the assigned group inbox promptly; uses judgment to prioritize requests appropriately according to greatest urgency, significance, etc  • Managed the tracking of files  • Responsible for following up on receiving Affidavits/Worksheets from process servers and vendors  • Reviewed the overall sufficiency and completeness of the information contained in the system for closed files    Additional non-relevant work history available upon request Education Master of Legal Studies in Legal Pepperdine School of Law - Malibu, CA May 2019 to Present Bachelor's in Paralegal Studies Purdue University Global - Indianapolis, IN July 2013 to August 2017 Skills Contracts, Westlaw, Filing, Records management, Billing, Excel, Ms excel, Ms outlook, Outlook, Ms powerpoint, Powerpoint, Ms word, Word, Collections Additional Information SKILLS  • MS Word 2016 & 365 - Advanced  • MS PowerPoint 2016 & 365 - Intermediate  • MS Excel 2016 & 365 - Intermediate  • MS Outlook 2016 & 365 - Advanced  • LexisNexis, Westlaw, Bloomberg Law    • E-filing/Records Management  • Office & Court Procedures  • Billing & Collections  • Motions, Contracts & Agreements  • Notary for the State of Texas
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1307.html#344:::Database Consultant;Database Consultant;Development and Salesforce Consultant;Administrative Coordinator;Development Associate;Crm;Excel;Powerpoint;Word;Photoshop;Marketing;Indesign;Wordpress;Quickbooks:::Database Consultant <span class="hl">Database</span> Consultant Database Consultant - Project Sunshine Brooklyn, NY Work Experience Database Consultant Project Sunshine - New York, NY November 2018 to Present Integrated and maintained new APIs such as FormAssembly, Pardot, and iMessenger to staff  Designed, setup and maintained Salesforce standard objects, custom objects and junction objects, while also structuring user roles, security profiles and workflow rules Database Consultant Children of Promise - Brooklyn, NY June 2019 to August 2019 Integrated new APIs such as SyncApps, DonorBox, and FormAssembly  Performed user & administration training sessions for clients to utilize Salesforce for the Development Department Development and Salesforce Consultant Free Arts - New York, NY February 2018 to January 2019 Migrated data from E-Tapestry to Salesforce while integrating APIs such as Classy and MailChimp  Manipulated data using DataLoader in order to reconcile gifts with the Fiscal  Department on monthly basis Administrative Coordinator New York Zen Center for Contemplative Care - New York, NY July 2017 to February 2018 Created user lists, reports and dashboards to monitor pipeline/stages for management  visibility, while integrating applications such as SoapBox and Apsona with Salesforce Development Associate Boys and Girls Harbor - New York, NY 2015 to 2017 Built and ran unique queries, exports, analysis reports, appeal lists, and mass mailing lists  using Raiser's Edge Education Bachelor of the Arts in Sociology Rutgers University - New Brunswick, NJ 2006 to 2010 Skills Crm, Excel, Powerpoint, Word, Photoshop, Marketing, Indesign, Wordpress, Quickbooks Additional Information SKILLS CRM SalesForce, Raiser's Edge, E-Tapestry, DonorSearch  Financial QuickBooks  Creative CC Photoshop, CC InDesign, WordPress, and Basic Photography  Marketing MailChimp  Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint  LANGUAGE Korean (Fluent)
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1308.html#345:::Marketing Manager;Community Engagement Manager - Remote;Community Manager;Database Administrator;Manager;Co-Founder;Marketing;Roi;Community engagement;Sas;Event planning;Database;Microsoft access;Sql;Jira;Html;Css;Crm;Business development;Visualization;Microsoft office:::Marketing Manager Marketing Manager Marketing Manager Albany, CA Business professional with 2 years of Marketing and Community Management experience for seed-stage cybersecurity and blockchain startups. Successfully created and executed marketing plans and growth campaigns. Co-owned and ran a private gaming community for 5 years with over 250,000 registered forum members and 2,000 active players. Very passionate, organized, and work efficiently under pressure. Proficient in computer technical skills, community engagement, and business development. I am a dedicated business professional seeking to apply my skills, gain more experience, and grow long-term with a company. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Marketing Manager AnChain.AI - San Jose, CA November 2018 to June 2019 • Created and executed multiple marketing and community engagement plans for growth and awareness, managed all social media accounts including content generation, created blog content for Medium and company website blog, managed company's marketing budget, attended regular meetups and conferences in San Francisco and San Jose for business opportunities, provided company with community feedback, and engaged on multiple social media platforms such as Reddit, BitcoinTalk, Facebook groups, Telegram communities, and more. Community Engagement Manager - Remote Cobo - Beijing, CN July 2018 to December 2018 • Aided the marketing team with executing their marketing campaigns on multiple social media platforms, managed Twitter, Medium, Reddit, and Facebook accounts, created several blog posts for awareness, and organized marketing advertisement campaigns using Google and Facebook ad campaign manager. Community Manager Super Game Chain & Narvalous - Palo Alto, CA April 2018 to November 2018 • Created and executed multiple marketing campaigns to drive user growth and awareness, managed a marketing budget, created meetups and the Blockchain Gamer Connect (biggest blockchain gaming-related conference in SF), managed all social media accounts including content generation, created blog content for Medium and company website blog, handled the company's marketing budgets, attended regular meetups and conferences in San Francisco and San Jose for business opportunities, provided company with community feedback, and engaged on multiple social media platforms such as Reddit, BitcoinTalk, Facebook groups, Telegram communities, and more. Database Administrator Orange County Children's Therapeutic Arts Center - Santa Ana, CA January 2017 to October 2017 • Created a new Salesforce database for the non-profit, imported data, provided necessary database maintenance, and trained the executive director and its employees on how to use it. Manager Jamba Juice - Sand City, CA March 2014 to November 2016 • Managed shifts and employees, ordered product on a weekly basis for the store, trained employees, created store deposits and closeouts, bank deposit runs, created spreadsheets for effective employee communication, and promoted/upsold new products to increase overall sales. Co-Founder PwnXile/OwnXile - Irvine, CA January 2010 to December 2015 • Co-owned and ran a private gaming community with over 250,000 registered forum members and 2,000  active players on the server 24/7 (from zero).  • Created and executed multiple business and marketing growth plans  • Social media marketing and networking using Facebook, YouTube, private server forums, and popular toplists.  • Interviewed, hired, and managed a team of 12+ individuals at a time  • Handled the organization's finances Education Bachelor of Science in Information Systems & E-Commerce California State University - Seaside, CA 2016 Skills Marketing, Roi, Community engagement, Sas, Event planning, Database, Microsoft access, Sql, Jira, Html, Css, Crm, Business development, Visualization, Microsoft office Additional Information Skills  • Proven track-record of successfully planning and executing marketing campaigns for high ROI  • Business development, community engagement, and event planning  • Understand cybersecurity and computer networks  • Proficient writing and communication skills  • Microsoft Office, Microsoft Access, SAS, SAS Visualization, and SalesForce CRM  • Google Analytics, Atlassian, Jira  • CSS, HTML, SQL, Database Analytics  • Fluent in English, Spanish, and understand Blockchain Technology
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1309.html#346:::Research Technician;Client Support Specialist;Business Analyst / Database Administrator;Testing Consultant / Temporary Associate;Project Lead;Ts16949;Automotive testing;Visio;Scheduling;Microsoft office;Outlook;Bookkeeping;Auditing;Quality auditing;Problem solving;Report writing;Technical report writing;Healthcare:::Research Technician Research Technician Research Technician Detroit, MI Work Experience Research Technician FORD Motor Co - Dearborn, MI June 2016 to May 2019 • Support the design, build, and modifications for fuel cell system, subsystem, and component test stands. Perform mechanical, electrical wiring, and instrumentation improvements on the fuel cell system test stands.  • Exposure to producing and modifying electrical drawings with the use of Visio 2013  • Coordinated the move of Ford heavy equipment from Vancouver, BC to Dearborn, MI  • Exposure to Ford's Green Belt six sigma training program  • Organize records for department calibrated equipment  • Exposure to mechanical MIG welding  • Operate the systems and component test stands to perform testing and collect data for the Fuel Cell Researchers.  • Coordinate the operation and preventative maintenance of the Hydrogen Electrolyzer to produce high purity hydrogen for the lab to use in testing fuel cells. Client Support Specialist NEMO Capital Partners - Southfield, MI June 2015 to June 2016 • Providing client support for software designed to assist the podiatric field of medicine.  • Training and assisting medical staff in using TRAKnet software in order to use ICD10 coding and meet Meaningful Use requirements. Business Analyst / Database Administrator Bartech - Southfield, MI March 2013 to June 2015 Responsible for creating and maintaining departmental databases, spreadsheets and presentations Testing Consultant / Temporary Associate Intertek - Livonia, MI October 2010 to March 2013 Intertek, Livonia, MI - Testing Consultant / Temporary Associate  MARCH 2010 - SEPTEMBER 2013 (Worked concurrently with role above)  • Monitors project metrics for significant deviations in quality, cost, or schedule  • Performed vibration, environmental, and tensile testing of automotive components  • Analyze test data and reported on results for AEES, GM, and PGW Glass projects, using graphs and statistics Project Lead Yazaki North America - Canton, MI June 2009 to March 2010 OCTOBER 1996 - JUNE 2009  • Performed and led group on connector DV and PV testing  • Manage multiple incoming test projects and establish test timing schedules  • Ensured accurate cost estimates for testing by conducting benchmark studies Education Associates of Science National Institute of Technology - Livonia, MI June 1987 to January 1989 Skills Ts16949, Automotive testing, Visio, Scheduling, Microsoft office, Outlook, Bookkeeping, Auditing, Quality auditing, Problem solving, Report writing, Technical report writing, Healthcare Additional Information SKILLS  Project management, business analyst, software support, automotive testing, scheduling, bookkeeping, technical report writing, and experience with Microsoft Office Suite including Project, Access, Visio and Outlook. QS/TS16949 quality auditing, problem solving, and communication skills. Skilled in providing statistical data and reporting in both the automotive, healthcare and utility industries.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\131.html#347:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;DATABASE (2 years);DATABASES (2 years);ORACLE (2 years);RMAN (1 year);C++ (Less than 1 year);Oracle Dba;Sql Dba;DBA:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - K & K Consulting Gaithersburg, MD 3 years of success in delivery of technical strategies and solutions to fit the business needs and goals that have consistently led to increased revenue, customer retention and productivity, decreased operating expenses and error rates, improved business processes, and better quality systems. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator K & K Consulting - Silver Spring, MD January 2017 to Present USA  • Installing Oracle on Linux and windows machines and creating databases  • Creating users& Roles, assigning roles and granting/revoking privileges.  • Creating and Managing table spaces, data file  • Altering users, checking account status, password unlock etc.  • Checking the table spaces growth regularly.  • Performing Backup and Recovery activities at different levels of hot backups, Cold backups,  • Export and Import (logical), Data pump.  • Table refresh, database refresh through export & Import  • Restore/Recover databases  • Database related activities which include user management, Tablespace management  • Space management in all tablespaces  • Performed Cloning/Refresh to setup test and development database  • Creating synonyms and providing access to users.  • Using RMAN for taking & checking implementation of Hot Backups viz. incremental (everyday) & Full backups (at the end of week).  • Schemas refresh using expdp / impdp and Traditional exp / imp.  • Transportation of table-spaces.  • Resizing of Data files and adding Data files when required.  • Database security through user management by granting roles and privileges  • Monitoring the alert log file, background trace files and user trace files.  • Database tuning & performance monitoring Oracle Database Administrator TFS group Inc - Washington, DC September 2015 to January 2017 • Creating and Managing table spaces, data file  • Altering users, checking account status, password unlock etc.  • Checking the table spaces growth regularly.  • Performing Backup and Recovery activities at different levels of hot backups, Cold backups,  • Export and Import (logical), Data pump.  • Creating users& Roles, assigning roles and granting/revoking privileges.  • Restore/Recover databases  • Resizing of Data files and adding Data files when required.  • Database security through user management by granting roles and privileges  • Monitoring the alert log file, background trace files and user trace files.  • Database tuning & performance monitoring  • Installing the Oracle 11g on Linux platform with silent mode Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science Bowie State University - Bowie, MD Skills DATABASE (2 years), DATABASES (2 years), ORACLE (2 years), RMAN (1 year), C++ (Less than 1 year), Oracle Dba, Sql Dba, DBA Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    • Databases: Oracle [ ] Teradata, DB2, SQL Server 2008  • Data Modeling: Dimensional Data, Tables, Physical, Logical  • Languages & Scripting: SQL, PL/SQL, C, C++, MySQL  • Tools/Utilities: RMAN, Export/Import, Data Pump  • Operating Systems: UNIX, Windows XP, Windows Server [ ]
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1310.html#348:::Network Administrator;Jr. Network and Support Administrator;Sales Support Administrator/ Database Entry;Quality Assurance Manager;Cisco (3 years);Windows;Technical Support;Windows 7;Active Directory;Customer Service:::Network Administrator Network <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Network Administrator Raleigh, NC To use my combined networking and virtualization skills in a constructive environment to better my knowledge through real world applications and solve complex problems. Work Experience Network Administrator Global Knowledge - Cary, NC June 2018 to March 2019 • Daily maintenance of vCloud environment used in production.  • Provide solutions to clients that have hardened network environments to be able to use our labs efficiently.  • Monitor/Maintain volumes created by our storage solution.  • Proactively diagnosing/prevent infrastructure problems/solutions. Jr. Network and Support Administrator Global Knowledge - Cary, NC April 2015 to June 2018 • Detect, diagnose, analyze, and resolve customer problems associated with systems of network and server hardware and application software  • Evaluate and install systems, new software releases, patches, and system upgrades and resolve software related problems for Unix, Linux, and Microsoft operating systems.  • Analyze, test, and otherwise evaluate network and server systems to eliminate problems.  • Work with many types of hardware, and software, such as Cisco Routers and Switches, Juniper devices, VMware, Avaya, and Citrix  • Ensure that all networks and systems are functional and secure and running at acceptable performance levels. Sales Support Administrator/ Database Entry TOSHIBA (TOSHIBA GLOBAL COMMERCE SOLUTIONS) - Research Triangle Park, NC January 2014 to April 2015 • Respond to requests for support from internal business partners ("BP") within agreed parameter  • To support the Sales Team with requests, entering data from the legacy database systems to Oracle.   • Enter contract header data as per written instructions into ERP system  • Load contract inventory data per written instructions into ERP system  • Identify any inventory issues and communicate those issues  • Request special bid pricing on behalf of a business partner as required  • Provide contract reports and schedules  • Provide ad hoc reporting on inventory and customer numbers  • Request contract approvals as necessary (e.g., special billing circumstances, retro approvals) Quality Assurance Manager PROFESSIONAL FITNESS - Raleigh, NC January 2011 to January 2014 • Earned reputation for resolving customer problems, including billing issues requiring the handling of confidential banking and credit card information.  • Ensuring correct data entry by representatives  • Overseeing production shipments, organizing contracts, and correct entries in to billing system  • Quality Assurance of phone calls and emails by reviewing recorded conversations Education Bachelor's in Cybersecurity Southern New Hampshire University Present Associate in Computer Information Systems ECPI University - Raleigh, NC July 2015 Skills Cisco (3 years), Windows, Technical Support, Windows 7, Active Directory, Customer Service Additional Information SKILLS    VMware (working towards VCP certification)  • Knowledge of vCenter and vCloud Director  • VM creation and deployment  • Troubleshooting/Resolving issues    Linux  • Basic knowledge of file structures    Networking (working towards CCNA certification)  • Configuring Cisco routers/switches  • Basic setup/troubleshooting of Juniper devices
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1311.html#349:::Project Manager/ Database Administrator;Business management (Less than 1 year);Cryptography (Less than 1 year);Data analysis (Less than 1 year);Data visualization (Less than 1 year);Etl (Less than 1 year);MYSQL:::Project Manager/ Database Administrator Project Manager/<span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Project Manager/ Database Administrator - Sanray Construction Inc Florham Park, NJ Seeking a challenging position in the Security field where I can apply and further my skillset, using Structured Query Language  (SQL), Python Programming, Security+, and CySA+ principles. Experienced in a wide range of technologies with the ability to  learn quickly and adapt to new environments. Work Experience Project Manager/ Database Administrator Sanray Construction Inc - Florham Park, NJ March 2013 to Present • Manage a team of individuals and develop daily action plans for various jobsite activities.  • Assist in evaluation of various land and asset purchases.  • Perform database installations, upgrades, and configurations.  • Create, manage, and maintain data flow diagrams, software, and network architecture.  • Monitor transaction activities. Education Diploma in Cybersecurity New York University - New York, NY Present Bachelor of Business Administration in Business Administration Farleigh Dickinson University Skills Business management (Less than 1 year), Cryptography (Less than 1 year), Data analysis (Less than 1 year), Data visualization (Less than 1 year), Etl (Less than 1 year), MYSQL Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/nicholas-ardolino-9701a9174 Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ April 2019 to April 2022 CompTIA CySA+ July 2019 to July 2022
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1312.html#350:::SQL Server Database Admin/DBA/Analyst;SQL Server DBA;SQL Server Database Administrator;DATA MODELING;DATABASE;MS ACCESS;SQL SERVER;SQL;DBA;ETL:::SQL Server Database Admin/DBA/Analyst SQL Server <span class="hl">Database</span> Admin/DBA/Analyst SQL Server Database Admin/DBA/Analyst - Dominion Energy Richmond, VA * Expertise in MSSQL Database Administration in server configuration, monitoring, performance tuning and maintenance with efficient troubleshooting capabilities  * Strong technical ability to perform business analysis, write documentations  * Knowledgeable in T-SQL, stored procedures, triggers and functions  * Administered SQL Server High Availability and Disaster Recovery strategies  * Skilled in ETL operations by SSIS using DTS, BIDS and SSDT tools  * Worked on logical and physical data base modeling with Toad and ERwin tools  * Experienced in using DMV and dynamic management functions for queries optimization  * Worked briefly on Cluster (active/active and active/passive nodes) and server consolidation  * Experienced in High Availability solutions and Security Management operations  * Proficient in SQL Server Backup/Recovery and Disaster Recovery solutions  * Obtained experience in DR process including Replication, Log Shipping and Database Mirroring  * Experienced on SQL Server 2012 upgrade (in place and side/side) from SQL Server 2008 / 2005  * Worked on SQL Server 2012 database migration from SQL Server 2008 / 2005  * Knowledgeable on 64/32-bit SQL servers and Windows server systems  * Maintained individual and group service accounts for SQL Server security  * Familiar with Data Center servers and handling VLDB databases  * Handled Memory configurations for SQL Server 2014 and SQL Server 2012 on Windows 2012  * Skilled in Import, Export, Backup, Database Monitoring tools and Application support  * Implemented Linked Servers between SQL Server 2008 R2 & Oracle 9i and 10g  * Strong knowledge in Integration Services (SSIS) and Reporting Services (SSRS)  * Working knowledge in Data Encryption and Data Decryption for data security  * Experienced in mentoring, coaching and writing documentation  * 24 X 7 SQL Database on Call Support Work Experience SQL Server Database Admin/DBA/Analyst Dominion Energy - Richmond, VA July 2016 to Present Major Responsibilities:  * Configured and Managed HA solutions on Log Shipping, Mirroring, Replication, Clustering, and AlwaysOn  * Created the Backup and Restore strategy for production and development environments.  * Installed, configured, monitored, troubleshooting and Administered of SQL Server 2016, 2014, 2012, 2008R2 and Windows Server 2012 and 2008 R2.  * Expertise in Database Backup and Recovery procedures by using Native and third-party tools.  * Experienced on RTO and RPO in SLA level.  * Migrated and Upgraded SQL Server instances and Databases from older version to higher version  * Experienced in Performance Tuning, Query Optimization, Client/Server Connectivity  * Performed performance tuning activities in different aspect using different tools like Execution Plan, SQL Profiler, Performance Monitor/Profiler, Index Tuning, Index rebuild, reorganize, setup automated jobs for index management tasks, and Windows Performance Monitor for monitoring and tuning MS SQL Server performance.  * Resolve Dead locks/Long running queries  * Proven working experience on Query Optimization, Indexing, and Troubleshooting SQL Server related issues.  * Experienced in using DMV, DBCC  * Monitoring Event Viewer, SQL Error logs and Log File Viewer for Software and hardware related errors  * Used Business Intelligence Tools to Create SSRS Reports and SSIS packages  * Configured and managed Reporting Servers, Deployed, migrated, upgraded Reporting Server  * Implemented Data Encryption and Decryption in database and column level for data security.  * Performed Table partitioning, data archival activities  * Monitored and recommend ideas to create, modify, Index (Cluster/Non-Cluster), Constraints, Views, Stored Procedures, Triggers in various tables for better performance  * System performance monitoring by I/O, processes wait-time, response time, physical memory, network bandwidth with traffic, connection conjunction, and space availability  * Defining SQL Server standards for HA based on Applications requirements.  * Responsible for securing SQL Server environment, involved in creation and granting permissions on various Objects, created the guide line to secure SQL Servers.  * DR planning, coordination and implementation.  * Capacity planning for Database and generating the Database growth.  * Managing cluster Active/Passive on Microsoft Windows Server 2012 Enterprise Edition on SAN environment  * Planned, and Developed Backup strategies, setup backup jobs, maintenance plan jobs, monitoring and troubleshooting jobs  * Upgraded and Migrated Databases and Database Servers/Instances  * Applied SP, Hot Fix, Featured Pack, Cumulative updates  * Handled multiple SQL Instances on Cluster environment for Server Consolidation projects built on SAN using RAID levels  * Worked with developers for writing TSQL Scripts for applications and tuning up application performance    Environment: SQL Server 2008R2, 2012 R2, 2014 Enterprise Edition with AlwaysOn, Clustering, Replication and Stand-Alone, OLTP & OLAP environment, SSAS, ETL (SSIS, DTS), SSRS, Windows Server 2008 R2, 2012R2 Server, IIS Application Server, File Server, Ticketing System SQL Server DBA Walmart Technology Centre - Reston, VA April 2014 to June 2016 Key Responsibilities:  • Installed, Configured, and Managed Instances and Databases in SQL Server 2016,2014 and 2012, in development, Training, Staging, Test/UAT, and Production Environment  • Designed and Managed Database Backups and Restoring strategies based on RPO, RTO, and SLA for development, Training, Staging, Test/UAT, and Production Environment  • Implemented Service Packs (SP) and HOT Fixes on stand-alone and HA (High Availability) instances  • Configured and Managed HA (High Availability) Solutions like, AlwaysOn, Failover Clustering, Replications, Mirroring, and Log Shipping  • Developed, Deployed and Managed Reports using different data sources like SQL Server, Oracle, Excel, CSV files  • Performed Data Modeling, Databases Design/Architecture and capacity planning using data modeling tools such as ERWin and Toad Data Modeler  • Developed SQL, T-SQL (DDL, DML), stored procedures, functions, triggers and functions (UDF).  • Involved in Performance Tuning, Query optimization, identifying and troubleshooting I/O and memory bottle necks, lock, block and deadlocks, monitoring sessions, and query executing  • Designed and Managed Data partitioning for large tables to increase performance  • Created and Managed Indexes including Managing Statistics  • Hands on experience on Query Execution plans, Database Tuning Advisor, PerfMon, Server Logs, Agent Logs and Error Logs, Event Logs, DMV (Dynamic Management View), Profiler and Indexing, Index and Statistics Management  • Used different monitoring and troubleshooting tools for server, database and performance tuning purposes such as SQL Server Activity monitor, profiler, Dynamic Management Views (DMV), Query Execution plan, SQL Server Logs, Agent Logs, Solar Winds, OpNet and so on  • Designed, configured, and managed Maintenance plans, Jobs, Alerts, and Notifications  • Data dump and import from Excel and Flat file into MS SQL Server  • Installed, Configured, and Managed SSIS (SQL Server Integration Services) Instance and performed related tasks such as  • Developed, Deployed and Managed SSIS Packages using different types of sources such as Database, Flat file, CSV, Excel and OLE DB supporting sources  • Migrated and Upgraded SSIS Packaged, Setup jobs using SSIS Packages, Managed security, Used SSIS packages for many other purposes - Moving logins, databases, data, and for other objects  • Upgraded SQL Server Instances from older version to higher version like from 2008 R2, 2012 to SQL Server 2014, 2016 using In-place and Side by Side Upgrade Methods  • Worked with application team members to improve performance of queries and applications  • Applied Data Masking, Transparent Data Encryption (TDE), Database Role, Server Role and Custom Role  • Worked ChM (Change Management) Team for release and Deployment related tasks  • Attended and contributor of different meetings such as RCA (Root Cause Analysis), CCB (Change Control Board) and represented database team for different tickets/CR (Change Request)  • Closely worked with System Admin, Network Admin, VM Team for different areas like Web and Application Server, File Transfer System    Environment: SQL Server 2005, 2008R2, 2012, 2014, IIS 7.5, 8.5, Windows Server, 2003R2, 2008R2, 2012, ASP, ASP.net, Java, ETL and AD (Active Directory), Expand-IT, Financial Application, My SQL, Service-Now, JIRA, VM Server, OpNet, SQL Sentry One SQL Server Database Administrator JetBlue Airways Corporation - New York, NY May 2012 to March 2014 Key Responsibilities:  • Installed, Configured, and Maintained SQL Server 2008 and 2008 R2 in dev, test and prod environment  • Configured database software, associated database tools and performance monitoring software.  • Performed database/infrastructure physical design, database upgrades & applied software patches to databases as per application/client requirements.  • Performed acceptance testing to verify that database changes perform without adverse consequences.  • Customized support for Client's Applications and maintaining database objects and structures such as tables, indexes, views, triggers, functions, procedures.  • Administering SQL Server High Availability and Disaster Recovery strategies.  • Expert in data transformation services such as ETL using SSIS, Exp/imp Data and query for ETL purposes  • Implemented the new SQL Server 2012 mechanisms like data compression, online indexing, Contained Databases, security principals and AAG.  • Used DMV for finding out long running queries and routine database management purposes  • Worked extensively on Clustering and server consolidation. Troubleshooting production issues and raising high availability.  • Expertise in Disaster Recovery Planning and Security Management operations.  • Expertise in SQL Server Replication, Backup/Recovery, Disaster recovery and planning.  • Having hands on experience in DR processes including Log Shipping and Database Mirroring.  • Worked on configuring SQL Server with minimum privileged access.  • Developed & implemented a robust database backup and recovery strategy with client assistance.  • Monitored data activities like database status, logs, space utilization, checkpoints, locks and blocks  • Suggested database application level tuning for queries and SQL objects for optimum performance  • Experience on 64-bit SQL Server 2012 / SQL Server 2008 R2 systems and MSCS Configurations  • Implemented Always-ON (AAG) on SQL Server 2012 SP2 CU5  • Maintained individual service accounts for SQL Server services on cluster with different Security groups to raise security mark  • Experience in Batch processes, Import, Export, Backup, Database Monitoring tools and Application support  • Created Linked Servers between SQL Server 2008 R2 & Oracle 9i and 10g. Also created DTS package for data transfer between the two environments  • Working knowledge in Analysis Services (SSAS), Reporting Services (SSRS) and Clustering.  • Experience in mentoring team members and writing documentation.    Environment: SQL Server 2008R2, 2012, 2014, IIS 7.5, 8.5, Windows Server, 2003R2, 2008R2, 2012, ASP, ASP.net, Java, ETL and AD (Active Directory), Expand-IT, Financial Application, My SQL, Service-Now, JIRA, VM Server, OpNet Education Bachelor of commerce in commerce National University Sofia Institute of Science & Technology - Alexandria, VA Skills DATA MODELING, DATABASE, MS ACCESS, SQL SERVER, SQL, DBA, ETL Certifications/Licenses Security+ April 2019 MCITP June 2018
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1313.html#351:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;IT Professional/Junior Oracle DBA;Data migration;Database;Oltp;Oracle;Oracle 10g;Sql Dba;DBA;MYSQL;Oracle Dba;Sql Server:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - Apex Group Over 8+ years of professional experience in Oracle Database Administration. Reliable, Result Oriented, Dedicated to Problem Solving, Responsible, Trusted & Proactive Oracle Database Administrator with expertise in crisis management, performance tuning, and high availability to increase reliability, maximize productivity and ensure system efficiencies. Adept at all stages of project lifecycle, from business requirements and technical definitions to testing, documentation, production support, training and completion. Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Apex Group June 2016 to Present Environment: - Oracle 10g, 11g RAC/12C Rac, 18c SQL, PL/SQL, SQL*PLUS, EXPDP/IMPDP, OEM, RMAN, HP-UX, IBM-AIX, Sun Solaris, RedHat Linux, Windows, Data guard, ERWIN  Responsibilities:    RESPONSIBILITIES:  • Successful implementation of Transparent Data Encryption  • Refresh/Cloning of Database and applications for development and testing purpose.  • Create Data Redaction Policy  • Setup Oracle Real Application Cluster for High Availability and Scalability  • 24 X 7 Production database administration, support  • Installation of Grid Infrastructure Installation RAC in Both GUI and NON GUI mode((RAC Silent Mode Installation), Troubleshoot failed root.sh and rerun of it,  • Data Migration  • Installation, Configuration and monitoring of Oracle Goldengate replication  • Database upgrade and data archiving  • Setup Oracle Active DataGuard  • Installation, configuration and monitoring of Oracle Goldengate replication.  • Promote script to purge audit trail files on all databases.  • Provide Oracle Application Server and Oracle APEX implementation and support.  • Provide 3rd level support for Oracle RAC, including applying patches, performance tuning, backup and recovery issues with RMAN/Data Protector, trace analysis, service creation, cluster and system management.  • Migration of large data from Exadata to RAC clustered environment.  • Migration of standalone databases to RAC and ASM.  • Hands on experience in creating application contest packages for VPD configuration  • Created login triggers to monitor users access in the database using VPD technology  • Created synonyms, objects and grants on security packages to users  • Created and applied security policies to VPD tables  • Creating duplicate databases for RAT Testing, and moving databases from EXADATA to RAC  environment.  • Successfully implemented physical standby database using Oracle Data Guard feature for High availability configuration.  • Installed OEM Grid Agents on UNIX, LINUX and Windows for monitoring of production databases.  • Implemented Oracle Database 11g, 2 node Real Application Cluster (RAC) using Oracle Cluster ware for achieving high Availability on ASM.  • Setup and maintain RMAN backup and recovery strategy for RAC and Single instance Databases.  • Worked on Oracle 9i to 10g/11g migration projects with low maintenance window and applied patches to various databases.  • Worked on OEM Grid Control 11g, scheduling and troubleshooting OEM jobs and deploying OEM agents. Scheduling Backup Jobs and troubleshooting failed jobs through OEM GC.  • Disaster recovery implementation using physical standby databases for high availability.  • Worked for Incident & Problem Management and Change Release Management to meet business SLAs (Service Level Agreement).  • Monitored the Performance of the migrated databases using grid Control and features AWR, ADDM, ASH and generated the reports for metric collection and health check of the databases. Oracle Database Administrator General Motors March 2014 to May 2017 RESPONSIBILITIES:  • Installation and management of 2-node RAC cluster on Linux.  • Implementation of physical database and database changes per logical design  • Performed upgrades and migrated several oracle 9i databases to 10G  • Oracle GoldenGate 11gR2/12c  • Created procedures, functions, packages, triggers, views, tables, indexes, table partitions, Partitioned indexes; synonyms and db links.  • Configured and maintained replication using Oracle Golden Gate  • Implementation of high availability solutions with Oracle 10g RAC, Physical and Logical Standby database (Data Guard), Materialized views, VCS, Streams Replication, Golden Gate.  • Interface with vendors, project implementation groups & end users for efficient service delivery.  • Performed data loading using SQL Loader, Export/Import, Data Pump.  • Managed database security - created users, roles, grating and revoking of privileges as required.  • Managing database storage and database space utilizations  • Interface with vendors, project implementation groups & end users.  • Attend DBA group in weekly change management meeting, where all planned production changes is approved prior to deployment.  • Installing new versions of the Oracle RDBMS and its tools and any other tools that access the Oracle database. Plans and implements backup and recovery of the Oracle database. Assists with impact analysis of any changes made to the database objects. Troubleshoots with problems regarding the databases, applications and development tools.  • Setup and maintain RMAN backup and recovery strategy for RAC and Single instance Databases.  • Worked on Oracle 9i to 10g migration projects with low maintenance window and applied patches to various databases.  • Design, deployment, and management of enterprise Backup and Recovery strategies, using RMAN, Import/Export, Data Pump.  • Proactively monitoring and tuning of database performance using AWR and ADDM. Tune the various components of the database - Memory, CPU, I/O, and SQL statements.  • Creation and management of database objects - tables, Indexes, views, synonyms, snapshots, materialized views, stored procedures, triggers, table partitions and partitioned indexes.  • Develop and implement an Incident Reporting and Response System to address security incidents (breaches), respond to alleged policy violations, or complaints from external parties. IT Professional/Junior Oracle DBA BoxyPay January 2010 to August 2013 RESPONSIBILITIES:  • Automated DBA task utilizing SQL and UNIX shell  • Participated and supported Oracle server installations and standalone installations  • Worked on various types of system units monitoring and fixing technical problems that might possibly prevent the database instances from their daily run.  • Gather data/reporting and assists with the production and maintenance of operational database documentation, such as SQL Disaster Recovery Presentation, Naming Standards, Performance and Tuning.  • Monitor alert logs for database errors.  • Created tickets, prioritized and escalated issues using Remedy Connector based on SLAs.  • Extensive understanding of shell scripting to set Environments and shell Variables on Linux.  • Provide first and second level software and hardware support to end-users, technical users and at client sites.  • Skilled in handling distressed calls from different types of users.  • Application of quarterly CPU and PSU patches for Oracle Server.  • Responsible for maintaining and supporting an Oracle Database on windows and Unix.  • Running complex queries to retrieve data from multiple tables within Oracle ensuring fast access to business application.  • Managed project metrics and enhanced project development.  • Participated in a team that managed and administered multiple Oracle server instances installed on a windows server 2003 operating system consisted of multiple databases basically on tasks such as consistency checks, undertaking all sorts of backups on separate storage devices.  • Installed/re-installed Windows and Linux server.  • Resolved, traced and escalated critical issues to minimize project risk factors.  • Developing and performing unit and integration tests.  • Client demonstrations and user training. Education MSc in Business Administration University Phoenix BSc in Computer Science University of Ibadan Skills Data migration, Database, Oltp, Oracle, Oracle 10g, Sql Dba, DBA, MYSQL, Oracle Dba, Sql Server Additional Information SKILLS  • Data Guard  • RMAN  • Real Application cluster (RAC), ASM  • DB Upgrade, Patching, Performance Tuning  • SQL Installation and Implementation  • Disaster Recovery, Backup and Recovery  • Golden Gate  • PLSQL  • Analytical and Leadership Skills  • Database Security  • Replication, log Shipping and Mirroring  • Integration and reporting Services  • Installing and Managing Clustered Nodes  • Strategic Planner  • DataPump, SQL*Loader, Transportable Tablespaces  • OEM (Cloud Control)    Operating Systems: Win. 95, 98 NT 4.0, 2000, 2003 Servers and XP and 7, Red Linux 3.x, 4.x, 5.x, IBM AIX Unix 5.x, 6.x 7.x and Oracle Solaris Unix 2.x; 8.x , 9.x, 10.x; HP.Unix 10.2 and 11.x    Databases: Oracle 9i, 10g Release 1 & 2; 11g Release 1 & 2; 12c Release 1 & 18c;    Applications: MS Word, Excel, Power point, Cyclone, Vertex, Master Tax, Extensity, EMC Documentum, Content Management and Filenet.    Tools: Erwin, MsTFS, OEM, Sqlplus, Server Manager, Toad, Quest Central for Oracle & SQL Loader, Datapump, RMAN, AWR, ADDM, Scheduler  Backup & amp; Recovery and High Availability Solutions: Automated shell scripts, Oracle DataGuard & RMAN, Veritas Clustering Services HA Solution  Technical Skills    • Over 8+ years of Oracle DBA experience in Production, Development and Test environments in various industries.  • Replication and Extracting data and applying on production using GoldenGate.    • Involved in Installation, Configuration, Upgrades, Patching, Backup and Recovery, Migration, Memory and Space Management, Cloning, Replication, Reporting, Performance Tuning, RMAN, RAC, Data Guard, OEM Grid Control.  • Hands on experience in configuration of VM machines for multi-tenant databases.  • Experience in creation/configuration and maintenance of Container Databases (CDBs) and Pluggable Databases (PDBs).  • Experience in a variety of hardware platforms including; MS-Windows 2008, 2012, Linux, Sun Solaris, HP-UX & AIX.  • Worked as a team member to provide 24x7 on-call production database support.  • Extensive knowledge on database backup/recovery strategy (RMAN), Import/Export & Data pump, Capacity Planning, Replication (Streams) standby databases, Oracle configuration management, Data guard, database cloning, refresh and patch management.  • Good understanding knowledge in RAC and Oracle Streams.  • Disaster Recovery & Security Management and Documentation.  • Experience working with data warehousing (OLAP) applications, transactional database (OLTP) development, installing, configuring, administering, managing oracle databases, implementing solutions like High Availability (HA), Disaster Recovery, Cloning, and Database Security.  • Hands on experience in creating application contest packages for Virtual Private Database (VPD) configuration.  • Hands on experience in Oracle 10g/11g and 12c RAC implementation & administration (Oracle Cluster-ware setup and configuration, RAC Installation using ASM, Grid Installation.), Patching, RAC Backup, adding a node to existing cluster database for High Availability and Recovery.  • Experience in Implementing, configuring, trouble shooting, switchover, failover of Physical Standby Data Guard on 10g, 11g and 12c.  • Experience in Oracle 18c  • Configured and maintained replication using Oracle Golden Gate.  • Experience in Cumulative and Differential Incremental backups using RMAN.  • Having good knowledge on EXADATA and Involved in moving databases from EXADATA to RAC environment.  • Used ADDM (Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor), AWR (Automatic Workload Repository), and ASH (Active Session History) for analyzing the database performance and tuning.  • Experience in Database Upgrades in 10g, 11g and 12c.  • Experience in Data Migration using Data pump utility, Non RAC to RAC and Non ASM to ASM.  • Database Refresh from Production to Development and from Development to Test environments.  • Replication of tables to cross platform and Creating Materialized Views  • Managing Table/Index segments, Rollback Segments, Undo Segments, and Constraints.  • Planning and scheduling Physical Backups (offline/online) and Logical Backups.  • Experience in implementing Flash Back Pointing Time Recovery.  • Experience in Space Management by Monitoring and Managing Tablespaces.  • Experience in UNIX shell programming.  • Expertise in Oracle 11g, 12C, 18C, ASM, RAC, OEM, Data Guard, RMAN and Shell Script  • Knowledge of data flow diagrams, data dictionary techniques, CASE tools, Entity-relation modeling and design techniques.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1314.html#352:::Help Desk Administrator;IT Administrator;Database/System Administrator;Academic Program Director-Computer Information Science;Tech Support;Help Desk;Desktop Support;Active Directory;Service Desk:::Help Desk Administrator Help Desk <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Help Desk Administrator Sunrise, FL To obtain a position as a Network/Systems Administrator with a technological progressive company. My unique combination of creative and technical talents allows me to be a strong leader in any organization or working environment. Work Experience Help Desk Administrator WICKER, SMITH, O'HARA, ET AL - Miami, FL 2009 to 2012 * Act as second level support for Help Desk functions.  * Handles problem escalation, problem resolution processes and performance monitoring.  * Provides technical support to network systems including servers, laptops, desktops, routers, switches, printers, scanners, copiers, fax machines, blackberry's and any software applications associated with the operation of these devices.  * Handles problem escalation and problem resolution processes  * Provides support to end users on a variety of issues.  * Responds to telephone calls, email and personnel requests for technical support.  * Documents, tracks, and monitors the problem to ensure a timely resolution. IT Administrator MICRO PNEUMATIC LOGIC INC - Pompano Beach, FL 2007 to 2009 * Active Directory configuration and deployment  * LAN, WAN and Remote administration  * Land and mobile phone communications and configuration  * Hardware and Software installation  * Monitors database operations  * Monitor and backup SQL database  * Perform backup and recovery of database  * Troubleshoot and quickly respond to network outages  * Proactively provide short term and long term solutions to issues and anamolies  * Configure and maintain servers (local and remote)  * Manage remote connections through VPN  * Perform system upgrades, testing and deployment of functional and security patches  * Provide detailed documentation of all implementation, changes and solutions Database/System Administrator BEACON INDUSTRIES - Pompano Beach, FL 2006 to 2007 * Write and maintain complex Transact-SQL  * Experience with DTS packages and Stored procedures  * Run data queries in Crystal Reports, MS Access and Advanced Excel  * Redesign existing web pages using ColdFusion  * Responsible for all desktop, laptop, server, network, email, website, printer/copier/fax and technically related items Academic Program Director-Computer Information Science FLORIDA METROPOLITAN UNIVERSITY - Pompano Beach, FL 2004 to 2006 * Instruct Computer-related courses each semester  * Hire and evaluate instructors  * Create course schedule and assign instructors per semester  * Faculty Advisor to CIS students Education Master of Science in Management Information Science Florida International University Skills Tech Support, Help Desk, Desktop Support, Active Directory, Service Desk Assessments Customer Focus & Orientation — Expert July 2019 Responding to customer situations with sensitivity. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/wfe4ockertud3gi Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1315.html#353:::Database Administrator and Developer;Microsoft SQL Server Programmer;SQL Server Database Administrator;SQL Server Database Administrator;Database Administrator/Developer - SQL;Data modeling;Database;Microsoft access;Sql server;Sql server 2005:::Database Administrator and Developer <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> and Developer Database Administrator and Developer - BCBS of North Dakota Fargo, ND ? Over 6 years of experience in Microsoft SQL Server Database Developer and Database Administration (2005, 2008, 2012, 2014, 2016 and 2017) in Data Warehouse Environment (OLTP and OLAP), Production, Development and Staging.  ? Worked and gained experience with RedGate development tool.  ? Experience in regression test upgrade from different SQL Server versions.  ? Experience in implementing Data warehouse solutions in Confidential Redshift; Worked on various projects to migrate data from on premise databases to Confidential Redshift.  ? Experience on Cloud Databases and Data warehouses (SQL Azure and Confidential Redshift/RDS).  ? Adaptive to Cloud Strategies based on AWS  ? Experience in installing and configuring SQL Server 2005/2008/2008R2/2012/2014/2016.  ? Gained experience in installing and configuring the development versions of SQL Server 2014.  ? Gained experience in migrating servers from SQL server 2005 to SQL server 2008 and SQL Server 2008 to SQL Server 2012.  ? Excellence in Data Migration by using tools like Migration Wizard, Import Export Data, Bulk Insert, BCP, SSIS, and SQL Server Upgrade Advisor.  ? Qualified in Staging, Production, Testing, UAT and Development server's maintenance related financial, manufacturing and health care domain.  ? Possess theoretical knowledge on AlwaysON.  ? Adequate knowledge of SDLC and ITILMethodologies in regards to IT Infrastructure Management.  ? Exceptional skills in Agile Development and Test Driven Development  ? Extensive knowledge in writing Store procedures, try-catch blocks, analyzing query plans, using extended managing indexes and locks, troubleshooting deadlocks and blocking, monitoring baselines and threshold values.  ? Experience in configure/monitor/support of Transactional Replication, Merge Replication, Snapshot, Log shipping and Database Mirroring for various databases on Geo-graphically separated cluster environments that provides Disaster Recovery and High Availability.  ? Experience in Database Consistency Checks using DBCC Utilities, Query Optimization to analyze the execution plans and performance of SQL Servers.  ? Expertise in Performance tuning, DMV'S, DMF'S, analyzing Locks, Dead Locks and Handling the Isolation Level and Concurrency Effects.  ? Possess hands on experience in administrative activities comprising Database Health Check, Index Optimization, Updating Statistics, and Client/Server Connectivity.  ? Experience in verifying and tuning stored procedures created by developers using Execution plans, SQL Server Profiler, Data Tuning Advisor and maintenance tasks.  ? Worked on Erwin modeling tool to design database objects and Architecture.  ? Expert in developing automated notification with SQL Server Backups, Restores, scheduling and maintaining jobs (Jobs, Alerts, Emails, Notification).  ? Expertise in Deploying and consolidating Remote Sequel Server instances.  ? Experience in PowerShell script for SQL Server Maintenance activities.  ? Expertise in Maintaining and Configuring the Database Snapshots.  ? Experience in scheduling Jobs on Log Shipping and Maintenanceplans using Native & Third-party tools (LiteSpeed, RedGate and Native SQL Backup).  ? Gained experience in Monitoring, Tuning SQL Server and database performance using Index Tuning Wizard, Windows Performance Monitor.  ? Experience in managing database systems using Query Governor and Activity Monitor.  ? Experts in PostgreSQL Database Performance and Statement Tuning  ? Knowledgeable in All Major Releases of PostgreSQL Running on All Supported Operating System Versions  ? Maintenance of PostgreSQL RFID tracking databases.  ? Review all PostgreSQL logs for problems  ? Skillful in designing and deploying the reports for End-User requests using Web Interface and SSRS (Ad-hoc Reporting).  ? Worked on testing methodologies and tools like Rally- Automation and Performance testing.  ? Experience in using SQL Object Level Audits using Change Data Capture (CDC), Transparent Data Encryption (TDE).  ? Expert in implementing efficient Database Design principles including Partitions and Backup Compression Techniques.  ? Participated in SQL Server Storage Structures and Security Architecture for databases residing on SAN storage on distributed systems.  ? Expert in automating process by creating maintenance jobs, and error reporting using Alerts, SQL Mail Agent.  ? Experience in providing off hours production support for 24x7 over weekends on rotation basis.  ? Skilled at meeting deadlines, easily adaptive to various project environments, flexible to work with different teams across geographical locations.  ? Good at time management, have good interpersonal skills and being an outstanding team player. Work Experience Database Administrator and Developer BCBS of North Dakota - Fargo, ND October 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Install and upgrade SQL servers from 2005 to 2008, 2008 R2, 2012, 2014 and 2016.  • Implement, maintain and document the Backup and Recovery plans of all databases.  • Responsible for Scheduling Tasks, Setting Alerts, Managing Task Scheduling, setting up SQL Mail, Managing Alerts, Monitoring and Tuning SQL Server, and to suggest the scheduling strategies to overcome Blocking and Dead Locks in jobs.  • Responsible for executing Data Migrations from multiple database structures using SSIS Review and Migrated Stored Procedure.  • Install, create and configure Reporting Services, and Monitored Reports.  • Worked more on Data Maintenance like Re-indexing, Integrity Checking and Database Shrinking.  • Responsible in preparing documentation on Disaster Recovery plan.  • Monitor and tune SQL scripts, create and upgrade scripts for production database.  • Responsible for Maintaining Production Servers, Monitoring Performance issues, Troubleshooting and solving production issues.  • Analyzed the existing application programs and tuned SQL queries using Execution plan, Query Analyzer, SQL Profiler and Database Engine Tuning Advisor.  • Created and maintain the Users Security Permissions and Migration of entire database objects between multiple servers and multiple databases.  • Responsible in handling tasks like assigning user's permissions and space issues on production and production servers.  • Responsible for performance, security and availability of databases.  • Develop database objects like Tables, Indexes, Store procedures, Triggers, Views etc.  • Responsible to write and optimize SQL statements.  • Responsible to prepare documentation and specification.  • Responsible to modify store procedures and views according to the business requirement.  • Responsible to design, code, and implement software solutions using multiple techniques.  • Provide database development assistance in creating specific applications for businesses. Microsoft SQL Server Programmer Carestream Health Inc - Rochester, NY November 2016 to August 2018 Responsibilities:  • Responsible to write and optimize SQL statements.  • Responsible for performance, security and availability of databases.  • Responsible to prepare documentation and specification.  • Responsible to modify store procedures and views according to the business requirement.  • Responsible to design, code, and implement software solutions using multiple techniques.  • Expertise in Transact-SQL (DDL, DML, DCL) and in Design and Normalization of the database tables.  • Experience in implementing business logic using Triggers, Indexes, Views and Stored procedures.  • Developed User Defined Functions and created Views.  • Extensive Knowledge of advance query concepts.  • Experience with tools like SQL Server management studio and SQL Server 2005/2008 integration (SSIS) and reporting services (SSRS).  • Proficient in Tuning T-SQL queries to improve the database performance and availability.  • Experienced hands in Query tuning and performance tuning.  • Experience in monitoring SQL Server Performance using SQL Profiler, Index Tuning Wizard and Windows Performance Monitor.  • Provide database development assistance in creating specific applications for businesses.  • Provide general support on IT to design, develop, execute, and maintain the database application systems.  • Responsible to understand the code written in store procedures and views  • Responsible to understand the methodology for code design.  • Responsible to write or modify store procedures and views as per business requirement.  • Responsible to develop data for testing.  • Get familiarity with RedGate tool and learn to work on it.  • Monitor and tune SQL scripts, create and upgrade scripts for production database.  • Work on every database administration environment including backups and recovery.  • Develop documentation for technical deliverables according to the internal controls to satisfy the maintenance responsibilities and to forward on to the production support team.  • Develop database objects like Tables, Indexes, Store procedures, Triggers, Views etc.  • Identify columns for Primary Keys in all the tables at the design time and create them.  • Responsible to understand Agile development methodology and contribute to the team.  • Responsible to get involved in Sprint Plan meetings.  • Participate in discussions in understand the requirements and provide the back-end functionality for the applications.    Environment: SQL Server 2017/2016/2014/2012/2008R2/2008, T-SQL, SSIS, SSRS Windows Server 2008/2008R2/2012, RedGate, Rally, SQL Azure. SQL Server Database Administrator Credit Suisse Bank - New York, NY April 2015 to October 2016 Responsibilities:  • Installed and upgraded SQL servers from 2005 to 2008, 2008 R2, 2012 and 2014.  • Created and maintained Database mirroring keeping Replication and automatic failover.  • Worked more on Data Maintenance like Re-indexing, Integrity Checking and Database Shrinking.  • Responsible in preparing documentation on Disaster Recovery plan.  • Implemented, maintained and documented the Backup and Recovery plans of all databases.  • Responsible for Scheduling Tasks, Setting Alerts, Managing Task Scheduling, setting up SQL Mail, Managing Alerts, Monitoring and Tuning SQL Server, and also to suggest the scheduling strategies to overcome Blocking and Dead Locks in jobs.  • Responsible for executing Data Migrations from multiple database structures using SSIS Review and Migrated Stored Procedure.  • Installed, created and configured Reporting Services, and Monitored Reports.  • Responsible to work on package migration wizard in SQL Server 2005 to migrate to SSIS, SSIS Package Configuration and passing variables dynamically and using SSIS Logging.  • Implemented Disaster Recovery for SQL Server DBA Production Database as Fail-Over or Standby Servers.  • Responsible for Maintaining Production Servers, Monitoring Performance issues, Trouble shooting and solving production issues.  • Implemented Event Handlers and Error Handling in SSIS packages and notified process results to various user communications.  • Analyzed the existing application programs and tuned SQL queries using Execution plan, Query Analyzer, SQL Profiler and Database Engine Tuning Advisor.  • Created and maintain the Users Security Permissions and Migration of entire database objects between multiple servers and multiple databases.  • Involve in partitioning of databases to improve query performance and reduce the server load.  • Responsible in handling DBA tasks like assigning user's permissions and space issues on production and production servers.  • Worked on improving the performance of a Stored Procedures and other database related objects.  • Acquired experience on SQL PowerShell provider on Central Management Server (CMS).  • Developed PowerShell modules in C# and PowerShell featuring command lets to interface with Secret Server and SQL.  • Automated in-house hedging system utilizing PowerShell and BMC's Control-M scheduler.  • Implemented PowerShell remoting and script execution.  • Enhanced team productivity and automated repetitive tasks by using batch files, PowerShell, VBScript  • Enhanced team productivity and automated repetitive tasks by using batch files, PowerShell, VBScript  • Installed SQL 2012/2014 with AlwaysON.  • Created AlwaysON with two and three replica.  • Implemented transactional replication and mirroring on part of AlwaysON availability Group.  • Enabled and created AlwaysON Availability Groups, AlwaysON Availability with Transactional Replication and Distributed AlwaysON Availability Groups on the SQL Server instances to host databases for Data Warehouse applications.  • Optimizing and tuning the Redshift environment, enabling queries to perform faster for Tableau and SAS Visual Analytics.  • Wrote various data normalization jobs for new data ingested into Redshift.  • Experienced on performing in-depth Root Cause Analysis(RCA) on variety of SQL Server related issues.  • Resolved blocking and long running queries issues and performing a Root Cause Analysis (RCA).  • Defined and deployed monitoring, metrics, and logging systems on AWS.    Environment: SQL Server 2014/2012/2008R2/2008/2005, T-SQL, SSIS, SSRS Windows Server 2008/2008R2/2012, PostgreSQL, Solar winds, SQL Sentry,SCOM, Confidential Redshift, AWS Data Pipeline SQL Server Database Administrator HDS- Hitachi Data Systems - Denver, CO May 2013 to March 2015 Responsibilities:  • Administrated and managed SQL server 2008 highly transitive in both Production and Active passive clustered environments.  • Worked on database up to the size of 2TB.  • Migrated the databases from SQL Server 2000 to 2008 and documented the process from Pre-Migration and Post-Migration steps.  • Handled Memory configurations for SQL Server 2000 and 2008 on Windows 2008.  • As a part of Security policies, implemented SQL Principle, Securable, Permissions, Roles and Authentication Modes for users.  • Worked with the RedGate tools to some extent, like for Database comparison and creation of the test data.  • Migrated DTS packets to SSIS packages designed and developed SSIS packages using Control Flow Tasks, Transformations and Dataflow Tasks.  • Monitored and modified the performance using Execution plans and Index Tuning.  • Worked on Recovering techniques on Systems and user databases from suspect mode.  • Worked in Sizing and utilizing the Temp database in efficient way.  • Utilized Log shipping for synchronization of database.  • Worked on documentation of Disaster Recovery plan.  • Worked on implementing topics like CLR integration on Development server.  • Wrote and debugged Stored Procedures and (DDL/DML) Triggers, Functions according to the clients' requirements.  • Worked on Troubleshooting and Fine-tuning of database for its performance.  • Designed and implemented comprehensive Backup plan and disaster recovery.  • Worked on Query analyzer and profiler for tuning queries using variable for characteristics and query costs.  • Familiar and experienced with ITIL and change control methodologies.  • Performed changes in accordance with ITIL standards.  • Handled Database Refresh in QA-Test environment for testing deployments and Build.  • Worked on jobs like Backups and Restores.  • Gained hands on experience in data modeling, metadata services and troubleshooting database issues.  • Responsible for updating statistics, database integrity check and Backup operations.  • Expertise in SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).  • Monitored SQL server performance using profiler to check the performance and Dead locks.  • Worked on call 24/7 support on weekly basis.  • Worked on Repositories like Team Foundation Server (TFS), Visual source safe and Clear Case for Data Archival.  • Planning and gathering the requirements for setting up TFS environments for environment based migration and up gradation.  Environment: SQL Server 2005/2008/2008R2/2012 with clustering, Replication, T-SQL, Windows 2003/2008/2008R2/2012 64-bit, PostgreSQL,BugZilla, DTS, SSIS, RedGate, Profiler, MOM, SQL Sentry, Share point, SQL Server 2008, Oracle 10g, TFS, VSTS, LiteSpeed. Database Administrator/Developer - SQL Sunera Technologies - Hyderabad, Telangana October 2012 to April 2013 Responsibilities:  • Installed, configured SQL Server 2005, and on migrating from SQL server 2000 to 2005.  • Worked on backups, DBCC utilities, updated index statistics, monitored database and disk space.  • Worked on implementing Database Mirroring on MS SQL Server 2005 and database security.  • Responsible for installing and maintained 2-Node (Active-Passive), Clustering as a High availability solution.  • Worked with Transactional Replication to achieve Load balancing.  • Worked on migration and maintenance of data with various tools like DTS.  • Created and maintained databases, logins, users, indexes that help in improve the speed of execution of data retrieve quires and storing procedures, tables, roles, stored procedures, permissions and many other schema objects.  • Monitoring the SQL server performance using profiler to check the performance, deadlocks, blockings and capturing long running SQL queries for fine-tuning SQL statements for accurate results in SQL statement processing.  • Worked in applying Service packs at database and OS level.  • Co-ordinated with the development team for optimizing SQL quires and stored procedures.  • Worked on scheduling the backups for Databases and Transaction logs, and performing restoration operations.  • Worked to setup SQL Server configuration settings.  • Designed and implemented comprehensive Backup plans and disaster recovery strategies.  • Responsible for Stored Procedures optimization, Performance tuning and index tuning.  • Worked on Fail over Clustering for SQL Server databases for mission critical applications.  • Worked on providing necessary data validation checks against the data entry.  • Worked on performance monitor and SQL Profiler to minimize queries and improve the performance of database servers.  • Worked on Spot Light from quest to perform data base health checks.  • Worked on Lite speed backup with MS SQL SERVER 2005and gained extensive knowledge.  • Installed, configured, administered and helped in securing the production and non-production servers.  • Involved in capacity planning and sizing for new database servers.  • Worked on Snapshot Replication. Worked on Client/Server tools like SQL Server Enterprise Manager and Query Analyzer to administer SQL Server.  • Responsible to minimize and troubleshoot the production down issues.  • Worked on creating T-SQL, T-SQL scripts, PL/SQL packages, procedures, functions, triggers and alerts, scripts for automation and DTS packages for ETL.  • Responsible to maintain the user account administration for Different domains.    Environment: SQL Server 2005,2008,2008R2, Transact-SQL, Share point, IIS 6.0, SCOM, OEM and VERITAS Net Backup, SQL Profiler, SSIS, SSRS. VB 6, MS Excel Windows 2008/2003, Microsoft Visio 2000. Education Master's Skills Data modeling, Database, Microsoft access, Sql server, Sql server 2005 Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:  Programming Languages C, BS, SQL, TSQL  RDBMS MS-SQL Server 2005/2008/2008R2/2012/2014/2016/2017, Microsoft Access, PostgreSQL.  ETL Tools SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) 2005/2008/2008R2/2012, DTS, AWS Data pipeline  OLAP Tools SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) 2005/2008/2008R2/2012.  Reporting Tools SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) 2005/2008, Crystal Reports.  Database Tools  SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS), SQL Server Business Intelligence Studio (BIDS), Enterprise Manager, SQL Profiler, Query Analyzer, Redshift, SQL Azure.    Operating Systems Windows Server 2003/2008/2008R2/2012, Linux, Unix.  Data Modeling Tools Erwin, Agile  Performance Tools Spotlight, Foglight, Idera, Tivoli, SCOM.  Backup tools Idera, Litespeed, Native Backup, RedGate.  Testing Tool Rallyx'
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1316.html#354:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle DBA;Oracle DBA;Oracle DBA;Oracle DBA;Cache;Data manipulation;Database administration;Database;Ddl;Ms sql server;Ms sql server 2008;Sql server;Sql server 2008;Oltp;Oracle;Pl/sql;Replication;Sql;Sql queries;Aix;Apache;Hp ux;Linux;Red hat:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - Delta Air Lines Eagan, MN Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Delta Air Lines - Minneapolis, MN July 2016 to Present Responsibilities:  • Administer and created production, development, and test Oracle 12c,11g databases hosted on AIX, Linux, Sun-Solaris and Windows Server.  • Support Incident tickets, 24/7, on-callforproduction database for developers and end-users.  • Trained in Exadata for setting/implementing Exadata for New datacenter migrations.  • Monitoring Exadata systems using OEM 13c, Sundiag and Exachk utility.  • Experienced in creation of 12c databases on Exadata Full-rack/Half rack/Quarter rack.  • Software and firmware maintenance of the Exadata storage servers in the Database machine including routine health check, patch plan and upgrades according to the suggestions from Oracle support department.  • Experience in migration of databases to Exadata using EXPDP/IMPDP and GoldenGate.  • Database migration strategy to relocate databases to new Linux, AIX and windows servers.  • Performed Migration and Upgradation of databases to 12c and 11gR2.  • Successfully created and setup Oracle databases 12c on Linux 6.7.  • Knowledge of new features in 12c including creation ofContainer and Pluggable databases.  • Installed and configured GoldenGate for replication.  • Upgrading Goldengate versions from 11g to 12c and converting Extracts/Replicats from classic to integrated mode.  • GoldenGate setup at both object level and schema level in uni and bi-directional.  • Configured Manager Process to automate purging of the old trail files.  • Created and monitored Virtual Private Database (VPD) policies for securing sensitive data in PI tables.  • Performing the Yearly Standby- Dataguard Tests (Fail-over/Switch over) using DG Broker.  • Implemented Oracle Active-Data Guard for maintained Oracle disaster recovery.  • Configuration, maintenance and tuning of 11g R2 on Two-node RAC Cluster  • Monitor and fully analyze performance issues in production Oracle databases by using AWR/ADDM/OEM 13c.  • Creating and rebuilding indexes and optimizing the code to improve the performance.  • Troubleshooting on bad query performance by generating, analyzing AWR& ADDM report.  • Recommending application for any SQL_ID changes for any query.  • Installation of 11g, 12c oracle client on the Application servers.  • Worked closely with developers for DDL deployments in various environments.  • Created and managed database objects such as tables, indexes, partition tables and views.  • Securing stored data for PCI application (Payment card information) using oracle transparent data encryption by installing TDE wallet and creating encrypted tablespaces and storing sensitive data in encrypted tablespaces.  • Performing day-to-day database administration tasks like Tablespace usage, monitoring alert log, trace files, monitoring disk usage, Table/index analyze jobs, database backup logs.  • Worked on Schema and Table Refresh Requests using import/export.  • Setup backup, recovery procedures and Point in time recovery using RMAN.  • Restore the database by creating a restore point using flashback.  • Applying Patches on 10g/11g database, Quarterly released PSUs by Oracle.    Environment: Oracle 12c/11g/10g,RAC, ASM, Data Guard, GoldenGate,Exadata, Rman, Data Pump, Cassandra 2.x/3.x , AIX 5.3, Red Hat Linux 6/7, Grid Control (OEM) 12c and 13c. Oracle DBA Caterpillar Inc - Peoria, IL February 2015 to April 2016 Responsibilities:  • Install, upgrade and maintain Oracle 12c/11gR2/10g on Linux, Sun Solaris and Windows.  • Installed GoldenGate on 11gR2 and configured unidirectional and Bi-directional replication.  • Worked on Golden Gate upgrades from Version 12.1.2.1.0 to 12.1.2.1.10.  • Performed Golden Gate configuration changes to Manager / Extract and Replicat.  • Created multiple standby databases and changed to Snap shot standby database using data guard broker for Application testing.  • Installed, configured and maintained Oracle Audit Vault and Database Firewall for collecting audit data from multiple databases.  • Installation, setup and configuration of Data Guard for mission critical databases.  • Supported disaster recovery by opening the standby databases in read write mode.  • Set up scripts to monitor log apply on Standby Database.  • Checking for performance impact on the database during load test by application.  • Tuning SQL Query, suggesting application to change code for better performance.  • Experience in active duplication, restoration of databases using RMAN.  • Implementing Database Security, Management of role-based security.  • Applying patches and Oracle DST Patches to 10g/11g databases.  • Manage Oracle RAC database configurations using GoldenGate and Data Guard to ensure maximum availability and data protection.  • Performing day-to-day database administration tasks like Tablespace usage, checking alert log, trace files, monitoring disk usage, Table/index analyze jobs, database backup logs etc.  • Daily DBA activities like Tuning of SQL/PLSQL, Performance Tuning, Database auditing and managing user groups, Database security, OS space monitoring etc.  • Analysing the top long running and most resource consuming SQL statements, finding root cause of slowness, generating the best solution based on available situation.  • Created and monitored Virtual Private Database (VPD) policies for securing sensitive data in PI tables.  • Analyze the database performance and performed database performance tuning.  • Write and modify Unix shell scripts to manage Oracle environment.  • Experience in Database design on OLTP and OLAP databases and maintained database security create and maintain users and roles, assign privileges.  • Logical and physical data modeling using Erwin, Dimensional/OLAP Data Modeling, Relational/OLTP modeling.  • Analyze the database performance and performed database performance tuning.  • Used PL/SQL, SQL Loader as part of ETL process to populate the operational data store.  • Performed scheduling Control-M for scheduling jobs.  • Using Expdp and Impdp utility, upgraded the database from 10g to 11gR2.  • Addition of ASM disks to a database disk group.    Environment:Oracle 12c/11g, Data Guard, Golden Gate,RAC, ASM,PL/SQL, SQL plus, Toad, 12c Grid control Enterprise Manager, Rman, Data Pump, Oracle Virtual Private Database(VPD), Sun Solaris, Red Hat Linux (RHEL). Oracle DBA State of Connecticut - Hartford, CT August 2013 to December 2014 Responsibilities:  • Coordinate in meetings and providing solutions to mission critical relational databases.  • Installation and setting up of 10g and 11g RAC with ASM on AIX 5.3/6 and Red Hat 5.  • Implemented Oracle Data guard for maintained oracle disaster recovery.  • Configuration, maintenance and tuning of 11gR2 Two node RAC Cluster.  • Worked closely with application teams in the migration process of the 9i and 10g databases doing performance testing and designing optimal migration process.  • Created and managed database objects such as tables, indexes, partition tables and views.  • Involved in the process of tuning and refining queries of various applications.  • Perform the Yearly Standby- Data guard Tests (Fail-over/Switch over) using DG Broker.  • Co-ordinate with Unix Administrators for space management on various servers and help in Oracle installation, upgrading according to the standards & Quality assurance.  • Supported in Oracle 10g/9i OLTP/OLAP Over TB on 24*7 Production Environment.  • Experience in using the 11gR2's new features Database and Sql Performance Analyzer.  • Manage data architects, data administrators and client requests.  • Creating and rebuilding indexes and optimizing the code to improve the performance.  • Have done database backup and recovery using (Cold backup/ Hot backup/ Logical).  • Setup backup and recovery procedures using Rman/Snapshot backup Mirroring for high volume DBs.  • Upgrade and Migration of Database from 9.2 to 10g/11g.  • Security User Management, Privileges, Roles, Profiling, OS Authentication.    Environment:SUN Solaris 9.0,RHEL 5.2, PL/SQL Developer,Toad, ASM, Data Guard, Oracle 11g/10g, RAC, Oracle 11g, Oracle Streams, Auto-Sys, SQL*Plus, OEM, Grid Control. Oracle DBA TCF Bank - Milwaukee, WI January 2012 to July 2013 Responsibilities:  • Installed Oracle Database 11g with Real Application Cluster (RAC) with CRS and ASM in SOLARIS environment.  • Configured RAC Physical standby database for RAC primary using ASM filesystem.  • Worked on creation and deletion of RAC resources like listener/instance and database.  • Tuned databases for memory tuning by adjusting Buffer cache size, log switches and reducing check pointing, increasing sort area sizes, shared pool area, prioritizing oracle processes and increasing SGA overall  • Securing stored data using oracle transparent data encryption by installing TDE wallet and creating encrypted tablespaces and storing sensitive data in encrypted tablespaces.  • Capacity Planning and Allocate system storage and plan future storage requirements.  • Perform Daily Monitoring of Oracle instances using Oracle Enterprise Manager, monitor users, table spaces, memory structures, rollback segments, logs and alerts.  • Data migration between environments using Export/Import, expdp/impdp, Transportable Tablespace and Oracle Streams.  • Implemented GoldenGate on Oracle 10g for replication.  • Worked on development of PL/SQL stored procedures and Triggers.  • Applying upgrade patches, maintenance and interim patches on all the databases.  • Performance monitoring and tuning the database using OEM, AWR and ADDM analysis.  • Written Shell scripting which monitors the server's performance and logs output on periodic basis to database.    Environment: Oracle 11g/10g, RAC, Rman, PL/SQL,Stored Procedures, SQL*Loader, Toad for Oracle, OEM, SQL Loader, Unix, Solaris, Linux, AIX 5.x, Windows. Oracle DBA AIG, Fortworth, TX July 2010 to December 2011 Responsibilities:  • Installation and Maintenance of Oracle 10g, 11gR2 RAC on IBM-AIX, LINUX platforms.  • Involved in upgrading and migrating the databases from 10g to 11gR2.  • Implemented the Oracle 11g, Physical Data Guard in Maximum performance mode for production system in case of disaster recovery, maintained primary and standby databases.  • Applied Patches on RAC, Standalone, Standby databases based on the requirements.  • Evaluated mix of backup and recovery methods based on organizational needs. Implemented, tested and documented backup/recovery scenarios for knowledge base.  • Utilized Grid Control to administer multi-node RAC database also managed redo and undo in the RAC environment & Load balancing of RAC instances.  • Used Data Pump for export and import. Performed Table Partitioning, created Index Organized tables and locally managed Tablespaces.  • Monitored and provided weekly reports on the server's memory, disk and CPU I/O using HP tools and UNIX command-line utilities.  • Planned and configured disk layout, mount points and capacity requirements for servers.  • Provided maintenance of user accounts, privileges, profiles and roles.  • Designed, developed and maintained UNIX shell scripts to collect and monitor database metrics and generated AWR, ADDM reports to get RCA on contention issues.  • Experience in implementation of enterprise databases on enterprise Storage Solutions using Storage area Networks (SAN) and Network attached storage (NAS).  • Administered (10g/11gR2 RAC) environments adding and removing nodes to the cluster and handled performance tuning using AWR, SQL Profiles and SQL Tuning Advisor.    Environment:IBM-AIX, Oracle10g/11gR2, RAC, Toad, OEM, Data Guard, Rman, Data Pump,Diagnostic and Tuning Advisors. Education Bachelor's Skills Cache, Data manipulation, Database administration, Database, Ddl, Ms sql server, Ms sql server 2008, Sql server, Sql server 2008, Oltp, Oracle, Pl/sql, Replication, Sql, Sql queries, Aix, Apache, Hp ux, Linux, Red hat Additional Information Summary of Skills:  ? Around 10 years experience in Oracle Database Administration 12c/11g/10g/9i on mission critical Tier-1 large OLTP and OLAP systems in AIX, Sun Solaris, Linux, HP UX and Windows  ? Experience in Installation, configuration and 24/7 database support onOracle 12c, 11g, 10g.  ? Experienced in Upgradation and Migration of Oracle Database across various platforms.  ? Worked on Oracle RAC, GoldenGate and Exadata X7, X5machines.  ? Hands On experience in implementing Data masking policies for protecting the sensitive data in the database.  ? Deep understanding about Exadata specified features such as Smart Scan, HCC Hybrid Columnar Compression, and Flash Cache.  ? Worked closely with Oracle support for Exadata firmware patching to latest release.  ? Configured GoldenGate for extraction and replication of transactional Data Manipulation Language (DML) operations and Data Definition Language (DDL) changes.  ? Knowledge on implementing the cloud services with SAAS/PAAS/IAAS.  ? Knowledge on implementing the cloud services with AWS and using RDS migrating on-premises relational databases like Oracle, SQL Server.  ? Have good knowledge on support Oracle on AWS and supporting other AWS services like VPC, EC2, S3, etc.  ? Experience in NoSQL databases like Cassandra, MongoDB and CouchDB.  ? Installed, Configured and supported multiple Cassandra clusters.  ? Worked on Apache Cassandra database 2.x/3.x and DataStaxEnterprise 5.0/6.0.  ? Experience in verifying, managing and reviewing Cassandra database logs, re-writing SQL queries using CQL.  ? Planned and implemented Disaster Recovery and high availability solutions on Oracle 11g standby database.  ? Experience with Installation, configuration Oracle 11g R1/R2 RAC Two/four node server.  ? Worked on 11g RAC utilities like SRVCTL, CRSCTL, OCRDUMP, OCRCHECK and OCRCONFIG.  ? Implemented automated backup using the Unix Shell script and Cron utility.  ? Expertise in Oracle Enterprise Manager, Grid Control and configuring metrics and alerts.  ? Proficient in all DBA responsibilities such as user management (synonyms/privileges, roles, quotas, table partitioning, index, sequence, space management table spaces, rollback segment), monitoring (alert log, memory, disk I/O, CPU, network activity).  ? Implemented enterprise databases for enterprise storage solutions using Storage area Networks (SAN) and Network Attached Storage (NAS).  ? Designed, implemented Backup, Recovery and Cloned active databases using Rman.  ? Performance Tuning, Application, System Global Area, I/O, Rollback segments using tools like Oracle Enterprise Manager, Toad, Explain Plan, Tkprof, Grid control and Awr reports.  ? Extensive knowledge of Oracle Architecture, SGA, PGA, Binaries, Listener, TNS Names, SQL Net, Rman, Data Guard, Capacity planning, Patch Management V$ and DBA views.    Technical Skills:    Database: Oracle 12c/11g, Exadata, MS SQL Server 2008/2005,  Cassandra 3.x/2.x, MongoDB, CouchDB  Languages: SQL, CQL,PL/SQL, Unix Shell Scripting, C#, C, C++, XML.  Application/Tools: Oracle12c/11g/9i,GoldenGate, Data Guard, OEM 12c/13cRecovery Manager(Rman), Datastax Opscenter, Devcenter Statspack, Erwin, Veritasnet Backup, SQL Loader, Toad 12.x/13.x, PL/SQL Developer 12.x/13.x,ServiceNow  Operating System: Red Hat Linux 6.x/7.x, HP-UX 10.x/11.x, Sun Solaris 10/9, AIX 6.x/7.x, and Windows 10/9/8  Network Protocol: NFS, SFTP, FTP,DNS, DHCP  Cloud Platform: Amazon AWS, OpenStack
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1317.html#355:::SQL Server DBA;Bridge IT Support;SQL Server Database Administrator;Junior Data Base Administrator:::SQL Server DBA SQL Server DBA SQL Server DBA - Wells Fargo Experienced SQL Database Administrator worked on different projects and supported Production and Development environments. Experienced in MS SQL from 2008 - 2016 versions. Self -motivated, well organized a conscientious and dedicated team player with passion. Work Experience SQL Server DBA Wells Fargo - Charlotte, NC July 2018 to Present • Migrate databases from 2008/2008R2/2012/2014 SQL servers to 2017 SQL shared environment (DAN - Database Area Neighborhood environment)  • Prepare Estate Analysis and documents for pre-migration tasks for 2008, 2008R, 2012 and 2014 server environments  • Work on Agile environment for delivering the project  • Create DB shells, users, map login permission and service accounts with the AD group on the targeted server  • Back-up databases from the source server and restore on the target server  • Create, modify and test various SQL queries, stored procedures and views to obtain data from diverse source systems and platforms on test server  • Test databases on the new targeted servers and troubleshoot issues if there is any in collaboration with the application team and the database owners  • Communicate with Application teams to identify and standardize databases according to DAN requirements  • Identify and prepare DAN ineligible databases for remediation with collaboration of App teams  • Identify retired databases and process decommissioning  • Identify and process the transfer of out of scope databases to the company's current standard platforms  • Analyze problems as assigned and provide solutions to address business needs.  • Research for new technologies for opportunities to consolidate and automate tasks.    SQL Server DBA Bridge IT Support Alexandria, VA May 2016 to July 2018 * Administered and managed 2012 and 2014 Development and Production SQL Servers.  * Upgraded servers from 2008 to 2014 for both in place and parallel servers.  * Migrated databases, logins, users, alerts, operators, scheduled maintenance jobs, mail profilers, linked servers using SSIS and SSMS tools.  * Used ETL tools to extract, transform and load data from different sources such as Linked Severs, MS Excel, MS Access, CSV and Oracle to SQL Server.  * Administered database security: creating and auditing logins, users, assigning permission roles and encrypting on column level.  * Designed automated schedule maintenances: database backups, maintenance cleanup, index reorganize and rebuild, Index statistics and database integrity check.  * Configured and implemented high availability and disaster recovery solutions using database technologies: Log Shipping, Mirroring, Always on and Replication.  * Troubleshoot Server performance issues using SQL Tools: execution plans, DBCC Traces-ons, statistics, indexing, tuning wizard, SQL profiler and third party tool: Idera.  * Involved in designing a multitude application utilizing AWS tools (Including EC2, Route53, S3, RDS, IAM) focusing on high-availability and auto-scaling.  * Created AWS Route53 to route traffic between different regions and configured Security group for EC2 Window  * Managed and generated reports using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).  * Installed, configured and worked on VM platforms: HyperV  * Created various scripts using T-SQL: familiarize with the main data manipulation and data definition languages and the principles of database design.  * Created, managed and maintained Data Flow Diagrams using third party tools: Visual Paradigm and MS Visio.  * Reviewed and optimized store procedures, indexes and table trending data flows.  * Managed and deployed different packages on SQL VM and Production Server environment.  * Deployed database change scripts on Development and Production servers.  * Provide 24/7 technical database support for SQL Database servers. SQL Server Database Administrator Ethiopian Airlines - Addis Ababa, ET October 2013 to April 2016 * Worked on SQL Server 2008R2 and 2012 for database schema design, table structures, SQL queries and integration of data sources.  * Installed, upgrade and configured SQL Server on Production and Development servers.  * Performed all day-to-day aspects of SQL database administration: responsibilities include database design, security, performance monitoring and tuning, database availability, backup and recovery and troubleshooting  * Handled and understood client requirements, building new territories and expanding opportunities towards the achievement of stated objectives.  * Created database schema: Tables, Views, writing Stored Procedures, Functions using T-SQL.  * Created and maintained documentation for DBA standard operating procedures.  * Supported clustered and non-clustered environments as well as log shipping for disaster recovery.  * Created and maintained different Maintenance Plans: jobs to automate different database related activities including backup, monitoring database health, disk space, index reorganization and rebuild.  * Worked closely with Project Manager, Programmers, Application Team and Testers to ensure the application meets the business requirements. Junior Data Base Administrator Commercial Nominees - Addis Ababa, ET July 2012 to September 2013 • Worked on SQL Server 2008 environment  • Strongly Proficiency in relational database management  • Experienced in database architecture and program design  • Worked and experienced in database backup, Restore and Point-in-Time Recovery  • Provide customer assistance and support pertaining to database system queries and complains    ENVIROMENT  • SQL Server Administation - 2008/2008R2/2012/2014/2016 • Performance Tuning: SQL Server Profiler, ADERA  • Integration Tools: SQL Server Intergration Services (SSIS) • Cloud: AWS  • Reporting Tools: SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) • Vmware: Hyper-V  • Others: MS Office, MS Visio, Visual Paradigm Education Bachelor's Degree in Marketing Management in Marketing Management Addis Ababa University - Addis Ababa, ET September 2004 to July 2008 Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/mahlet-fekade
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1318.html#356:::SQL Server Database Administrator (DBA);SQL SERVER DBA;Junior SQL Server DBA:::SQL Server Database Administrator (DBA) SQL Server <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> (DBA) SQL Server Database Administrator (DBA) - WORLD BANK GRUOP Takoma Park, MD • IT Professional with 5 years of experience in SQL server Database Administration.  • Experience in installation, maintenance of different versions of SQL Servers (2012, 2008R2/2008/2005/2000) in both OLTP and OLAP lower regions and Production environments.  • Implemented High Availability & Disaster Recovery techniques like AlwaysON Availability Groups, Clustering (Both Active-Active and Active--Passive), Database Mirroring, Transactional Replication and Log Shipping.  • Upgraded SQL Server databases from SQL Server 2000/2005 to SQL Server 2008R2/2012.  • Hands on experience in working with MSSQL SERVER 2005, 2008 and 2008R2 features and extensive knowledge on SQL 2012/2014 new features.  • Exquisite skills in SSMS-Creating and scheduling jobs, alerts and operators with SQL Server Agent, handling Backup/Recovery of databases, Replication, Linked Servers, and Database Maintenance.  • Expertise in Performance Tuning, Index Tuning, Maintenance, Troubleshooting, Query Optimization, Client/Server connectivity and Database Consistency Checks using DBCC Utilities, DMVs and DMFs.  • Expert in using Native tools like SQL Server Profiler, and Database Tuning Advisor.  • Hands-on experience in resolving locks deadlocks, handling Isolation levels and performance issues like CPU, I/O, Memory bottlenecks.  • Experience in Physical and logical data modeling using ERWIN & VISIO.  • Experience in planning and implementing Database Security by creating Logins, Users, Roles and assigning permissions according to the requirement.  • Experience in developing and tuning SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) packages and SSRS reports.  • Configuring and maintaining Report Manager and Report Server for reporting services  • Handled numerous Change Management requests on production servers and Supported 24 X 7 Production on Call.  • Documenting procedures in runbooks. Work Experience SQL Server Database Administrator (DBA) WORLD BANK GRUOP - Washington, DC July 2017 to Present Responsibilities-  • Installation of MS SQL Server 2014/2012/2008 on Window Clustered and Standalone Environment with the latest service pack.  • Responsible for SQL server logical and physical database design, implementation, and maintenance.  • Manage SQL Server databases through multiple product lifecycle environments, from development to mission-critical production systems.  • Perform daily checkups on SQL jobs, replication, hardware diagnostics for hard drives, backups, disk space, SQL and windows error logs as part of proactive maintenance plan.  • Configured 3-Node windows failover clustering and SQL Server 2014 Always-on group.  • Configured Log shipping for multiple databases for Disaster Recovery.  • Configured Table Partitioning on huge tables containing millions of rows for better performance.  • Developed automated jobs using maintenance plan daily, weekly and monthly such as Database backup, Integrity checks and index Rebuild index Reorganized and Update statistics.  • Implemented security to restrict the access to users and to allow them to use only certain reports.  • Upgrade databases from SQL Server 2008 to SQL Server 2014.  • Set up transactional and snapshot replication among SQL Server 2014/2012/2008 boxes  • Backing up system and user databases and restoring them when necessary.  • Schedule the jobs for the Database Maintenance.  • Auditing stored procedures for optimization and improving performance.  • Use PowerShell to execute batch files and other scripting tasks.  • Run DBCC commands to check the database consistency and shrink the databases.  • Resolving various performance issues and running DBCC commands, SQL Tracer, SQL Profiler.  • Monitored and modified performance using execution plans and index tuning.  • Resolve Locks Deadlock by handling Isolation level and performance issues like CPU, IO and Memory.  • Fixing missing indexes and Excess indexes.  • Transparent data encryptions (TDE) understand data corruption and troubleshooting encryption problems.  • Prepared Documentation for the Disaster Recovery plan.  • Writing Stored Procedures, Triggers and Functions as per client requirements.  • Configure and Deploying SSIS Package and SSRS Report.    Environment:  Windows server 2012R2/2008, MS SQL Server 2014/2012//2008R2, .net, Power designer, Microsoft Outlook, Quest Spotlight, Team Foundation Server (TFS) SQL SERVER DBA Allied Universal September 2015 to June 2017 Maryland  Responsibilities  • Managed and Administrated the SQL Server 2012/2008R2/2008/2005/2000 production and Non- production servers.  • Installation of SQL Server 2008R2/05 on Windows Server Clustered environment.  • Upgraded/Migrated SQL Server 2005/2000 databases to SQL Server 2008R2 databases.  • Migrated SQL Server 2000 databases to SQL Server 2005 databases including DTS to SSIS packages.  • Configured data partitioning/table partitioning on huge tables containing millions of rows for better performance.  • Configured Backups, optimization jobs and involved in restoring database to point in time in case of issues, troubleshooting long running queries, locks, deadlocks and performance issues.  • Implemented new features in SQL 2008 like Policy based Management, Table Compression & backup compression, SQL Server Auditing, Resource Governor and MERGE statement in T-SQL.  • Setting up and Monitored transactional replication, Database mirroring on Production, QA and Dev servers.  • Monitored Log shipping/ Transactional Replication and troubleshooting errors.  • Extensively worked on Profiler, DMVs, DMFs and DTA to tune the databases, servers and query tuning.  • Managed Security using SQL Logins, Roles and Security Modes for various users.  • Configured and deployed SSIS Packages from Test to Production Environments.  • Supported 24 X 7 Production On call    Environment: CORCORAN GALLARY - Washington, DC May 2014 to July 2015 My Responsibilities were:  • Installed the SQL Server 2008 at the beginning of the project.  • Administering the MS SQL Server by creating user logins with appropriate roles, dropping and locking the logins, monitoring the user accounts, creation of groups, granting the privileges to users and groups.  • Creating and managing schema objects such as tables, views, clusters, indexes, procedures, triggers.  • Managing the use of disk space, memory and connections.  • Monitoring MS SQL Server performance and network issues.  • Managing the use of disk space, memory and connections. Running DBCC consistency checks and analyzing stack traces, if generated  • Assigning the database users to particular groups.  • Database and log backups & restoration, backup strategies, scheduling backups.  • Implemented SQL server high availability tools like Log shipping and used Failover clustering as well carefully scheduled maintenance to minimize downtime.  • Solved Concurrency problems of blocks, locks, deadlocks, by viewing and tracking them using Activity Monitor and Management Studio summery page and Profiler.  • Created the SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) and DTS Packages for executing the required tasks.    Environment:  SQL Server 2005, SQL Server 2000, Windows 2003/2000 Server, Visio. Enterprise Manager, SQL Query Analyzer, SQL Profiler.  Professional Summary    Administration of MS SQL Server 2012/2008/2005/2000/, ETL Tools MS SSIS and DTS, TSQL, SQL Server bulk insert and BCP utilities  Tools IIS, SSIS, DTS, Lite Speed, Spotlight, Visual Studio 2003/2005, Team Foundation Server (TFS), Visio 2003, Enterprise manager, query analyzer, SQL Profiler, Red gate, Tivoli, Symantec Net Backup  Databases SQL Server 2012/2008R2/2008/2005/2000, MSSQL, MS Access, Oracle. Junior SQL Server DBA Index Tuning Wizard 2005 to 2008 Data Transformation Services (DTS), SSIS, SSRS reports, MSSQL Server2000 Analysis Server)  Junior SQL Server DBA
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1319.html#357:::Tactical Power Generation Specialist;Cargo Warehouse Agent;Database Administrator;Remote Helpdesk Technician;CIRCUITRY;LINUX (7 years);DIESEL;ORACLE (7 years);SWITCHING (1 year):::Tactical Power Generation Specialist Tactical Power Generation Specialist Tactical Power Generation Specialist - Massachusetts Army National Guard Boston, MA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Tactical Power Generation Specialist Massachusetts Army National Guard - Boston, MA 2017 to Present • Supervise and perform maintenance and overhaul of power-generation equipment, internal combustion engines, and associated equipment  • Coordinate with team of five to thoroughly execute instructions to ensure generators are ready at any moment in preparation for potential natural disasters  • Troubleshoot generators and engines, as well as their electrical systems, for mobile and stationary power plants Cargo Warehouse Agent Boston, MA 2017 to 2019 • Complete regularly scheduled pick-ups and drop-offs at designated locations around airport  • Loaded/unloaded air cargo from/to trucks in coordination with dispatcher  • Match package codes and review paperwork to ensure cargo was correctly loaded  • Drove trucks safely, complying with company procedures and rules of the road  • Train new team members on policies, flow of work, and best practices Database Administrator Nucleo Operacional da Sociedade de Informação - Praia, CV 2009 to 2017 • Coordinated across IT departments to ensure high quality service provided to over 100 users  • Continually researched and stayed updated with new technologies in order to address new challenges facing users  • Installed and configured operating systems (Linux, Windows)  • Installed and created databases, applications servers, and report servers in Oracle  • Configured databases, applications servers, and report servers  • Monitored databases, applications servers, and report servers  • Trained staff and colleagues for infrastructure projects to support electronic government. Remote Helpdesk Technician Portugal Telecom Contact - Lisbon, PT 2008 to 2008 • Troubleshot issues related to internet, TV, computers (Windows and Mac OS) and phone as well as configured internet (wireless and cable)  • Configured email accounts across different providers like Gmail and Yahoo  • Provided excellent customer service for users and non-users over the phone in a busy call center atmosphere  • Supported network issues and troubleshot routers Education Certificate in Health Information Tecnology Bunker Hill Community College - Boston, MA 2019 Bachelor of Science in Computer Science and Engineering in Computer Science New University of Lisbon - Lisbon, PT November 2003 to September 2008 Skills CIRCUITRY, LINUX (7 years), DIESEL, ORACLE (7 years), SWITCHING (1 year) Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+ October 2018 to October 2021
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\132.html#358:::Oracle Database Administrator;Junior Oracle Database Administrator;ORACLE (3 years);LINUX (2 years);OEM (2 years);REMEDY (2 years);RMAN (2 years):::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - disys solution inc Frederick, MD Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator disys solution inc - Washington, DC September 2015 to Present * Installs, configures, manages and troubleshoots of Oracle 11g and 12c databases on Linux OS  * Knowledge of in the creation of databases, table spaces, tables and other database objects.  * Handling day-to-day activities and resolving ticket using remedy tool  * Configures and manages Oracle Enterprise Manager.  * Creates and manages documentation on the configuration and support of the Oracle databases  * Documents database structure, changes, problems, issues for future reference  * Administers database user accounts, creates, modifies and deactivates user accounts, assigns and monitors user access rights  * Creates test and development databases following OFA compliance rules.  * Identifies and removes fragmentation, row migration/chaining of database objects.  * Manages Undo Tablespaces, Redo Logs, Control files and Archive logs.  * Performs logical backups using data pump ( export and import)  * Monitors user sessions and take appropriate action to kill inactive sessions  * Performs various performance goal oriented database tuning using AWR, ADDM, ASH and Oracle tuning advisors.  * Performs database refreshes from production to non-production environments  * Performs instance tuning, memory tuning query tuning and complete database tuning.  * Creates and implemented various table partitions for large tables  * Applies quarterly CPU patches to different version of databases.  * Upgrades Oracle 11gR2 databases from 11.2.0.3 to 12.1.0.2 using patch set  * Moves data from one database to the other using Transportable tablespace  * Monitors databases daily to ensure availability and optimal performance.  * Performs both full and incremental database backups for database restore, and recovery using RMAN.  * Uses Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) as an interface to manage the Oracle databases  * Experienced with designing databases and developing entity-relationship diagrams. Junior Oracle Database Administrator Crossmark - Washington, DC June 2014 to September 2015 * Installed and configured oracle 11g databases  * Created primary database objects (tables, views, indexes) once application developers have designed an application  * Reorganized data files, identified and eliminated contention factors like I/O, buffers and locks.  * Performance tuning of application and database, identification and resolution of contention, defining and implementing Backup Recovery policy, and day-to-day monitoring of the Production database  * Worked on the physical and logical designing of the database, which includes the distribution of data- files on different disks  * Controlled and monitored user access to the database. Optimized the performance of the database. Tuned SGA data dictionary and set database parameters  * Allocated the separate rollback segments for the Batch processing jobs in order to speed up processing  * Reorganized data files, identification and elimination of contention factors like I/O, buffers and locks Education BS in Computer Science University of Windsor Skills ORACLE (3 years), LINUX (2 years), OEM (2 years), REMEDY (2 years), RMAN (2 years) Additional Information Technical Skills    Operating System: Red Hat Linux 5.0, 5.4, 6.5  RDBMS: Oracle 11gR2 and 12cR1  Tuning Utilities: AWR, ADDM, ASH  Backup Utilities: Data Pump Import and Export, RMAN  Tools: SQL Plus, Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM), and SQL * Loader, Remedy Ticketing  High Availability: Knowledge of Real Application Cluster (RAC) and Data guard  Language: SQL PLUS, PL/SQL, JAVA  Web Technology: HTML, CSS and JavaScript  Virtual Machine: VM Ware server 2.0 to 2.2, Oracle VM Virtual box 4.0
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1320.html#359:::Cloud Operations Engineer Intern;Security Admin Intern;Airport Services Agent;IT Specialist/Intern;EHR Database Administrator;Azure (2 years);AWS (1 year):::Cloud Operations Engineer Intern Cloud Operations Engineer Intern Cloud Operations Engineer Intern - National Security Services Ashburn, VA Work Experience Cloud Operations Engineer Intern National Security Services - Herndon, VA June 2019 to Present • Created annual access validation tickets in Jira for more than 70 employees and contractors  • Monitored VM usage of AWS instances in Splunk across multiple environments  • Assisted cloud asset management team in determining which AWS instances should be  scaled down or disabled based off of Splunk analysis  • Updated artifacts such as CIS and SSP in preparation for FedRAMP audit   • Consolidated software used across enterprise cloud environments into comprehensive guide  • Generated manual for penetration test that provides detailed information about each SAP environment  • Created artifacts for private ticketing system to be utilized by US Army Security Admin Intern Network for Good - Washington, DC October 2018 to May 2019 • Assisted CSO and technology team in properly designing solutions to alleviate risk • Python  • Implemented best practice guidelines and techniques regarding incident response to ensure business  continuity  • Monitored and audited of internal policies and procedures  • Performed scanning of systems within local network, and log all security related incidents using ControlScan  • Assisted in designing architecture to implement COBIT 5 framework • Confluence  • Aided in governing various frameworks best practices throughout the enterprise IT environment  • Engaged in quarterly security reviews to track and record company's compliance history  • Part of team to ensure enterprise is PCI-DSS, GDPR, and CCPA compliant Airport Services Agent Emirates - Dulles, VA December 2017 to October 2018 • Deployed available Emirates resources to best advantage in order to satisfy passenger and  operational requirements arising during each operation  • Followed all Emirates SOP's in all situations and made sure all policies were executed  • Worked collectively with a diverse set of individuals to ensure smooth day to day operations IT Specialist/Intern The Greater Good - Ashburn, VA February 2016 to November 2017 • Installed and maintained computer systems  • Ran social media accounts  • Used Google Analytics to track data from TGG website  • Participated in meetings regarding future events  • Coordinated with local relief shelters and food pantries to organize events sponsored by TGG EHR Database Administrator Loudoun Medical Group, P.C - Purcellville, VA April 2014 to March 2016 • Managed cloud based EHR, PracticeFusion  • Worked with a diverse professional team to provide excellent service to patients Education B.A. in Economics George Mason University - Fairfax, VA 2016 to Present A.S. in General Studies Northern Virginia Community College - Annandale, VA 2014 to 2015 Skills Azure (2 years), AWS (1 year) Links https://thehammadyousuf.net Certifications/Licenses Splunk 7.x Fundamentals Part 1 June 2019 to Present
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1321.html#360:::City Planner II & Development Review Administrator;City Planner I;GIS and Database Technician;Database Technician;City Planner I;Editor and Office Manager;Undergraduate Research Assistant:::City Planner II & Development Review Administrator City Planner II &amp; Development Review <span class="hl">Administrator</span> City Planner II & Development Review Administrator - City of Colorado Springs Colorado Springs, CO Work Experience City Planner II & Development Review Administrator City of Colorado Springs - Colorado Springs, CO December 2018 to Present Colorado Springs, CO 80905  • Review and approve commercial and multi-family residential development plans, concept  plans, plats, master plan amendment, zone changes and conditional uses  • Conduct day-to-day administration, including addressing work conduct issues with staff  • Act as the liaison between the Development Review Enterprise and Regional Building Dept  • Hold meetings with stakeholders to analyze project feasibility, provide planning support, define project schedules, conduct research, and create project management matrix  • Mentor and train newly hired personnel  • Facilitate community meetings for contentious development projects City Planner I City of Colorado Springs - Colorado Springs, CO November 2017 to Present Review land use proposals and development plans, guide clients to reach project  requirements and coordinate communication for all reviewing agencies  • Coordinate with Legal Department and Engineering Department to determine environmental  and geologic hazard mitigations for construction suitability at susceptible sites  • Design planning templates, page layout with graphics, and maps based on scope of work  • Respond to customer inquiries regarding permitting, zoning, and land use regulations GIS and Database Technician Anschutz Exploration Corporation - Denver, CO October 2015 to November 2017 80202  • Designed and implemented activity web map, manage data sources and updates  • Project lead for AOI - coordinated with departments, collected data, provided GIS support  • Created maps, geocoded parcels, digitized and geo-referenced images with ArcGIS Suite  • Revised existing GIS layers, created shapefiles, managed symbology and labeling in maps  • Imported/exported data with software packages, QA/QC and maintain data integrity Database Technician City of Colorado Springs - Colorado Springs, CO April 2015 to October 2015 Colorado Springs, CO 80909  • Communicated city ordinance to the public and resolved issues  • Analyzed aerial imagery and created reports in Cartegraph for Foresters  • Utilized ArcGIS to create maps, chart technician routes, and plot custom reports  • Reviewed and issued forestry permits, provided support to City Forester and Staff Forester City Planner I City of Fountain - Fountain, CO August 2014 to December 2014 80817  • Processed and conducted review of permits and planning proposals  • Conducted property research regarding zoning history, development patterns and land use  • Applied principals, practices and techniques of federal, urban, and regional planning  • Interpreted technical material and wrote, edited, and delivered planning content Editor and Office Manager Navitas Systems - Ann Arbor, MI August 2013 to August 2014 48108  • Designed page layouts, various charts and figures, brochures, and slide show presentations  • Edited text for all press releases, web content, data sheets and marketing material  • Implemented graphic design changes to data sheets and brochures using Adobe InDesign  • Coordinated tradeshow and conference exhibitor arrangements, registration and logistics  • Managed event and press section of the website as well as social media accounts Environmental Systems Management & Ecology Study Abroad December 2011 to January 2012 British Virgin Islands  • Completed wetland delineation project and species diversity reports  • Created geological comparison studies and threatened/endangered species surveys  • Analyzed renewable energy and water conservation practices quantified ecologic services Undergraduate Research Assistant Communications Department - East Lansing, MI September 2011 to January 2012 48823  • Collected, analyzed, and managed data for content analysis projects  • Collaborated with fellow URA's and reported results, read and summarized research reports  • Orchestrated research experiments and surveys on campus Education Geographic Information Systems Certification Michigan State University - East Lansing, MI July 2015 to May 2017 Bachelor of Science in Environmental Planning Michigan State University - East Lansing, MI September 2007 to August 2012
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1322.html#361:::Innovation Account Manager;Contracted Worker;Customer Service/Sales;Service Center Representative;Patient Care Advocate;Database Administrator;Customer service;Excel;Powerpoint;Ms word;Word;Web based:::Innovation Account Manager Innovation Account Manager Innovation Account Manager - Staples, Inc Orlando, FL Business Retention  Customer Service  Sales Marketing  Excellent Commination Skills Work Experience Innovation Account Manager Staples, Inc April 2016 to Present • Retaining and educating customers on the Staples Business Advantage program  • Provide business review and analysis towards annual revenue savings  • Piloted various programs  • Developed playbooks for Staples-wide sales implementation Contracted Worker Randstad - Orlando, FL 2014 to 2016 * Worked in various small contract jobs  * Worked in Call Center atmosphere Customer Service/Sales Sears Holdings March 2014 to December 2014 Called potential customers to set up appointments for Home Improvement needs Service Center Representative September 2013 to January 2014 • Created FMLA, Disability & Workers Compensation Claims for large corporations  • Educated and consulted customers on types of claims according to specific needs Patient Care Advocate Express Scripts June 2009 to May 2012 • Managed patient pharmaceutical benefits  • Handled refill processing  • Advocated on medicinal advice  • Handled accounts payable and receivable transactions Database Administrator Mastec Inc August 2007 to June 2008 • Managed and tracked field technicians for home installation appointments  • Managed quality assurance concerns Education Radio Announcing and Advertising Columbia Broadcasting School - Orlando, FL 1984 to 1985 Certificate of Excellence University of District of Columbia 1982 to 1985 Skills Customer service, Excel, Powerpoint, Ms word, Word, Web based Assessments Sales Skills: Influence & Negotiation — Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to effectively use influence and negotiation techniques to engage with and persuade customers. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/thaquy1-vffg1kkj Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Expertise  To work with a world class organization that will continue to challenge and enhance my sales and customer service skills.    Problem solving skills  MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Salesforce, various Web based programs
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1323.html#362:::SQL Server Database Administrator;Senior DBA;MS SQL DBA 24x7:::SQL Server Database Administrator SQL Server <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> SQL Server Database Administrator - IBM India Pvt.Ltd Santa Clara, CA • Carrying with 7+ years of IT experience.  • Hands-on experience in solving technical problems in SQL Server 2000 & 2005 running under Windows 2003 server.  • Comprehensive knowledge on DBA tasks.  • Working on the backup tools like TSM/TDP.  • Have Participated on Disaster Recovery Test projects. Work Experience SQL Server Database Administrator IBM India Pvt.Ltd - Bangalore, Karnataka June 2009 to Present Bangalore, India)    Project Profile  1. Capital One Financial Corp Senior DBA IBM India Pvt.Ltd June 2009 to Present US)  Company: IBM India Private Limited  Tools: SQL Server 2000, SQL Server 2005 Windows 2000/2003,    Client Introduction:  Capital One Financial Corp is a U.S. based bank holding company specializing in credit cards, home loans, auto loans, banking, and savings products. A member of the Fortune 500, the company helped pioneer the mass marketing of credit cards in the early 1990s, and it is now the fourth largest customer of the United States Postal Service and has the 8th largest deposit portfolio in the United States. The capital one project supports the servers and applications like Auto Finance(Data Warehouse), Bank, Online Banking, Call Centre, E-Commerce etc..    Roles & Responsibilities:  • Installation and configuration of MS SQL Server 2000/2005/2008 and Apply Service Packs and Security Patches  • Hardening the server after sql Installation  • Break fix, troubleshoot and resolve Remedy/Peregrine Tickets assigned to production database DBA Group.  • Creating and Implementing Changes & Tickets in HPSM.  • Handling 11 TB Database.  • Handling 5 Data Ware House Servers.  • Creating logins and granting roles and permissions to users.  • Maintaining logins and make them Nezumi Compliance.  • Taking active part in production rollout process  • Server's uptime and Maintenance Backup Report.  • Creating Database Growth/Capacity/Disk Utilization Reports on Daily/Weekly Basis  • Capacity planning for new and existing databases and databases environments.  • Monitoring regular Backups of databases and restore database when needed.  • Performance Monitoring.  • Trouble shooting the server during production issues  • Creating jobs and maintenance plans as per the requirement  • Using Idera to monitor CPU & Memory usage and record database activities of particular users, applications.  • Maintaining documents as per the policy.  • Participated in DR activity twice MS SQL DBA 24x7 Shams HealthCare Software Pvt. Ltd - Bangalore, Karnataka October 2006 to February 2009 Bangalore, India)    SQL DBA Roles & Responsibilities:  • Responsible for running and maintaining in-house and customer SQL Servers and applications (100+ customer sites)  • Installing, configuring and Managing SQL Server at live sites and in-house servers  • Responsible for doing Server Monitoring and resolving the maximum issue on every Quarterly at live sites and in-house servers.  • Responsible for maintaining and advising hardware requirements  • Responsible for assisting customer / in-house users for any SQL / Windows issues  • Install / Configure and monitor SQL Servers on all 100+ customer sites and in-house servers.  • Manage Users and Security as per company need (Automated)  • Perform Backups and Restores  • Troubleshoot / Monitor data and log growth usage for 100+ customers.  • Troubleshoot SQL / Windows Server related issues for 100+ customer sites and all in-house servers.  • Server connection Issues for client sites for Support Groups, Integration, and Development and even from outside clients.  • Responsible for SQL Server and O/S service packs, deployed databases, and patches at live sites and in-house servers.  • Responsible for doing file transfer as per request using (RDP, VNC and VPN all type connections)  • Responsible for doing DriveSpace analysis/Growth of database, shrinking database logs and managing e-pages and co-ordinate with sites if needed  • Automated Messages/e-pages review for proactive resolution of issues such as low disk drive space, abnormal memory and CPU usage  • Server reboot checks and analysis about server settings and cause of reboots.  • Responsible for Monitoring Replication  • Responsible for Monitoring Clustering  • Installation of TSG Products  • Work 24x7 during SQL conversions/recovery event Education B.E. in Computer Science and Engineering Sri Krishna College of Engineering and Technology, Coimbatore affiliated to Anna University May 2001 St Antony Matriculation Higher Secondary School 1999
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1324.html#363:::System Administrator;Technology Specialist;Tier 3 Service Desk Technician;IT Support Analyst;System Administrator;Database Assistant Administrator and Desktop Support;Active directory;Encryption;Erp;Deployment;Backups;Data backup;Imaging;Mac;Shipping;Shipping and receiving;Inventory;Liaison;Integration;Asset management:::System Administrator System <span class="hl">Administrator</span> System Administrator - Cedars-Sinai Hospital Los Angeles, CA Work Experience System Administrator Cedars-Sinai Hospital February 2019 to Present * Address user tickets regarding hardware, software and networking; walk users through installing applications and computer peripherals.  * Network and connect computers within organization to achieve better communication.  * Ask targeted questions to diagnose problems.  * Develop and manage effective professional working relationships with contractor personnel, co-workers and clients.  * Install and configure software and hardware  * Patching applications  * Manage network servers and technology tools  * Set up accounts and workstations  * Monitor performance and maintain systems according to requirements  * Troubleshoot issues and outages  * Ensure security through access controls, backups and firewalls  * Upgrade systems with new releases and models  * Order or buy computer systems and coordinate with purchase and supplies department.  * Infor M3 ERP Establish, execute and monitor implementation plan within Infor M3 suite or technology  * Use Microsoft SAM for asset management along with SCCM and Active Directory.  * System Administrator working with EIS with Windows 10 for windows 10 deployment and service.  * Imaging computers and laptop to Windows 10 and Windows 7 using tools like SCCM, USMT, SCCM Client Tool, deployment along with Client Management System to upgrade or update computers. Part of the Windows 10 team responding to incidents and requests ticket regarding windows 10.  * Using tools like Client MGT and SCCM, SCCM Client Tool, USMT Client Center push the image into the software center and upgrade the laptop with zero data lost.  * Using the SLA program to meet the deadline and unsure the deployment efficiency and accuracy.  * MAC troubleshooting, responding to MAC open ticket regarding some application or network and connectivity issues.  * Perform Desktop Support Service.  * Using Tanium to provide an endpoint agent for laptops, workstations, and servers running Windows, macOS, Linux.  * Infor M3 ERP Analysis - Investigating processes to understand operations. Researching, analyzing, and understanding workflows of end users.  Building & Testing - Developing, testing, deploying, and evaluating appropriate interface solutions and ongoing maintenance needs for sustainable processes. Appropriately configuring systems to improve processes, add efficiencies, and promote patient safety.  Troubleshooting - Resolving integration/mapping issues. Methodically approaching problems or processes to troubleshoot and resolve. Developing application and integrated test scripts. Participating in thoroughly testing builds. Providing on-call support based on upon application needs. Technology Specialist Foley & Lardner Law Firm - Los Angeles, CA November 2018 to January 2019 * Installs, modifies and makes minor repairs to personal computer hardware and software systems, and provides technical advice and support to system users. Migration from Windows 7 to Windows 10.  * Identifies and procures the hardware and software needed to satisfy user requirements.  * Installs hardware and peripheral components such as monitors, keyboards, printers and disk drives on users' premises.  * Loads appropriate software packages such as operating systems, networking components and office applications.  * Assists in the customization and adaptation of existing programs to meet users' requirements.  * Provides telephone, in-person and online support to end-users.  * Coordinates activities with network services and information systems groups.  * Provides updates, status and completion information to manager and/or users, via voicemail, e-mail or in-person communication.  * Infor M3 ERP Develop functional/technical solution & configuration that matches client requirements and design specifications  * Refers major hardware problems to service personnel for correction.  * Set up the video conference room with the Cisco AV system for either phone conference, video conference via telephone line or internet. Also, we used the Zoom video conferencing when the meeting involves parties from different countries and when it's more internet based connection. We also have Google Hangouts as a backup plan, in case anything goes wrong we can used it or when the line phone has an outage, and the internet connection is slow, and we need the meeting to be cellphone base.  * Using ServiceNow Asset Management, track the devices inventory along with shipping and receiving. Tier 3 Service Desk Technician United States Department of Veteran Affairs - Long Beach, CA April 2017 to November 2018 * Provided technical and security support services including Help Desk and Desktop Technical Support using the SLA program. Ticket received and closed timely.  * Maintained, analyzed, and troubleshoot hardware, software and computer peripherals. Sets up and configures all hardware.  * Ensured all tickets requiring follow-up work and calls are resolved. Tests, images, and cleans PCs, laptops, and other related hardware.  * Remediated software version vulnerabilities and keep on top of changes to the environment  * Installed and uninstalled equipment when required and fulfill virtual team member requirements, as needed  * Continuously identifies and remediate security deficiencies on VA's network infrastructure, database platforms, and Web application servers  * Implemented VA's configuration management controls to ensure VA systems have appropriate security baselines and up-to-date vulnerability patches  * Installed patches to address security deficiencies  * Adhered to standardized system development and change management controls for mission-critical systems  * Troubleshoot user PC (Windows 7 and 10) computers and MAC (Sierra) computers. Addressed user tickets regarding hardware, software and networking.  * Check SolarWinds concerning network and systems status on a recurring basis and take action to address problems/issues.  * Performed troubleshooting, including server resets (Citrix). Assisted remote user using Citrix platform, pinging servers, DNS, DHPC, TCP/IP protocol, Active Directory AD Supporter user accounts management, etc.  * With Netflow provide statistical reporting data on post communications links as required.  * Tanium as security tool is used to have a complete visibility to find threats or indicators of malicious activity, and then responding and remediating.  * Maintaining a log and track metrics on network outages. Used remote tools like Skype for business troubleshoot remote user computers, printers' desktops and laptops, also troubleshooting on site computers with setting static IP addresses for PC and MAC, FAX machines and printers.  * MAC troubleshooting like clearing the PRAM related to boot issues or halted startup, Recovery partition, Password reset Citrix receiver for VPN access, Endpoint encryption.  * SolarWinds, Network Management and Performance, Server Application Monitor, Database Performance Analyzer, Virtualization Manager, Storage Resource Monitor.  * Using ServiceNow Asset Management, track the devices inventory along with shipping and receiving.  * Infor M3 ERP comfortably presenting information to colleagues and end users and tailoring communication to the audience. Communicating, collaborating, and sharing knowledge with team.  * Developing Knowledge/Skills - Obtaining an in-depth knowledge of application and a general knowledge of other applications supported.  * Qualifications    * SCOM data monitoring system, track performance information of computer system.  * Mapping End user Archives and setting they printer.  * Used Service Now ticketing system open ticket for user, follow-up with the user, close or escalate tickets. IT Support Analyst Children's Hospital Los Angeles - Los Angeles, CA September 2016 to March 2017 • Addressed user tickets (itrack ticketing system) regarding hardware, software and networking.  • Installation, Deployment and Refresh Services.  • Imaging VDI computer and deploy them.  • Backup and restore user profile and data.  • Imaged windows 10 computer install all required user software and deploy and set up the new windows 10 device.  • Walked customers through installing applications and computer peripherals  • Designed and deployed new applications and enhancements to existing applications, software, and operating systems  • Conducted research on software and systems products to justify recommendations and to support purchasing efforts  • Responsible for imaging, deploying more than 1,600 PC computer systems.  • Assembled the medical wow (workstation on wheels), programmed and deployed, installed and configured the VDI virtual machines.  • Used SCCM and USMT for migration PC'S and Laptop from Windows 7 to Windows 10. System Administrator Securistar - Los Angeles, CA February 2014 to September 2016 • Desktop support in charge of providing excellent end user experience, which includes resolving potential or actual technical issues.  • Troubleshoot different software packages, hardware devices, and other peripherals.  • Managed domain controllers and services, monitoring replication and AD health, ensuring proper configuration, configuring LDAP integration.  • Supported DNS and DHCP operations, managing sites and services, managing domain and domain controller security policies, hardening Domain Controllers, managing member server and workstation policies, organizational structures and application-specific attributes for Active Directory-enabled and integrated applications.  • Provided Active Directory service support to IT projects and teams such as networking, applications, infrastructure and desktop support.  • Supported a Microsoft AD environment in order to meet and maintain uninterrupted operations  • Performed general system administration duties in a Windows Active Directory environment, including setting and maintaining policies and user rights  • Maintained appropriate documentation on the Microsoft Active Directory  • Monitored Windows servers systems and application logs and troubleshoot problems  • Implemented and maintained LANs and WANs, including VLAN.  • Set up the video conference meeting using Webex and Sisco video conference equipment.  • Implemented network controls, including policies and rights, with the aim of ensuring information security  • Monitored network traffic and network logs for the purpose of detecting abnormalities and implementing corrective and preventive measures, including network monitoring tools  • Configured and maintained HP/Cisco Managed Switches, Cisco Routers and FortiGate UTMs Database Assistant Administrator and Desktop Support CNDJ Ivory Coast Law and Documentation Institution September 2005 to February 2007 • Database maintenance update, and development  • Resolved memory corruption and other technical issues by leveraging strengths in coding, debugging and integration testing.  • Provide networking and desktop support, account maintenance and printing assistance.  • Installation and configuration of software applications on users' desktops  • Installation, configuration and maintenance of hardware peripherals such as bar code scanners, POS devices, and other hardware devices that support the various business units, Education MSCIS Master's Degree in Computer Information Systems in Computer Information Systems California University of Management and Sciences - Anaheim, CA April 2013 to September 2015 MBA in Business Administration Bangalore University, Indo Asian Academy - Bengaluru, Karnataka July 2010 to October 2012 BCA Bachelor of Computer Application in Computer Application Bangalore University Garden City College - Bengaluru, Karnataka March 2007 to June 2010 Skills Active directory, Encryption, Erp, Deployment, Backups, Data backup, Imaging, Mac, Shipping, Shipping and receiving, Inventory, Liaison, Integration, Asset management Additional Information SKILLS    * Planning the appropriate system needs of a company  * Installing the appropriate systems  * Providing support for the systems throughout the working day  * Solving problems connected to the network and the systems  * Monitoring the network efficiency  * PowerShell for encryption.  * Active Directory  * Performing regular backups and restoring information if necessary  * Patching applications.  * Liaison with the website hosting provider if necessary  * Applying patches and updates  * Identifying the needs of the company and assessing whether they are being met by the current system  * Planning security measures  * Using ServiceNow Asset Management, track the devices inventory along with shipping and receiving  * MSP (Managed Service Provider) IT project work, such as computer systems installation and integration.  * SCCM and USMT for software deployment, migration and Data backup and restoration.  * MAC troubleshooting configuration and imaging.  * Infor M3 ERP
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1325.html#364:::Scrum Master;Scrum Master;DBA/ Automation Engineer;Oracle Database Administrator;Database;Oracle;Jira;Forecasting;Capacity planning;Agile Scrum;Scrum;Scrum Master;CSM;Confluence (1 year);SAFe (1 year):::Scrum Master Scrum Master Scrum Master - DXC New Orleans, LA I have 4+ years of hands-on experience of Agile Methodology and Waterfall framework and have worked on Agile frameworks such as Scrum and Kanban as a Certified Scrum Master. My 7+ overall years in an IT environment, dealing with multiple software life cycles from concept, design, development, testing and delivery have given me seasoned experience as a Scrum Master. I am a goal-oriented, result-driven individual with outstanding professional capabilities which cuts across all levels of an organization. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Scrum Master DXC - New Orleans, LA March 2019 to Present • Act as a leader to our software development team  • Facilitate daily scrums, stand-ups, and meetings to monitor project progress and resolve any issues the team may be experiencing  • Shape team behavior through excellent management via the agile method  • Perform reviews on software development team members  • Remove project obstacles, develop solutions with team  • Ensure milestones are reached and deadlines are met throughout project lifecycle  • Build strong relationships with stakeholders, application users, and product owners  • Document progress and communicate to upper management and stakeholders  • Use Jira and confluence for project tracking Scrum Master Technica LLC - Albany, GA November 2015 to 2019 • Upgrade to 12c Weblogic Application DISA STIG, With collaboration from out team and business partners, a backlog was developed.  • I used my IT knowledge to interpret business requirements into system specifications, write stories for development deliverables and assigned tasks.  • I used the agile manner to manage large and complex projects by scheduling and facilitating daily scrum meetings, retrospects, sprint planning and backlog grooming.  • Analyze development and document all plans and procedures.  • Schedule and facilitate scrum ceremonies; daily scrum, sprint planning, sprint reviews/ demo and retrospective.  • Followed with good interpersonal relationship and communication skills, both with technical and non-technical audience.  • Experienced with tool; Jira.  • By understanding and tracking the values and commitments of the development team based on their capacity and velocity.  • Helped balance prioritization of technical features and software delivery by creating a positive and easy communication channel (team, product owner, stakeholders).  • Strongly knowledgeable with the Agile methodologies; Scrum, Kanban, Lean SAFe, etc.  • Properly manage the backlog and aid team in determining suitable commitments for product backlog items and sprints.  • Understanding the incremental delivery, backlog tracking and the value metrics (burn down chart metrics, average velocity and the tasked definition).  • Facilitated discussion and facilitate consist Transparency, Inspection and Adaption throughout the process in ways that will promote value to the organization.  • Ensured extrinsic transparency is baked into the culture of the team to facilitate real-time knowledge sharing with the business.  • Build a trusting environment where the team is comfortable raising issues without fear of blame, retribution, or being judged, with an emphasis on problem solving.  • Facilitated evolution of trust and foster collaboration amongst the larger team inclusive of goals, plans, and obstacles thereby growing trust amongst the team, with the business and all other stakeholders.  • As a database administration for over 7years, I used skills to worked on most versions of Oracle databases ignorer to achieve our goal as a team. DBA/ Automation Engineer IPsoft Inc - New York, NY July 2013 to October 2015 • Designed, developed and maintained UNIX shell scripts to collect and monitor database metrics and Statspack snapshots and reports.  • Utilized Grid Control to administer multi-node RAC database also managed redo and undo in the RAC environment.  • Load balancing of RAC instances.  • Monitoring space, wait events, locks and long operations running on the database.  • Monitoring the session waits for the database performance and resolving the performance issues.  • Monitoring the database for growth and added space to the table spaces as per demand.  • Generating AWR/statspack reports on regular basis to identify the database performance at peak load.  • Taking care of database by checking the size the database and addition of table spaces, data files.  • Creating & Managing Database Structures, Storage Allocations, Table/Index segments, Rollback segments, Constraints, Database Access, Roles and Privileges.  • Creating and scheduling Oracle backend process jobs in Crontab.  • Handled all standard database administrative tasks, such as proactive performance tuning and monitoring, troubleshooting on an as needed basis.  • Implement and troubleshoot Oracle Grid Control and multiple Grid Agents.  • Monitored daily backups using RMAN and Export/Import.  • Establish refresh jobs for test databases using Export-Import and RMAN DUPLICATE option.  • Regularly applying Critical Patch Update (CPU) patches to DEV, TEST and Production databases to mitigate security risks and fix bugs.  • Moving large amount of data Administered (12c RAC) environments adding and removing nodes to the cluster and handled performance tuning using AWR.  • Supported off-hour on call support for database related issues.  • Supporting multiple databases for production, development, test and staging purposes on Sun Solaris and Windows environments.  • Evaluated mix of backup and recovery methods based on organizational needs.  • Implemented, tested and documented various backup/recovery scenarios for knowledge base.  • Experience on working with data guard physical/logical standby databases.  • Experience in implementation of enterprise databases on enterprise Storage Solutions using Storage area Networks (SAN) and Network attached storage (NAS).  • Documented the Standard Processes for peers to follow.  • Applying upgrade patch, maintenance and interim (Opatch) patches on all the databases.  • Refreshing Dev and Test instances with data from Production on a regular basis.  • Knowledge in Oracle Data warehouse DBA skills relating to administration and management of VLDB environments, Oracle OLTP.  • Used Data Pump for export and import.  • Wrote scripts for Backup of databases, maintenance of archive logs for databases.  • Streamlined backup procedures and implemented RMAN for backup and disaster recovery.  • Together with my team, Configure RAC for High Availability and database Upgrade to 12c.  • Database Refreshing / Replication from production to testing using Exp/Imp.  • Created logical and physical design installed and upgraded databases.  • Experience in writing UNIX/SHELL scripts for providing the reports.  • Installed and configured Oracle 11g database on a test server using Oracle standard procedures and OFA, for performance testing and future 10g production implementation.  • Environment: Oracle 10g, 11g, 12C, Unix shell script, Grid Control, Data Guard, RAC, IBM AIX, Sun Solaris, Oracle Linux, SQL.  • Plus, Toad, Various 10g and 11g Advisories, AWR and Statspack Reports, EXPDP/IMPDP, EXP/IMP, PL/SQL, RMAN, Crontab, IPcenter V3 for monitoring, Downtime Monitoring. Oracle Database Administrator Sprint Corporation - Overland Park, KS January 2011 to June 2013 • Installation, configuration and maintenance of Oracle Applications.  • Data Movement using RMAN, DATA Pump, External Tablespace.  • Data Security, granting and revoking roles and privileges.  • Data encryption and data redaction.  • Worked on Multitenant Databases (Oracle 12c Container and pluggable databases).  • Experience working on POC of 12c new features like Redaction policy, adaptive query optimization, multiple indexes on single column, Restore table through RMAN etc.  • Hand on experience in cloning the non-multitenant container database to pluggable database in 12c using the PDB Metadata clone, PDB Remote Clone and PDB Snapshot Cloning feature.  • Performed database administration, production support, installation, configuration, upgrades, patches, migration, backup and recovery, performance tuning, and cloning on the above said versions.  • Database reorganizations and refresh schema-using Export/Import.  • Creating the database, table spaces, tables, indexes, setting privileges and user logins.  • Creating physical databases with multiple table spaces from logical and physical data model.  • Monitored and performed database sizing, tablespace management and rollback tablespace management, transaction management and security administration.  • Data migration between databases using both Oracle 10g and 11g export/import utility and Oracle 11g exp/imp data pump.  • Experience in handling Multi-Terabyte Database migrations/Consolidations with minimum/ no downtime.  • Environment: Oracle 10g/11g RAC/9i, VMS, Sun Solaris, Windows Server 2003, Red Hat Linux, TOAD, RMAN, SQL server, OEM. Education BS University Of Yaounde Skills Database, Oracle, Jira, Forecasting, Capacity planning, Agile Scrum, Scrum, Scrum Master, CSM, Confluence (1 year), SAFe (1 year)
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1326.html#365:::Database Administrator;Database Administrator;Network Technician;Technical Production Assistant;DBA;Sql Database;Sql Server;Sql Dba:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator - Posh Lane Freight Smyrna, GA 4+ years of experience in Database Administration and related portfolios for a large and complex database in SQL Server 2012, SQL Server 2008 R2, 2008. I would like to be part of a challenging environment where my technical skills and analytical abilities can be used towards achieving the objectives and goals of your organization.    KEY COMPETENCE  * Thorough knowledge of Database Administration on Production Servers with server configuration, performance tuning and maintenance with outstanding troubleshooting capabilities.  * Experience in Disaster Recovery Planning and Security Management operations.  * Having Ads-on experience in Disaster Recovery processes including Log Shipping and Database Replication.  * Expertise in efficient database performance, implement performance optimized recommendations, fix issues and problems. Configuring and creating databases using DBCA.  * Worked on configuring SQL Server with minimum privileged access  * Extensive Knowledge on Database Backup/Recovery Strategy, Capacity Planning, Replication, Database Cloning, and Patch Management.  * Strong emphasis on Organization and documentations. Excellent interpersonal and strong communication skills (Including Presentations). Customer-service oriented attitude and self motivated, dedicated in any work environment. Work Experience Database Administrator Posh Lane Freight January 2018 to Present Responsibility:    • Performed side by side migration of data from SQL Server 2008R2 to SQL Server 2012 and 2014 using suitable approach  • Created logins, users and configured permissions and assigned roles to users  • Set up of Transaction Replication from Application Server to Reporting Server  • Worked extensively in automating process like creating jobs, and error reporting using Alerts, SQL Mail Agent  • Developed and implemented comprehensive Backup plan and disaster recovery strategies  • Managed a centralized MS SQL Server 2008 and 2012 Platform consisting of over 500 mission critical databases  • Resolving requests related to database and system issues raised by user support  • Monitored and modified Performance using execution plans and Index tuning  • Proactive and active performance monitoring and tuning of production databases.  • Conducted root cause and analysis for database incidents and problems.  • Participated in designing, testing and implementing an enterprise Disaster Recovery Plan.  • Monitored data activities (i.e. database status, logs, space utilization, extents, Checkpoints, locks and long transactions).  • Provided on call support as needed to support operations of critical databases in a 24 X 7 environment.  • Involved in Analyzing and Upgrading SQL Server 2008R2 test servers to SQL Server 2012.  • Planned and executed many upgrades such as Service Pack, Hot fixes etc.  • Handled Fine Tuning Databases System in-coordination with Application owners to utilize the maximum resources for Database and Applications.  • Upgrade of Database from SQL Server 2005 and 2008R2 to SQL 2012  • Installed & configured database with associated database tools and performance monitoring software. Database Administrator Apolinari Taxes & Multi-Services October 2015 to December 2017 Responsibilities:    * Working with other IT professionals for database designs and reviews; troubleshooting database issues, deploying timely fixes; maintaining regular and proactive database patches, updates and performance enhancement.  * Tuning Queries and Database performance using tools Database Tuning Advisor, SQL Server Profiler Creating database that meet the constantly changing requirement and need of the company and clients.  * Involved in upgrading of SQL Server with latest Service packs known as Patching.  * Resolving the issue of mission critical to high usage of system CPU, disk, deadlock issues, locks and blocking.  * Managing and securing the database by using appropriate proper authorization schemes, roles and privileges.  * Involved in Performance Tuning of SQL Server for web-based production and development environments  * Sending daily operational report to the top management regarding the whole operation of the day, including any hitches and unusual situations.  * Set up and Manage Transactional Log Shipping, Failover Clustering, and AlwaysOn Availability group.  * Automated maintenance plan jobs in SQL Server agent and task scheduler: such as shrinking database, backup database, index rebuilding, creating filtered indexes, index reorganizing, cleaning up, and updating statistics  * Participated actively in meetings with staff and users, demonstrated ability to interpret user needs by preparing thorough summaries and recommendations  * Creating user logins and adding users to databases aliases and allotting roles to users Network Technician Intown Suites - Atlanta, GA June 2013 to August 2015 Responsibilities:    • Provided excellent services through phone to IT users for basic end user related hardware's and software's, desktop related LAN network systems.  • Configuration and resetting the network access accounts whenever required.  • Processing software's and hardware's by coordinating user setups, installations and upgrades.  • Provided training to end users.  • Enrollment of new Employee in the Computer system  • Performed basic diagnostics and troubleshooting in support of designated applications and infrastructure platforms.  • Prepared or updated system documentation; assisting in developing and analyzing data for planning and problem resolution.  • Worked with the team to complete ongoing projects and tasks.  • Installed and upgraded systems with virus protection software, spyware, firewall protection software Technical Production Assistant Ceridian Inc - Atlanta, GA August 2010 to March 2013 Responsibilities:    * Set up bundle for customers with various subsidiaries and/or branches who would want their payroll sent to various branches.  * Provided computer help desk support via telephone communications with end-users.  * Worked closely with system users to ensure information system strategies are aligned with Business plan and needs.  * Responsible for creating tracking records, keeping track of processed payrolls and sending such information to the major customers on a daily, weekly and bi-weekly basis.  * Resolved any payroll irregularities through various applications such as the Response PlusNet (RPN), Output Distributions, etc.  * Responsible for processing quitter tapes and the onward transmission of necessary information both to the customer and the new company.  * Worked closely with system users to ensure information system strategies are aligned with Business plan and needs. Education Diploma in Databases COIN Consultancy and Training Institute - Dunwoody, GA 2012 CCNA Southern State Polytechnic University - Marietta, GA 2011 Bachelor of Engineering in (B.Eng.) Mechanical Engineering Federal University of Tech. Akure, Ondo State. 2008 Skills DBA, Sql Database, Sql Server, Sql Dba Certifications/Licenses Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP) October 2017 to Present
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1327.html#366:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Production Support Database Administrator;Aix (5 years);auditing (5 years);backups (5 years);Cloning (5 years);Database (5 years);databases (5 years);Import/export (5 years);Linux (5 years);Loader (5 years);Oem (5 years);operations (5 years);Oracle (5 years);Oracle 10g (5 years);performance-tuning (5 years);Rman (5 years);Security (5 years);shell scripts (5 years);Sql (5 years);Storage management (5 years);Unix (5 years);Oracle Dba (5 years);DBA (5 years):::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - Cardinal Health Lanham-Seabrook, MD Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Cardinal Health - Dublin, OH April 2016 to Present • DBA supporting major projects from Development to Production via Tech-Test environments. Involved in daily configuration and administration of databases ranging from 10g, 11g and 12c. Database sizes range from 4GB to 2TB (in ODS & EDW environments).  • Responsible for Build Work in various servers which has 2Node RAC & Non - RAC, High Availability, Golden Gate Technologies.  • Experienced in Golden Gate Installation and Configuration for database replication purpose.  • Solid experience with different versions of Golden Gate installation, configuration, Administration, heartbeat monitoring etc.,  • Supported 400+ databases including RAC production database, a Data warehouse database and a lot of Development and Test databases and upgraded from 10g to 11g.  • Provided Production & test environment support while coordinating with Unix Team and storage team to configure the OS infrastructure for Oracle Databases.  • Worked on setting up/installation and configuration of release 11g R2 RAC with ASM and Raw Devices and 11g CRS on IBM AIX 6.1.  • Performed conversion of Single Node Instance to multi nodeRAC with ASM, and adding instance to existing RAC.  • Installed and configured 6 node oracle 11gR2 RAC for production environment.  • Installed 12c Databases and responsible for upgrading Oracle 10g RAC to 11g RAC.  • Involved in Oracle Golden Gate installation, configuration, troubleshooting Golden Gate EXTRACT and REPLICATE issues.  • Implemented and administered Oracle Golden Gate (v10) for Database Replication between production and reporting node, by using Oracle Streams in parallel to secure data and having the availability of the database during regular the upgrade or maintenance operation.  • Implemented Data Pump, Export and Import on day to day basis as per development and test servers.  • Responsible for Performance Monitoring and analysis of 11gRAC (Real Application Clusters) with AWR (Automatic Workload Repository) reports and ASH (Active Session History).  • Monitoring database performance and database operation to prevent downtime and slowness of the services.  • Worked closely with the system operations team on database deployment processes and database capacity planning.  • Implemented backup and recovery procedures (Cold/Hot backups, RMAN Incremental backups & Import/Export).  • Cloning RAC to RAC and RAC to NON RAC using hot backup and RMAN.  • Expertise in configuring and managing the Concurrent Managers, Workflow Notification Mailers and monitoring their operation  • Strong experience in Space and User Management, Capacity planning, standby setup, Backup & recovery (Import/Export, Datapump, RMAN)  • Delivering Oracle Database performance-tuning services for customers with EXPLAIN PLAN, TKPROF, AWR, ADDM, SQL TRACE and SQLT  • Handled Physical and Logical Corruptions and recovery using RMAN (Recovery Manager).  • Applied database patches using Opatch utility & building Clone instances for Development and Test teams.  • Maintained and monitored various production servers with Oracle 11g R1, 11g R2, 10g, and exadata servers.  • Scheduled database maintenance tasks such as tables/indexes analysis, index rebuild, materialized views refresh and db exports.  • Maintained DATA GUARD to provide high availability by implementing physical stand-by database and snapshot-standby and worked with Oracle 11g features 11g Grid Control and Automatic Storage Management (ASM).  • Troubleshooting Space Management & User accounts and privilege issues while coordinating with Unix and application teams.  • Performed proactive database maintenance procedures to ensure optimal performance and uptime and implemented shell scripts for automation of day to day activities.  • Identify Top SQL that are consuming heavy resources and provide support to the development team in identifying SQL queries that are consuming high resources and interact with the development team to see if these queries can be fine-tuned further.  • Regular Security Patching and Critical patch Updates (CPU) and Patch set updates (PSU) on Oracle databases and interim patches for various bug fixes on database products.  • Production support for Oracle database 10g/11g RAC.  • Implemented and configured of Oracle Enterprise manager OEM 12C and Oracle Management Server for maintenance and monitoring of production databases.  • Managing Users, Roles, privileges, profiles, schemas, SQL Monitoring, SQL Advisor, SQL tuning and Metrics, using Grid Control of Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) 12C.  • Creating and Managing Primary Objects like Custom tables, Procedures, Packages, Triggers, Alerts & Functions. Views, Indexes, user accounts, roles, grants and performing day-to-day operations.  • Expert in monitoring database using Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM).    Tools Used: Oracle RMAN, Oracle 10g (9.2.0.8), DBMS STATS, Data pump, SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN Oracle Production Support Database Administrator CenturyLink Inc - Monroe, LA March 2014 to April 2016 • Implemented proactive monitoring using Tuning Pack, Diagnostics Pack, and STATSPACK, SQL Trace & TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN.  • Supporting multiple databases for production, development, test and staging purposes on Sun Solaris and Windows environments.  • Applying upgrade patch, maintenance and interim (opatch) patches on all the databases.  • Refreshing Dev and Test instances with data from Production on a regular basis.  • Developed PL/SQL packages, DML, DDL, Oracle tables, Stored Procedures, functions, cursors, triggers and UNIX shell scripts.  • Thorough knowledge in setting up infrastructure for databases in huge datacenters.  • Installed Oracle 11g on Linux platform using ASM.  • RMAN point in time recovery and Instance recovery done on 11g.  • Developed compliance reports and performed auditing at higher levels.  • Scheduling repetitive activities like gathering schema statistics, exports, table space usage report using crontab.  • Database monitoring/maintenance, replication process and performance tuning are done using OEM (Oracle Enterprise Manager).  • Implemented Flashback technology of the Oracle 11g, 10g along with Recyclebin for a faster recovery of the databases and database objects.  • Performed Data refresh activities using the export data pump utility.  • Installation of 2 node and 3 node RAC, Migrating of database to RAC database. Monitoring Health checks of OCR, VOTING DISKS and Interconnect for better performance and troubleshooting issues in RAC environment (11GR2).  • Excessively worked on performing database backup and recovery using RMAN. Key player in troubleshooting backup issues. Taking the RMAN incremental and cumulative backups.  • Good hands on performance tuning related issues with Experience in query analyzing and Performance Tuning for the SQL queries, which are running slow, consuming high resources.  • Worked on converting bigfile to small file tablespace conversion for very large data (included 2T of data)  • Performed full & incremental backup (cumulative and differential) using RMAN and implemented recovery strategies.  • Refreshed/cloned databases using RMAN utility.  • Performed Database upgrade from Oracle 9i (9.2.0.7) to Oracle 10g (10.2.0.5) and to Oracle 11g (11.1.0.7) RAC database.  • Successful in applying RDBMS patches, security patches for improving the security and functionality of the databases.  • Achieved optimized performance for the databases by rebuilding indexes, on tables and indexes.  • Automated the processes like moving files, managing alert log, efficient backup by developing UNIX scripts.  • Involved in the installation, configuration and extended support to Oracle 11g, 10g two Node RAC (Real Application Cluster) with ASM file system on AIX platform.  • Involved in converting a single instance database to Oracle 11g, 10g RAC databases.  • Installed ASM environment and migrated databases from NON-ASM to ASM.  • Used TOAD for database management.  • Made optimal use of Oracle Support inresolving the SRs.  • 24 X 7 Production & Development database support and administration.    Environment: Oracle 11.1.0.7, 10.2.0.5, IBM AIX V6.1, RHEL 5.2, RAC, ASM, RMAN, AWR, ADDM, SQL* Plus, SQL*Loader, OEM, TOAD 10.0. Education Bachelor's Degree in Sociology University of Lagos Skills Aix (5 years), auditing (5 years), backups (5 years), Cloning (5 years), Database (5 years), databases (5 years), Import/export (5 years), Linux (5 years), Loader (5 years), Oem (5 years), operations (5 years), Oracle (5 years), Oracle 10g (5 years), performance-tuning (5 years), Rman (5 years), Security (5 years), shell scripts (5 years), Sql (5 years), Storage management (5 years), Unix (5 years), Oracle Dba (5 years), DBA (5 years) Certifications/Licenses OCA Present Additional Information Key Skills    Phone  Email    240 413 4488  taiwopaddy@gmail.com  • Over 5 years of strong experience in Oracle database administration in heterogeneous system environment including Solaris, UNIX, and Windows, supporting a variety of mission critical applications with Oracle 10g and 11g.  • Experience as On-Call 24x7 production DBA support, application/development DBA, system administrator.  • Monitored physical I/O and Proper sizing of rollback segments.  • Optimized SQL using explain plan, Auto trace feature and TKPROF to analyze the execution plan and tune the statements.  • Tuning of database using Utlstat scripts Statspack and dynamic performance views to monitor system statistics and wait events, AWR, ADDM and Tuning of SGA.  • Proven technical knowledge of infrastructure management (network, systems), combined with outstanding leadership ability and creative problem solving skills in both strategic and tactical areas as well as excellent communication /documentation skills and strong aptitude to analyze and resolve problems.  • Migrate to Multitenant Architecture using CDB and PDB of applications that otherwise have their own instances and qualify to be PDBs.  • Troubleshoot and resolve slowness or performance issues with extensive investigation and follow-up with respective application teams with RCA and proposed solutions.  • Responsible for RMAN backups, and improvement to backup with incremental back by adding block change tracking feature of Oracle 11gR2.  • Created Users, Roles and Profiles, Privilege management with role-based security.  • Performed database tuning using Explain Plan, TKPROF, Statspack, Automatic Workload Repository (AWR), Active Session History (ASH), and Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor (ADDM) and SQL Trace.  • Maintaining and scheduling Cold Backups, Hot Backups, and Export Dumps. Maintaining backups of Archive logs and automating cleaning of archive logs. Deploying RMAN to automate backup and maintaining scripts in recovery catalog.  • Upgraded Oracle 10g database version to 11g  • Upgraded Oracle 11g database version to 12c version    • Provided database related services to their development & QA environments.  • Good experience of Installation and configuration of RAC (Real Application Server) on different nodes with ASM (automatic storage management).  • Upgraded various databases from 9i to 10g, 10g to 11g, 11g to 12c and minor version upgrades  • Upgraded 10g and 11g Standalone databases to 11g and 12c 2-node RAC    • Supported Server migrations, Application upgrades/Migrations and Data center movements    • Configured Offline and Online Disaster recovery sites to maximized the database availability    • Applied Oracle Patches (CPU/PSUs and One-off patches)    • Strong skills in SQL* PLUS, PL/SQL, SQL* Loader, UNIX Shell scripts (KSH and CSH), Import/Export Server Manager.  • Experience in installation, upgrades, patches and TAR support. Duties included database creation, Performance tuning/reorganization, cloning, backup/recovery, user and security management, auditing, general troubleshooting, coding, and configuring servers.  • Worked on Creation of table spaces, data files, roles, redo logs, rollback segments, stored procedures and Triggers.  • Worked on Data transferring with export/import utilities and Data pump.  • Highly experienced in performance monitoring/tuning/troubleshooting.  • Oracle Database performance-tuning services with EXPLAIN PLAN, TKPROF, STATSPACK, SQL TRACE. Applying patches under UNIX platform.  • UNIX Systems Administration - Database and application integration efforts. Heavy UNIX shell scripting, CRON jobs.  o Participated in planning and implementation of off-site Disaster-Recovery planning and testing  o Worked with development and operations staff in resolving problems quickly and efficiently  • Resolve the bottlenecks in all the database environments.  • Extensive knowledge in maintain Oracle Cluster ware using Srvctl, Crsctl, has, ocrconfig, cluvfy, Private IP, public IP, SCAN IP and Virtual IPs along with NAS and SAN for ASM storage.  • Worked extensively in Performance Tuning at various levels including instance tuning, Query tuning, Database performance tuning. Experienced in performing Database related activities using GRID, Multitenant Architecture, OEM, Data Pump, SRVCTL, RMAN, SQL*Loader, datapump, Export, Import, PL/SQL, SQL*Plus, SVRMGR, SQL*Net/Net8, Listner, AGENT Tuning using explain plan, SQL Trace, AWR, ADDM, SGA tuning, Statspack and tuning of initialization parameters.  • On call technical support for 24x7 mission critical production databases. Willing to work beyond regular hours.    Operating Systems:  HP-UX 10.x, 11.x. Sun Solaris 2.5, 2.6, 8, 9, 10. AIX 5.1, 5.2, 5.3, 6.1 RHEL 2.1, 3.x, 4.x, 5.x.Linux Enterprise Server 9, 10. Windows 95/98/NT/2000  RDBMS:  Oracle 10g, 11g, 12c  Languages:  SQL, PL/SQL, UNIX Shell Scripting, PERL  Tools:  TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN, STATSPACK, AWR, and ADDM.Toad, Putty, NX client, Winscp.  Database Utilities:  SQL*Plus, Oracle Enterprise Manager, Real Application Cluster, ASM, Transportable Tablespaces, SQL*Loader, RMAN, DataPump, Export, Import
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1328.html#367:::Health Care Data Analyst;Data Analyst;Reporting Specialist;Database Administrator / Data Analyst;Cognos (5 years);SAS (10+ years);SQL (2 years);Excel (10+ years);Crystal Reports (4 years);Business Intelligence (2 years);access (5 years);Powerpoint;MS Office;Microsoft Office:::Health Care Data Analyst Health Care Data Analyst Data Analyst Kingston, RI • Extensive Data Analysis and Reporting experience in Banking, Healthcare and Retail industries  • Exceptional abilities in project design and management with the organizational skills to assure success  • Proven success in meeting new technical challenges and finding solutions to meet customer needs Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Health Care Data Analyst Neighborhood Health Plan of Rhode Island - Smithfield, RI February 2015 to Present Responsibilities  •Coordinate information from multiple data sources and assure timely delivery of reports and analysis requests  •Perform quality assurance data review  •Assist senior management to interpret data and contribute to continuous process and product improvement Data Analyst MetLife - Warwick, RI 2013 to 2014 •Assisted Marketing team with the execution of campaigns that increase policies per household and customer retention  •Developed monthly mail files involving data queries, merging of tables and files, filtering data with high degree of accuracy  •Monthly campaign tracking and results reporting and performing other ad hoc, similar requests Reporting Specialist Bank of America - Providence, RI 2011 to 2012 •Developed and implemented Cognos/Concur reporting instruments to measure international associates' business expenditures  •Administered access and conducted testing in UAT environment for SharePoint/Web Diva payment history system  •Monitored Accounts Payable System Administration Reporting Outlook mailbox and Web Diva Access portal for various reporting and access requirements Database Administrator / Data Analyst CVS Corp - Woonsocket, RI 2010 to 2011 •Developed implementation process, reporting requirements, analyzing data and developing operational and management reports that met business needs as well as measured effectiveness of current processes in place  •Provided analytical support for key initiatives including but not limited to metrics development, development of business requirements and documentation of workflows, processes and procedures  •Ensured data integrity by creating/running monthly audit reports against the database Education B.A. in English Rhode Island College - Providence, RI Skills Cognos (5 years), SAS (10+ years), SQL (2 years), Excel (10+ years), Crystal Reports (4 years), Business Intelligence (2 years), access (5 years), Powerpoint, MS Office, Microsoft Office
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1329.html#368:::Patient Care Technician;Oracle Database Administrator;Third Key Manager;Logistic Account Manager;Call Center;Customer Support;CSR;Customer Service;Customer Care;Ms Office up to 2004 (6 years):::Patient Care Technician Patient Care Technician Patient Care Technician - Synergy Home Care McKinney, TX Looking for new opportunities within retail communities (retail manager, purchasing manager, inventory , Customer Service & merchandising. Work Experience Patient Care Technician Synergy Home Care - Allen, TX 2014 to Present * CPR/First Aid certified  * Participated in EMT Training  * Annual recognition for patient satisfaction and customer service Oracle Database Administrator Dish - McKinney, TX 2013 to 2014 * Managed inventory  * Truck distribution and scheduling  * Floating Manager Third Key Manager NTB - Frisco, TX 2012 to 2013 * Open and close stores  * Balancing pay role  * Managed Technicon's Logistic Account Manager Bear Transportation - Dallas, TX 2008 to 2010 * Managed customer accounts  * Brought on new clients Education Business and Science John Brown University - Siloam Springs, AR 1984 to 1987 Skills Call Center, Customer Support, CSR, Customer Service, Customer Care, Ms Office up to 2004 (6 years) Certifications/Licenses Purchasing Manager October 1990 to October 2000 Company Trained to open up New stores in new Markets. I Handled all store ordering & inventory level ranging from three to five million dollars inventory cycle monthly as well maintaining end caps promotional items & all special orders and returns for my store. I Trained several purchasing manager replacements before leaving to another Store Opening , dealt with local news paper companies regarding full page weekend layouts. I reporting sales Cycles and inventory levels to management & to Corporate. Additional Information In 1995 was promoted to store Retail manager in new orleans then moved back to Dallas Market to work with Large accounts as Account Manager ,
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\133.html#369:::Database Administrator;MS SQL Database Administrator;Database (6 years);MS SQL SERVER (6 years);SQL (6 years);SQL SERVER (6 years);T-SQL (6 years):::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator Silver Spring, MD ? 6+ years of experience in Microsoft SQL Server Database Administration with expertise in various tasks including installation, configuration, upgrading, backup and restore, security, Performance Tuning, HA/DR solutions, and troubleshooting of SQL Server 2014/2012/2008/2005.  ? Experienced in T-SQL Programming to create database and database objects such as tables, stored procedures, views, indexes, triggers etc.  ? Experienced in administering SQL Server security by enforcing security policy, Creating Logins/Users with appropriate roles, monitoring the user accounts, granting the privileges to users and groups, moving security between servers.  ? Experience in maintenance plans to perform index de-fragmentation, re-indexing & update the index statistics.  ? Experience in MS SQL Server Performance Tuning, Query Optimization, Client/Server Connectivity and running Database Consistency checks Using DBCC.  ? Experience in implementing SQL server high availability and Disaster Recovery solutions like Log shipping, database mirroring, Replication, failover clustering and Always On.  ? Expert in using SQL Server Agent Services to create and schedule jobs, and sending Alerts using SSIS and SQL Mail/ Database Mail.  ? Expertise in Data Migration between SQL Server 2005 up to SQL Server 2012.  ? Experience working on Data Extraction, Transformation and Loading (ETL) using DTS/SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS).  ? knowledge in Data Warehouse, Data Marts and OLTP/OLAP technologies  ? Strong technical background along with the ability to perform business analysis and write effective documentation and specification.  ? Experience in creating, deploying, and administering SSIS packages.  ? Experience in installing, configuring, administering SSRS, and designing, creating, and modifying SSRS Reports.  ? Working knowledge in SSAS with teams.  ? Working with Microsoft editions SQL Server 2016/2014/2012/2008R2/2008/2005, MS Access  ? Excellent communication, interpersonal and analytical skills, adaptability and a team player, positive and sincere. ability to work independently or part of a team to accomplish critical business objectives.  ? Worked on storage, with system administrators, to allocate and configure Instances.  ? Highly dedicated to continuous learning and improvement.  ? 24 x 7 Production Database on Call Support. Work Experience Database Administrator SAUDI AIRLINES JEDDAH 2014 to 2015 Saudi airlines is one of the biggest airlines in the world, always use advanced technology to deliver excellent customers service.    Responsibilities:  ? Leading the Database Operations team in setup, support, and management of corporate databases and database servers that directly impact the revenue generation of the firm  ? Administering database privileges and security within corporate standard operating procedures  ? Optimizing & maintaining database performance through active monitoring, scheduled upgrades, service pack installations, and performance tuning using DBCC.  ? Worked as a team to maintain 100 percent up time to keep the environment running irrespective of any infrastructural changes in the environment.  ? Experienced with Point-in-Time Recovery and Restored Database from backup.  ? Used DBCC to check database conditions, created maintenance plan to Reorganize and Rebuilding indexes.  ? Developed stored procedures, functions, triggers in T-SQL and batch scripts.  ? Identified, tested, and resolved database performance issues (monitoring and tuning) to ensure database optimization.  ? Maintaining documentation and standards for DBA tasks, providing input on improving departmental processes.  ? Designing corporate databases by analyzing data storage and reporting requirements while enforcing all database standards.  ? Participation in corporate database architecture, development, deployment and capacity planning.  ? Working closely with Network and application team to ensure no downtime.  ? Generate timely reports to CIO, and CEO about the progress of Projects.    Environment: SQL Server 2005/2008/2008R2, 2012 DTS, TFS, Windows 2005 MS SQL Database Administrator MIDROC TECHNOLOGY GROUP - ADDIS ABABA, ET 2010 to 2013 MIDROC Technology Group is worldwide business group based in Ethiopia and work with 74 sisters companies collectively; most of them are resided in Ethiopia. Company was established on 26th June 2000 to provide standardized, effective, efficient and modern management services for the multi-sectorial companies under the leadership of the CEO.    Responsibilities:  ? Installed the SQL Server 2000 and 2005 at the beginning of the project..  ? Maintenance and Correction of Transact SQL(T-SQL) statements.  ? Managing the use of disk space, memory and connections.  ? Running DBCC consistency checks and analyzing stack traces, if generated.  ? Assigning the database users to particular groups.  ? Database, log backups and restoration, backup strategies, scheduling backups.  ? Created the SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) and DTS Packages for executing the required tasks.  ? Troubleshooting SQL Server Problems related to SQL Server service, Concurrency (blocks, locks, deadlocks, activity monitor), and SQL Agent job execution.  ? Rebuilding Clustered and Non-Clustered Indexes as part of performance tuning.  ? Creating users and assigning permission using Windows and SQL Authentication.  ? Implement policies related to compliance and information protection as they apply in the database environment.  ? SQL Server Error Log, space usage.  ? Configured and Maintained Replication (Transactional).    Environment: SQL Server 2005/2008/2008R2, 2012 DTS, TFS, Windows 2000, T-SQL Programming Skills Database (6 years), MS SQL SERVER (6 years), SQL (6 years), SQL SERVER (6 years), T-SQL (6 years) Additional Information Technical Skills:  Database: Microsoft SQL Server 2016/2014/2012/2008R2/2008/2005, MS Access  Data Modeling &  Development Tools:    MS Visio, Dia, SQL Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS), SQL Server Data Tools (SSDT), SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS), SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), Data Transformation Services (DTS), SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS), SharePoint 2013, visual studio.    Performance Monitoring Tools:  Database Engine Tuning Advisor/Index Tuning Wizard, SQL Server Profiler, System Monitor/Performance Monitor, Third party tools.    Reporting Tools: MS SQL Server Reporting Services 2014/2012/2008R2/2008/2005, MS Excel  Server Operating Systems: Windows server 2012R2/2008R2/ 2008/2003R2/2003, MS-DOS  Languages: T-SQL, C#, Visual Basic, HTML  MS-Office: MS-Word, MS-Excel, MS-Access, Outlook, PowerPoint
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1330.html#370:::Licensed Relationship Banker;Associate Licensed Relationship Banker;Life Insurance Agent;Database Administrator;Javascript (2 years);Reactjs (2 years);Angular (2 years);HTML 5 (2 years);Python (5 years);CSS (2 years);SQL (2 years);MYSQL (2 years);Series 6;Series 63;Life Insurance Consultant (4 years);Microsoft Excel (10+ years);Microsoft Word (10+ years);Microsoft Office Suite (10+ years);Customer Service (10+ years);Sales (5 years);Training & Development (4 years);Operations (5 years);Information Technology (5 years);Financial Consulting (5 years);Front-End;React:::Licensed Relationship Banker Licensed Relationship Banker Douglassville, PA Work Experience Licensed Relationship Banker Citizens Bank - Trooper, PA June 2017 to Present • Secure clients' financial futures through investments and financial planning.  • Collaborate with partners and advisors to manage client assets.  • Manage transactions and oversee daily operations.  • Train and develop relationship bankers to have deeper financial conversations with bank clients.  • 2018 Citizens Bank Credo Honor Roll Associate Licensed Relationship Banker Citizens Bank - King of Prussia, PA November 2016 to May 2017 • Provided excellent consumer services.  • Managed client relationships ensuring their needs are met from start to finish.  • Oversaw retirement planning.  • Maintained client files and hold regular reviews. Life Insurance Agent New York Life - Lake Success, NY November 2014 to October 2016 • Life Insurance sales.   • Estate planning.   • Received an Agency Builder Award for my production as an agent. Database Administrator XYLER - Brooklyn, NY August 2011 to October 2014 • Designed and generated invoices for account receivables.  • Compiled data and transferred them into the company's Microsoft Access database.  • Managed Excel applications performing data entry, tracking and creating reports.  • Software installation for all clients.  • Generated end-user documentation.  • Fantastic troubleshooting skills. Education Bachelor of Arts in International Politics Pennsylvania State University, College of the Liberal Arts - Economy, PA August 2011 Skills Javascript (2 years), Reactjs (2 years), Angular (2 years), HTML 5 (2 years), Python (5 years), CSS (2 years), SQL (2 years), MYSQL (2 years), Series 6, Series 63, Life Insurance Consultant (4 years), Microsoft Excel (10+ years), Microsoft Word (10+ years), Microsoft Office Suite (10+ years), Customer Service (10+ years), Sales (5 years), Training & Development (4 years), Operations (5 years), Information Technology (5 years), Financial Consulting (5 years), Front-End, React Certifications/Licenses Build Front-End Web Apps from Scratch September 2018 to Present Certified 8-week curriculum for developing interactive front-end applications using JavaScript and ReactJS.    https://www.credential.net/lkrq9m8f Interactive Programming in Python May 2014 to Present An Introduction to Interactive Programming in Python by Rice University on Coursera. Certificate earned at Monday, May 26, 2014 12:00 AM GMT    https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/certificate/DEEYB5Z3EJ Life and Health Insurance August 2014 to June 2021 License qualifying me to sell Life and Health insurance. Series 6 March 2017 to December 2020 Securities license necessary for sales of mutual funds and variable annuities. Series 63 April 2017 to December 2020 Securities exam and license entitling the holder to solicit orders for any type of security in a particular state.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1331.html#371:::GIMS Database Administrator;GIMS Specialist II;Contractor, GIS Services;CAD/ Geographic Information Systems Technician;Collector for ArcGIS (2 years);ESRI ArcGIS (7 years);ArcGIS Online (2 years);ESRI Web AppBuilder (2 years);ArcGIS Server (1 year);Trimble GPS (3 years):::GIMS Database Administrator GIMS <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Stoutsville, OH Hard-working GIS professional skilled in asset management and mobile data collection. Knowledgeable in ESRI ArcGIS products, Trimble and GPS software, GIS maps, databases, and feature/attribute editing. Recognized for quickly learning and applying new knowledge. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience GIMS Database Administrator Ohio Department of Transportation - Columbus, OH February 2018 to Present - Develop & support enterprise GIS data collection solutions (Collector for ArcGIS & Web Mapping Applications).  - Provide support for ODOT's asset management initiatives including: developing & enforcing data standards; prototyping, testing & supporting asset management workflows.  - Manage & coordinate the maintenance of several department-wide geodatabases.  - Assist in managing ArcGIS Online organization environment. GIMS Specialist II Ohio Department of Transportation - Columbus, OH January 2015 to February 2018 - Develop & maintain the ODOT geotechnical document management system & database for geologic hazard management consisting of landslide, rock fall & abandoned underground mine inventories.  -Conduct field data collection activities for geohazard inventories with internal & external users for quality control.   - Utilize GIS &/or various database program functions to analyze & produce maps & reports in support of FHWA requirements & ODOT’s Transportation Asset Management & Planning activities.   - Provide geo-spatial data (e.g., LRS, Basic Roadway attributes, political boundaries) to government agencies, consultants & external customers. Contractor, GIS Services Marathon Petroleum - Findlay, OH February 2014 to January 2015 - Create and maintain data associated with the pipeline centerline  - Make updates to the GIS database based on various data sources including surveys and legacy alignment sheets  - Provide pipeline data and analysis support for the Pipeline Integrity Team CAD/ Geographic Information Systems Technician Lawhon & Associates - Columbus, OH October 2013 to February 2014 Create map figures used for archaeological, ecological and environmental study reports. Read and interpret maps, manipulate and understand digital land data and manage data entered into a GIS database.  - Convert files from .gpx and .dwg to shapefiles to manipulate in ArcGIS  - Georeference historic aerials and maps to be used for report figures  - Import excel tables into GIS based on x,y coordinates and manipulating symbology   - Utilize geoprocessing tools to extract data and perform calculations Education BS in Environmental Geography Ohio University - Athens, OH 2007 to 2010 Skills Collector for ArcGIS (2 years), ESRI ArcGIS (7 years), ArcGIS Online (2 years), ESRI Web AppBuilder (2 years), ArcGIS Server (1 year), Trimble GPS (3 years) Certifications/Licenses Driver's License
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1332.html#372:::IT field Technician;IT Desktop Support Specialist;EHR Consultant;Database Administrator;Desktop Support:::IT field Technician IT field Technician IT field Technician Houston, TX I have worked in fast pace environment like refineries which has exposed me to a wealth of experience in the engineering and technical field. I have exceptional communication, monitoring, interpersonal, ability to multitask and evaluation skills in addition to coaching and mentoring to name a few. I am a fast learner and adaptable to new environment, processes and people as well as been committed enough to strive for success. Work Experience IT field Technician POST - Hammond, LA April 2017 to November 2018 • Responsible for maintenance/ troubleshooting of networking/ hardware related issues at data center  • Installation of routers, wireless access point and servers  • Carry out racking, patching and mounting of routers, wireless AP and switches  • Carried out PC Imaging and data migration  • Perform all aspects of IMAC (Install, Move, Add, Change)  • Trains entry level technicians on basic hardware, software and network resources, on a one-on-one basis.  • Provides on-site support and remote support for clients on hardware/ networking related issues  • Installation/ setup of VOIP based telephone equipment.  • Installation and upgrade of ERP Systems IT Desktop Support Specialist The Hestercombe Hospital - Norwich January 2015 to December 2016 • Works with client hospitals IT staff and field techs to maintain and troubleshoot case connectivity  • Perform all aspects of IMAC (Install, Move, Add, Change)  • Carry out routine maintenance on PCs, Laptops and printers  • Provide Supports on PC's, laptops, printers/ Custom applications for users  • Trains entry level technicians on basic hardware, software and network resources, on a one-on-one basis.  • Provides remote support for users EHR Consultant Cambridge University Hospital - Cambridge March 2014 to December 2015 • Assisting physicians on issues encountered using EHR Software, providing elbow to elbow support.  • Maintained workflow with Physicians and staffs to navigate through their assignment workflow in hyperspace.  • Educate and assist clinicians, physicians, and other medical professionals on how to best utilize a range of technical modules to fit their individual needs.  • Works very closely with end users, in problem solving during go live projects  • Troubleshooting laptops, desktops, printer, and scanners Database Administrator Software Technology Group - London March 2013 to February 2014 • Part of Planning, designing and development of Database team  • Ensuring clients Data is well secured  • Ensure proper update and Maintenance of Clients website Desktop Support Warri Refining and Petrochemical Company Ltd January 2012 to December 2013 • Responsible for troubleshooting and repairs of PCs, laptops and printers  • Provide helpdesk support for user  • PC Imaging and data migration  • Carry out system routine maintenance on PCs, laptops and printers  • Office Networking and network troubleshooting  • System / application software installation and configuration  • Installation of routers and servers, cable installation including fiber optics, Ethernet, coax and paging Education M.S in Information system management University of Salford - Manchester 2014 to 2015 B.S in Computer Science Madonna University International 2007 to 2011
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1333.html#373:::SQL DBA;SQL DBA;SQL DBA;Lead the Migration of productions clusters;SQL Database Administrator;Jr SQL Database Administrator;DATA MIGRATION;DATABASE ADMINISTRATION;DATABASE MODELING;DATABASE;DATABASE DESIGN;MICROSOFT SQL SERVER;SQL SERVER;SQL SERVER 2000;SQL SERVER 2005;SQL SERVER 2008;SQL SERVER 2012;REPLICATION;SQL;CLUSTERING;DISASTER RECOVERY;SECURITY;WEB-BASED;ROLLOUT;T-SQL;RDBMS:::SQL DBA SQL DBA Atlanta, GA Work Experience SQL DBA Cigna April 2019 to Present Responsibilities:    • Managed entire project to which were assigned in accordance with the Service Level Agreement (SLA) and Statement of Work (SOW) to ensure all departmental related cost and expenses are keep on track with the project schedule.  • Have good understanding of Disk and Server configuration for SQL Server.  • Managed the entire database environment visibility and accountable for every database decision made to upper level management. Experience in implementing and configured AlwaysOn High Availability Group for High Availability and Disaster Recovery on SQL server.  • Performed various data migration tasks for mission critical databases.  • Worked with a team of 8 to manage over 2000 databases ranging from 350GB to 2.3TB.  • Migrated SQL Server instances between various geographically separated datacenters.  • Was responsible for planning, implementing and documenting database structures and contents for SQL Server databases.  • Experience in in Administrating SQL server Security by Creating Users Login with appropriating the user's  • Set up policies to guide database usage in SQL server 2012, 2014 and 2016  • Performed DBA duties including: database backups, restores, performance tuning, and capacity analysis.  • Managed the products and development databases including performance tuning, capacity planning, SQL Server clustering, database security configuration, and database continuity  • Designed, implemented and upgraded SQL Server 2012, 2014 and 2016 databases for mission-critical business.  • Troubleshoot databases and custom application issues.  • Work with end users to define, implement, and maintain their reporting requirements.  • Implemented change management controls, processes and practices to deliver quality services that increase client bottom line results.  • Worked with teams with developers and 6 application vendor consultants to ensure quality deliverables to our clients.  • I have successfully engaged in various DR (Disaster Recover) efforts for my customers.  • Made recommendation on systems hardware and software implementation for management approval and took responsibility for complete and timely implementation.  • Organized and co-ordinates daily operations and project delivery meeting to identified all possible problems and ensure they are rectified to keep project on schedule and report any project variance to the appropriate upper management personnel.  • Developed a problem tracking applications that assigned all related systems errors/problems to appropriate database and / or application personnel using remedy.  • Designed the backups and recovery strategies for SQL SERVER databases to meet our customer SLA requirements. SQL DBA General Motors August 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  • Administrating more than 156 (Production and Non-production servers) both physical and virtual machines which runs SQL server 2016/2014/ 2012 and 2008 R2.  • Planning, Installing Microsoft SQL Server 2016, 2014 and 2012 on New Production and Test servers with latest Security updates involving Service Packs and Security patches as they are released.  • Involved in the SQL Migration Process (both in-place and side-by-side) with System Eng, Networking and Application departments for upgrading SQL servers.  • Configure and Monitor Always on (AOG) Groups, Add databases to the group and check the synchronization.  • Implemented and maintained Failover clustering (Active/Passive node) and Replication (Transactional, snapshot and merge) as databases high availability solution.  • Schedule Backup and optimization plans i.e., check database consistency, Index rebuild, Update statistics and history cleanup.  • Troubleshoot memory, CPU and performance issues using some DMV'S Resource, local and 3rd party tools.  • Managing our DR environment with comprehensive restore plan meeting to our SLA.  • Documenting the procedure (SOP) to create and manage these Encryption keys for future deployment  • Monitoring the unused indexes in the databases using Catalog Views and DMV's and dropping them.  • Reviewing cluster event logs using Failover cluster Manager in case of failover following with verifying SQL health and submitting RCA to Operations team.  • Worked in Active Active, Active Passive Cluster environment as a High availability solution.  • Tuning queries which are running slow using Profiler and Statistics Io by using different Methods in terms of evaluating joins, indexes, updating Statistics and code modification.  • Review of physical and logical database design; Promote the reliability of database design by ensuring appropriate referential data integrity is implemented and appropriate data types are used.  • Checking Database Health by using DBCC Commands and DMVS.  • Monitored and modified Performance using execution plans and Index tuning.  • Prepared Documentation for the Disaster Recovery plan  • Daily routine DBA tasks like addressing tickets and work on Change tickets ,handling user's permissions and space issues on Production and Semi-Production Servers and handling maintenance Jobs.  • Handled monthly Database Refresh in QA-Test environment for testing of new Deployments and Build.  • Monitoring Double-take console to check the status of mirroring/replication of backup files cross the network  • Reviewing DBA Daily status report to troubleshoot the low disk space, consistency checks, server configuration and DB growth in proactive and submitting to Manager.  • Participated in Primary On-Call rotation, responsible for the prod releases, supporting app teams in case of assistance, applying patches, server verification and monitoring maintenance jobs.  • Responded to issues that have been escalated with Change Control Processes and adherence to standards and documentation.  • Experience in managing Alerts, Operators and Jobs through SQL Server Agent.  • 24 X 7 Production Database on Call Support.  • Strong Technical background with excellent problem solving and communication skills. Strong time management skills and excellent team player with reputation of integrity and an ability to work on multiple technologies SQL DBA Murphyusa September 2018 to April 2019 Responsibilities:  • Provided a 24/7 dedicated support for users in Production, Development and Testing servers and responded on Tickets based on Requirements.  • Ability to ensure the technical integrity of corporate databases by protecting against the loss or misuse of information and designing backup/recovery strategies.  • Responsible for troubleshooting and problem solving of SQL Server  • Saves business over $400,000 in license costs by pushing the use of SQL Server 2016 Std Edition based on the application requirements and the improved HADR capabilities in the SQL release.  • Have good understanding of Disk and Server configuration for SQL Server.  • Experience with implementing Database Disaster Recovery and Planning.  • Proficient in logical and physical database modeling.  • Determine and document stabilization roadmap for the next 5 years based on trends in technology for the company.  • Participating in on-call rotation with the team.  • Experience with setup and administration of SQL Server Database Environment using Profiles, database Privileges and Roles.  • Responsible for improvement and maintenance of the databases to include release rollout and upgrades.  • Installed and Configured SQL Server 2008/2008R2/2012/2014/2016 and applied Service Pack.  • Experience in implementing and configured AlwaysOn High Availability Group for High Availability and Disaster Recovery on SQL server.  • Excellent knowledge in implementing High Availability/ Disaster Recovery solution like Log shipping, Replication and Mirroring.  • Experience in in Administrating SQL server Security by Creating Users Log in with appropriating the user's accounts, creating of groups, granting the privileges to users and groups.  • Experience in implementing Backup and Recovery Strategies based on Service Level Agreement.  • Experience in SQL server migration from lower version to upper version.  • Experience in Creating, Rebuilding and Reorganizing Indexes on various Tables.  • Experience in MS SQL server Performance Tuning and Query Optimization.  • Ability to check logical and physical integrity of all objects in databases by using DBCC CHECKDB.  • Ability to Troubleshoot, Analyze and Provide Solutions to complex issues.  • Excellent knowledge in using Native tools like database Tuning Advisor, SQL server profiler, Active Monitor, Performance Monitor, DMV, DMF, Event viewer for Performance Analysis. Lead the Migration of productions clusters Incomm May 2015 to August 2017 May 2015-August 2017  • Configured ALWAYS ON setup between different Datacenters and on Multi Subnet Cluster.  • Provides timely and direct communication while identifying complex problems and implementing innovative.  • Supporting 12 servers and 40-50 databases ranging from 10Gb to 1TB  • Revise current DR and HA strategies and improving them, thereby reducing downtime in the event of any failure.  • Determine and document stabilization roadmap for the next 5 years based on trends in technology for the company.  • Participating in on-call rotation with the team  • Lead the Migration of productions clusters to accommodate more hardware resources and improve performance of SQL Server databases.  • Lead efforts of DBA team in stopping spiral of production environment and stabilize the database environment; leading to business continuity.  • Revise and improve current monitoring strategies for the entire database enterprise (Introduced and setup SQL Sentry).  • Standardize processes for the Infra DB team by creating documentations for installations, migrations, upgrades, backups, restores, index maintenance, etc.  • Lead the efforts of the database team in improving CPU consumption for all critical production database servers by tuning queries, databases, instances, etc. Thereby reducing the CPU workload from a steady 90% to 10% and resulting in a 300% increase in transaction processing.  • Maintaining all environments (prod, test, training and dev).  • Creating and analyzing daily reports for mission-critical databases.  • Establish escalation policies for the database team.  • Built window 2012 FAIL OVER CLUSTER from scratch  • Setting up and managing replication, mirroring and log shipping. SQL Database Administrator HSBC Bank London January 2013 to May 2015 • Configured ALWAYS ON setup between different Datacenters and on Multi Subnet Cluster.  • Evaluating the current infrastructure and proposing revisions.  • Revise and improve current monitoring strategies for the entire database enterprise.  • Standardize processes within the data ops department including creating documentations for installations, migrations, upgrades, backups, restores, index maintenance, etc.  • Revise current DR and HA strategies and improving them, thereby reducing downtime in the event of any failure.  • Proactively monitoring the entire instances and databases for any abnormalities.  • Troubleshooting issues and carrying out root cause analysis on the issues as well as finding lasting solutions to those problems and documenting findings.  • Participating in on-call rotation with the team.  • Maintaining all environments (prod, test, training and dev).  • Analyzing daily reports for mission-critical databases.  • Setting up and managing replication, mirroring and log shipping. Jr SQL Database Administrator NHS ENGLAND February 2012 to January 2013 • Set up EHER system for client's medical records  • Installed SQL server 20012/200R2 on 2008 window environment  • Involved in managed SQL SERVER SECURITY by granting permissions securable to the principals.  • Created, scheduled and monitored SQL SERVER JOBS, making sure jobs run successfully every time  • Revise and improve current monitoring strategies for the entire database enterprise.  • Creating documentations for installations, MIGRATION, upgrades, BACKUP, RESTORES, index maintenance.  • Proactively monitoring the entire instances and databases for any abnormalities.  • Involved in TROUBLESHOOTING as well as finding lasting solutions to those problems and documenting findings.  • Participating in ON-CALL ROTATION with the team.  • Maintaining all environments (prod, test, training and dev).  • Involved in REBUILDING OR REORGANIZING INDEX through maintenance plan  • Ensure that all database related trouble tickets are delivered Education Computer Science University of Nigeria Nsukka Skills DATA MIGRATION, DATABASE ADMINISTRATION, DATABASE MODELING, DATABASE, DATABASE DESIGN, MICROSOFT SQL SERVER, SQL SERVER, SQL SERVER 2000, SQL SERVER 2005, SQL SERVER 2008, SQL SERVER 2012, REPLICATION, SQL, CLUSTERING, DISASTER RECOVERY, SECURITY, WEB-BASED, ROLLOUT, T-SQL, RDBMS Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/cletus-ochu Additional Information SKILLS SUMMARY:    • Configured ALWAYS ON setup between different Datacenters and on Multi Subnet Cluster.  • Performed various data migration tasks for mission critical databases.  • Accountable for troubleshooting and problem solving of SQL database Servers.  • Experience writing, debugging, and tuning Transactional SQL.  • Capacity to ensure the technical integrity of corporate databases by protecting against the loss or misuse of information and designing backup/recovery strategies.  • Knowledgeable in configuring HADR using SQL server 2012 & 2014  • Experienced in setting up partially contained databases using SQL server 2012 &. 2014  • Experienced in deploying SQL server 2012 cluster solutions.  • Responsible for improvement and maintenance of the databases to include release rollout and upgrades.  • SQL Server Replication (Native and GG). Maintenance and tuning of the databases and replication  • Experience managing multiple MS SQL 2008, 2008r2, 2012, 2014 RDBMS on web-based, transactions.  • Database administration including installation, configuration, upgrades, capacity planning, performance tuning, back-up and recovery in managing clusters of SQL servers.  • Experience with setup and administration of SQL Server Database Security environments using Profiler, database Privileges and Roles.  • Deliver SQL Server database physical model creation and implementation (data type, indexing, and table design).  • Experience working with merge and transactional replication.  • Management of multi-terabyte production clustered systems using ACTIVE-PASSIVE Clustering.  • Experience with SQL Server 2000, 2005, 2008, 2008r2 and 2012 on Windows NT, Server 2003, 2008 and 2008r2.  • Expert in performance of SQL Server software new installation and upgrades.  • Proficient in Backup/recovery strategies implementation.  • Expert in reviewing overall physical database structure for overall stability  • Proficient in use of tools like SQL Server profiler and Windows performance monitor.  • Experience with implementing Database Disaster Recovery and Planning  • Proficient in logical and physical database modeling.  • Experienced with the design, implementation, and administration of SQL Server database solutions.  • Have good understanding of Disk and Server configuration for SQL Server.  • Experience with network connection tuning using SQL Server 2008.  • Development database support (SQL, T-SQL tuning, Application tuning etc.).  • Proficient in SQL Server 2005, 2008, 2008r2 and 2012 database cloning.  • Extensive knowledge in Microsoft SQL Server databases, performance tuning, database design.  • Experience with cross-platform database migration and database instance consolidation.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1334.html#374:::Certified Scrum Master/Business Analyst;Database Administrator / Scrum Master;Jira;Rally;Oracle;Sql;Sdlc;Hyperion;Sharepoint;Ms office;Documentation;Technical documentation;Problem solving;Time management;Business intelligence;Excellent writing;Presentation skills;Problem solver;Coaching;Kanban;Excel;Word:::Certified Scrum Master/Business Analyst Certified Scrum Master/Business Analyst Certified Scrum Master/Business Analyst - United Health Group Lisle, IL Johnson Ayuk is a Certified Scrum Master with 5yrs + of hands on experience in a hybrid, fast-paced Business Analyst/Scrum Master role. Throughout his role as a Business Analyst, Ayuk became well-versed in gathering business requirements and creating business requirement documents while also gaining a strong understanding of the fundamentals of software development processes/procedures. Ayuk is experience in all phases of SDLC utilizing both waterfall and agile methodologies: SCRUM. In May 2016, Ayuk was hired on Full-Time and continued his employment with united healthcare group as a Scrum Master/BA. Since then, he has acted as Scrum Master/BA for two different projects/teams, one of which was a newly formed team. He has been responsible for holding daily standup meetings, backlog grooming and retrospective meetings, as well as creating business requirement documents and acting as the liaison between the business and software development teams. Ayuk clearly understands Agile development methodologies/processes and is diligent in holding his teams accountable to following those procedures. Work Experience Certified Scrum Master/Business Analyst United Health Group May 2016 to Present As Scrum Master, led team of 5 developers and worked with team to develop, customize and troubleshoot responsive website using daily standups, Sprint Planning and Retrospection  ? Managed the integration of large scale projects, including website, windows application, proprietary technology and databases  ? Protected and served team members resulting in an increase of 50% more productivity  ? Created a Selenium WebDriver program to test and display 100% functionality of website which was additionally used to present Product Increment during Sprint Review and Final Presentation  ? Create comprehensive technical documentation, including requirements and burn down charts, to communicate with various stakeholders and team players.    ? Created a detailed website with the specific requirement of having an application forms page which did not use a database. I resolved this by using PHP to gather the information into an email.  ? Acted as one-on-one consultant and mentor to students resulting in students becoming more effective, confident college-level writers and successful students    ? Created and conducted battery consumption usability test; then collected, analyzed and collated that data before translating it into a clear, understandable document with charts and other visual documentation which the company used for selecting the enterprise application  ? Performed end-to-end testing of production updates resulting in the successful launch of an enterprise application for Android and iOS  ? Facilitating release/sprint planning, grooming, daily stand-ups, retrospectives and demos.  ? Tracking and communicating team capacity/velocity  ? Ensure the development teams are practicing within the Agile framework  ? Provide internal and external communications to improve transparency and accountability  ? Participate proactively in developing and maintaining team standards, tools, and best practices  ? Identify and remove impediments and prevent distractions to the teams  ? Empower the team to self-organize and self-manage  ? Participate in weekly meetings to report project status/risks Database Administrator / Scrum Master XEROX September 2013 to May 2016 Led, as Scrum Master, and worked with team of 3 developers to create a fun and responsive, mobile-first, Full-Stack website entertaining and informing users while waiting in line at Walt Disney World  ? Managed geographically-dispersed team as Scrum Master resulting in 100% team member support and increased process development  ? Managed digital Kanban board and product backlog through User Story creation and story assignment    ? Created a Full-Stack website, with an administrative GUI to allow the client the ability to post, update and delete, which has had over 640 postings for available jobs and internships for their students  ? Acted as Scrum Master for the project to comprehend client design requirements and translated them into layman's terms for both business and project personnel and junior level development staff  ? Created and conducted usability tests to ensure 100% functionality and enhanced User Experience  ? Spearheaded Agile/ Scrum implementation plan to move Xerox from Waterfall to Scrum to further the organization's streamlined approach to software development  ? Contributed to the authorship of PMO artifacts such as the Xerox Project Charter that redefined the organization's role within the Agile Framework going forward  ? Coordinated Scrum ceremonies: Sprint Planning, Daily Scrum, Sprint Review (Demo), Retrospectives, Backlog Refinement to ensure continuous inspection and adaptation of software development life cycle  ? Identified impediments and dysfunctions to the teams and the Agile/ Scrum process within organization to limit transitional setbacks and maximize team output  ? Negotiated feature and deliverable scope and schedule through excellent client (Product Owner) management to ensure a quality finished product  ? Engaged clients, stakeholders and end users to incorporate usability and interface needs in the design Education Education LSU Skills Jira, Rally, Oracle, Sql, Sdlc, Hyperion, Sharepoint, Ms office, Documentation, Technical documentation, Problem solving, Time management, Business intelligence, Excellent writing, Presentation skills, Problem solver, Coaching, Kanban, Excel, Word Additional Information SKILLS    ? Leadership - Servant Leader Certified Scrum Master Coaching Team-Building Conflict Resolution Led Multi-National Teams Technical & Analytical Problem Solving  ? Functional Expertise: SDLC, Oracle Hyperion and Oracle Business Intelligence  ? Technologies: MS Office tools (Word, Excel, Power Point, SharePoint), JIRA, SQL, Visual Studios, Trello, TFS, Rally, Kanban, TDD, Pair- Programming, XP  ? Communication - Excellent Writing, Verbal & Presentation Skills Technical Documentation APA & MLA Formatting  ? Soft Skills - Customer Oriented Problem Solver Critical Thinking Time Management Professional Demeanor Analytical Skills
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1335.html#375:::SQL Server DBA;DBA;SQL Server DBA;SQL Database Administrator:::SQL Server DBA SQL Server DBA SQL Server DBA - NYC Dept. of Information Technology and Telecommunication Queens, NY Client-focused Database Administrator with more than 5+ years proactively working toward achieving high client satisfaction. As an IT professional I'm very much committed to maintain cutting edge technical skills and up-to-date industry knowledge. Deadline-focused with broad skill range including, Database Design Development and Support of MS SQL Server 2016/2014/2012/2008R2/2005/2000 in Production, UAT, Test, Development and Cluster Server Environments. Strong Skill set in Database Administration using Windows platform. Always eager to acquire knowledge and share with colleagues. I am part of multiple IT Professional groups and participate in blogging like PASS, SQLSaturday, SQLServerCentral and etc. Work Experience SQL Server DBA NYC Dept. of Information Technology and Telecommunication - New York, NY March 2017 to Present Responsibilities:    * Provide day to day support to 80+ city agencies with 500+ SQL server with over 3500 databases  * Manage SQL instances of SQL Server 2008, 2008R2, 2012, 2014 and 2016 hosting VLDB while ensuring compliance with departmental policies, change management, IT security standards.  * Manage SQL servers Databases on both Azure Cloud (IaaS and PaaS) and On-premise environment.  * Migrate databases from On-premise to Cloud.  * Interact with various internal IT support functions, Development, Quality Assurance, Operations, and external 3rd party vendors to troubleshoot and resolve problems  * Implemented and administered SQL Server High Availability (Failover Clustering, DB Mirroring, Replication, Log Shipping, and Always On)  * Installation, configuration and maintenance of different SQL Server versions as standalone and multi-node SQL Server cluster on up to 4 nodes.  * Analyze current database performance and making projections for future growth (CPU usage as well as storage growth).  * Upgraded SQL server 2005 to SQL Server 2008 R2 in Microsoft Windows Server 2008 R2 Enterprise Edition and Strong experience on handling VLDB such as 2.0 TB.  * Experienced in rewriting and restructuring store procedures and views with T-SQL.  * Create and manage SQL packages, triggers and stored procedures, views, SQL transactions. Proven ability writing SQL statements.  * Created and executed SQL statements in both SQL production and development environments.  * Responsible for monitoring and making recommendations for performance improvement in hosted databases.  * Perform QA task and strong experience in decommissioning SQL Server 2005.  * Designed and implemented comprehensive Backup plan and disaster recovery.  * Updated database systems by reviewing, managing database administration projects including patching, hot fixes and service pack upgrades.  * Designed and implemented multiple SSIS packages and providing technical support for SSRS business application.  * Create standard procedure and technical reports for the management for internal usages for other team members.  * Experience in writing technical reports for the management and for other of Production support.  * Providing production support for SQL Server databases on Clustered Servers with sizes ranging from 1 to 2 Terabytes to achieve maximum performance and uptime in production environment.    Environment: MS SQL Server 2016/2012/2008R2/2005 , T-SQL, SSIS, SQL Profiler, Log Shipping, Always on, Mirroring, Clustering Windows Server 2012R2 and Windows Server 2008R2, PowerShell, MS DOS, SharePoint 2010, Oracle 10g. DBA Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP - New York, NY March 2016 to February 2017 Responsibilities:  * Administrated SQL Server 2008R2/2012/2014 with databases size ranging from <1GB to over 2 TB.  * Preformed installation and configuration of new instances of SQL Server 2012 and 2014 on Microsoft Windows Server 2012 R2 following best practices.  * Strong experience in Database Normalization, Optimization and Tuning, Backup/Restore, Troubleshooting, and Data Import/Export.  * Designed and managed High Availability solutions such as Always On, Cluster, Mirroring and Log Shipping.  * Designed and implemented processes and standards for database systems back-up and recovery.  * Updated SQL Server by reviewing, planning, testing and installing security patches and service packs.  * Create and manage SQL packages, triggers and stored procedures, views, SQL transactions. Proven ability writing SQL statements.  * Setup automated jobs for different purposes including backup, monitoring database health, disk space, backup verification, moving databases from environment to environment including creating test environment  * Troubleshoot SQL Server Agent jobs, Error Logs, Windows Logs to resolve failure job component.  * Regularly monitor databases health and performance using DMVs, DBCCs and SPs from SQL Server 2008R2 to 2014. Additionally, monitoring performance using SQL Profiler, Activity Monitor, Perfmon in order to find locking, blocking and deadlock issues.  * Make recommendations and implemented performance improvements in hosted databases, this involved index creation, index removal, index modification, file group modifications, and adding scheduled jobs to re-index and update statistics.  * Manage database administration projects including data archiving, patching, hot fixes and service pack upgrades.  * Automated daily tasks including backup and restore by using SQL Server 2005/2008R2/2012 native SSMS tools.  * Expertise in writing technical reports for the management and for other of Production support.  * Provided 24x7 production support for SQL Server databases on Clustered Servers with sizes ranging from 1 to 2 Terabytes to achieve maximum performance and uptime in production environment.    Environment: MS SQL Server 2014/2012/2008R2 , T-SQL,SSIS, Asana, Red-gate, LiteSpeed, , SQL Profiler, Performance monitor, BCP, Log Shipping, Mirroring, Clustering, Windows Server 2012R2, .Net Framework, C#.Net, JavaScript, MS TFS, MS-Access, SharePoint 2010, Oracle 10g, IIS 6.5,7.5, 8.0, SolarWinds, and PAL tool. SQL Server DBA FCMC (Financial) - Jersey City, NJ March 2014 to February 2016 Responsibilities:  * Installed new instances of SQL Server 2012 on Microsoft Windows Server 2012 R2 and following best practices.  * Upgraded multiple SQL server 2008 databases to SQL Server.  * 24 x 7 Production Database on Call Support  * Setup automated jobs for different purposes including backup, monitoring database health, disk space, backup verification, and moving databases from environment to environment including creating test environment.  * Designed and implemented Point-In-Time Recovery solution according to business requirements.  * Automated rebuild/reorganize indexes and monitor proactively at regular intervals for performance enhancement.  * Analyzed long running queries and tuned the same to optimize application and system performance.  * Designed and implemented multiple SSIS packages for ETL projects.  * Provide technical support for SSRS business applications and Identifies critical integration issues and develop corrective solutions.  * Expertise in troubleshooting SQL Server Agent jobs, Error Logs, Windows Logs to resolve failure job component.  * Work closely with development team to implement new features added in new edition of SQL Server such as Data partitioning, Error handling using TRY-CATCH, THROW, RaiseError and CTE.  * Experienced in rewriting and restructuring store procedures and views with T-SQL.  * Expertised on creating and managing triggers and stored procedures, views, functions. Proven ability writing SQL statements.  * Strong experience using DMVs, DBCCs and SPs from SQL Server 2000 to 2012 for checking database health and performance.  * Experience in Using DMVs, Performance dash board, Mirroring, database snapshots and tracking Performance Counters.  * Monitored and modified Performance by observing execution plans and index tuning.  * Automated daily tasks including backup and restore by using SQL Server 2005/2008R2/2012 native SSMS tools  * Worked with SharePoint 2010, creating users, adding links, removing links, assigning users to a group and supporting database in SQL Server.  * Prepared the project management and technical documentation as well as, writing technical reports for the management and for other of Production support.  * Expertise in writing technical reports for the management and for other of Production support.  * Prepared the project management and technical documentation.  * Involved in designing disaster recovery architecture.  * Prepared Data Flow Diagram (DFD's) & Entity Relationship(ER) diagrams.    Environment: MS SQL Server 2008R2/2005/2000,T-SQL,SSIS, Red-gate, LiteSpeed, BCP, SQL Profiler, Log Shipping, Mirroring, Clustering Windows Server 2008R2 and Windows Server 2003, .Net Framework, C#.Net, SQLDelta, ApexSQL, SolarWinds, and PAL tool. SQL Database Administrator International SOS, at Philadelphia - Philadelphia, PA April 2013 to February 2014 Responsibilities:  * Installed SQL Server 2008R2 on Microsoft Windows Server 2008R2.  * Installed, configured SQL Server 2005 Clustering on Microsoft Clustering services (MSCS) from Hardware inventory to test environment.  * Provided 24x7 production support for SQL Server databases on Clustered Servers with sizes ranging from 1 to 2 Terabytes to achieve maximum performance and uptime in production environment.  * Involved in Analyzing and Upgrading SQL Server 2005 servers to SQL Server 2008 R2.  * Designed and implemented comprehensive Backup plan using SQL LiteSpeed.  * Worked with customers on Application rollouts and server migrations.  * Troubleshot performance problems and fine-tuning of databases concurrency  * Monitored and modified Performance using execution plans and Index tuning.  * Reviewed physical and logical database design; promoted the reliability of database design by ensuring appropriate referential data integrity was implemented and appropriate data types were used.  * Worked extensively in Query analyzer and profiler for tuning queries using variable for characteristics and query costs.  * Transferred the data (ETL) to Data warehouse by SQL Server 2005 Integration Services.  * Experience in writing technical reports for the management and for other of Production support.    Environment: MS SQL Server 2008R2/2005/2000, T-SQL, SSIS, Windows Server 2008R2, Windows Server 2003, LiteSpeed 4.5, Red-Gate, MSE, JavaScript, .Net Framework, C#, MS Visual Studio 2008/2005, SQL Profiler, Performance Monitor, Backup Utility, Mirroring, Oracle 8g, MS-Access, BCP, JAMS7.4 Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science in Engineering & Technology Rajshahi University September 2012
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1336.html#376:::Peoplesoft Database Administrator;Lead DBA for Peoplesoft;Fundamental Admin Services;Database Analyst;Database Analyst;Programmer Analyst;Systems Analyst;Sql server;Oracle;Pl/sql;Sql;Aix:::Peoplesoft Database Administrator Peoplesoft <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Peoplesoft Database Administrator - Towson University Towson, MD • Information Technology Professional with over 10+ years of experience as a PeopleSoft/Oracle Administrator  • Worked on various types of projects, upgrades, implementation, and support for Oracle and PeopleSoft  • Installed and administered database design, creation, space management, and performance tuning  • Designed and implemented an enterprise support environment for multiple Oracle servers utilizing Oracle Grid Control and Enterprise manager  • Perform Backup and Recovery procedures for Oracle and SQL Server databases  • Improved time on long running jobs by tuning the SQL and PL/SQL  • Constructed logical and physical database designs using ERWIN  • Works operatively and communicate effectively at all levels; strong organizational, problem-solving, and analytical skills  • Excellent skills using UNIX and Windows Platforms  • Installed and configured Kronos clocks and Biometric devices  • Troubleshot day to day issue with kronos clocks  • Experience working in a 24X7 on-call environment Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Peoplesoft Database Administrator Towson University - Towson, MD July 2018 to Present • Install, configure, administer and support various peoplesoft application infrastructure technology components including webserver, application server and batch servers.  • Apply infrastructure updates, patches and fixes to peoplesoft environments.  • Execute and support infrastructure upgrades.  • Install and use Peoplesoft change Assistant to facilitate patches/upgrades.  • Install, configure and upgrade application FSCM PeopleTools from 8.53 to 8.55 and Portal application PeopleTools to 8.56 version.PUM images.  • Support, configure and maintain the Peoplesoft Integration Broker technology and its infrastructure components. Assist in integration of Peoplesoft applications with other Peoplesoft applications and 3rd party applications.  • Assist in installation and configuration of Peoplesoft Portal Lead DBA for Peoplesoft BNY Mellon - Pittsburgh, PA July 2016 to March 2018 • Install and configure components within the PIA. Configure, support, troubleshooting, monitoring, Optimization, components app server, webserver, and process scheduler. Perform PeopleSoft Administrative activities such as Project/User creation, Roles Management, Import and Export projects, database configuration setup  • Install and configure IBM information Tool Data Stage 8.1 and 8.5. Data Designer and Data Administration  • Perform production migrations for Peoplesoft objects, CSR migrations  • Interact with business users and off shore teams.  • STAT Administration, STAT security administration, STAT change control version.  • Support of application (Weblogic, Tuexedo, ApplicationDesigner, Data Mover, Integration Broker, Sqr, Change Assistant, Pum) in all the Peoplesoft env.  • Setup and complete DR testing every quarter.  • Effective communication and collaboration skills.  • Provide 24x7 on-call support.  • Worked with DBA group on storage requests.  • Coordinate hardware upgrades Fundamental Admin Services Sparks, MD August 2015 to March 2016 Lead DBA for Oracle and PeopleSoft / Senior Database Analyst    • Led planning, design and implementation for many projects, such as Oracle and PeopleSoft when migrating Hardware from HP-Itanium to Linux Red Hat 4  • Developed and implemented RMAN Backup and Recovery procedures  • Lead DBA for PeopleSoft HR/Financial upgrade, app server, process scheduler, report manager, PeopleBook and web server configuration for Development and Production  • Worked on environment rebuilds, web logic, application, process scheduler, PIA  • Troubleshot and provided routine database tuning for optimal performance  • Performed database refreshes regularly using RMAN and Export/Import Utility  • Installed patches and Tax updates regularly  • Installed and upgraded PeopleSoft HRIS application from 7 to 8sp1 and PeopleTools 7.02 to 8.16  • Installed and upgraded PeopleSoft Financials application from 8 sp2 to 8.8 and PeopleTools from 8.16 to 8.45  • Documented in SharePoint DBA Procedures performed daily for troubleshooting purposes  • Installed and configured Oracle Enterprise Manager and Oracle Internet Directory structure on 10G environment  • Installed, configured, backed up and managed SQL Server databases  • Created Reports using SQL Server 2008 Reporting Services (SSRS)  • Created procedures and triggers to load data into SQL Server  • Installed and configured Kronos clocks and Biometric devices  • Troubleshot day to day issue with clocks  • Mentored and trained all junior level DBAs in SQL, Oracle and PeopleSoft Database Analyst Carroll Community College, MD March 2013 to June 2015 Part Time Project)  Independent contract to develop and administer student registration application in SQL SERVER 7.0  • Created databases, tables and indexes structure  • Created SQL stored procedure to load data based on user requirements  • Worked with user and their requirements for the College Student program Database Analyst Social Security Administration, MD November 2011 to July 2013 Office of System Design and Development  • Worked as a Database Administrator and Maintain Database Environment  • Provide DBA Support on UNIX (HP server) and Windows NT 4.0 environment for re-engineering Disability System (RDS), a client server application  • Designed and developed physical and data model for the APRS application using Erwin  • Created databases, PL/SQL procedure and perform tuning using SQL Programmer Analyst Computer Sciences Corporation, MD April 2010 to November 2011 Space Sciences Division, NASA  • Worked on the Distributed Data Facility (DDF) as Database specialist. DDF consisted of a distributed Network of Sun Solaris UNIX operating system  • Assisted with Database Administration activities with the development team to design and develop Electronic Distribution System which used C, PROC, and SQL with Oracle RDBMS to keep the state of products and data to be delivered to the consumer  • Designed, developed and tested Oracle SQLFORMS and report using REPORTWRITER on Qualification Test Database using customer requirements  • Implemented HTML pages, HTML forms on UNIX environment with Netscape, using CGI programs to access Oracle Database for Renaissance MO&DSD Missions project Systems Analyst CACI International, VA January 2009 to May 2010 Programmer Analyst    • Computer Maintain and implement Defense Software Repository System (DSRS) on Database Specification on the SUN SPARC Station  • Developed menu driven Metrics Program using Oracle Tool, SQL, PRO*C to obtain Metrics values for a Reuse Repository  • Created Oracle Database Instance, SQLFORMS, SQL*LOADER, and SQL*REPORT WRITER on ORACLE 7.1  • Performed requirements analysis and testing on all development efforts  • Worked on SBIS (Sustaining Base Information Services) on the IBM RISC SYSTEM 6000  • Constructed and draw ERD using CASE Tool  • Design and draw screens for the system in AIC (GUI Tool)  • Design and construct a Database in ORACLE, SQL*LOADER SQL*REPORTWRITER and BUSINESS RULES Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science George Mason University Fairfax - Fairfax, VA 1993 B.A. Zakir Husain College India Skills Sql server, Oracle, Pl/sql, Sql, Aix Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS SUMMARY:  Languages: SQL, Transact-SQL, PL/SQL, UNIX Shell Programming  Software: Oracle 11g, ORACLE7 10g, SQL SERVER 7-2008, PEOPLtESOFT Application 9.1, PEOPLETOOL 8.51, STAT TOOL, KRONOS, WEBLOGIC, OID, RMAN, ENTERPRISE MANAGER, TOAD  Hardware: LINUX Red Hat 4, HP UX 9000, HP UX ITANIUM, AIX, X-WINDOWS, Microsoft Windows NT/2000/2003/XP, SUN/Solaris, SUN/OS, IBM RISK6000, DEC UNIX
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1337.html#377:::Database Administrator;Customer Service Associate I;External Fraud Investigator;Account Manager;Student Clerical Associate;Call Center;Customer Service;Customer Care;Investigations (1 year):::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> External Fraud Investigator - U.S. Bank Columbus, OH Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Administrator Ohio School Boards Association - Columbus, OH July 2019 to Present • Assisting with the handling of the database with every form for Ohio Public School Districts.  • Auditing ~200 policies daily for formatting, correct typing, correct location, correct code. Customer Service Associate I Farmers New World Life July 2018 to Present • First line of support for insurance agents and Farmers Life Insurance customers.  • Basic coding systems used during daily contact with customers  • Follow up with numerous customers daily regarding their life insurance policies and finances going towards their policy.  • Daily processing of HIPAA sensitive documents to customers and agents.  • 50+ incoming calls regarding life insurance policies daily.  • Daily de-escalation techniques implemented for call control.  • Daily research regarding life insurance policy changes.  • Weekly team meetings and meetings with our supervisors going over performance. External Fraud Investigator Robert Half - U.S. Bank November 2018 to July 2019 • Ability to have 3-4 Suspicious Activity Reports filed weekly.  • Ability to handle complex and diverse cases regarding fraudulent check/wire/credit card and ACH transactions.  • Balanced and healthy daily interaction with remote management.  • Detailed research of account/check details etc. to better understand the subject/victim activity in fraud.  • Ability to balance 2-5 active cases with 4-12 participants in fraud.  • Experience accessing high priority banking coding/ database programs. Account Manager Discover Card Financial Services May 2017 to October 2017 • Monitoring of over 100 credit card accounts belonging to customers daily.  • Real-time problem solving while simultaneously engaging in peaceful conversation with emotive customers.  • De-escalation of emotive customers regarding finances.  • Working with a team of individuals that operate in close quarters.  • Performance evaluated daily by various levels of management.  • Building rapport on every call with customers.   • Efficient computer and verbal skills practiced for quality.   • Abiding by all rules and regulations set by the government and Discover regarding bank operations. Student Clerical Associate Harding Hospital Partial Hospitalization Program December 2013 to May 2017 • Creating and distributing therapy portfolios with information regarding onboarding, expectation of the program(s), and next steps if help is sought.  • Assisting and guiding patients to their designated facilities nightly.  • Effective verbal and written communication with both patients and staff members.  • Required to abide by all HIPAA laws for customer safety.  • Handling high stress situations regarding safety with caution and composure.  • Fluency displayed in Windows Operating Systems and Microsoft Office tools by creating and updating documents for both the patients and the staff.   • Assisted in the facilitation of bi-weekly orientation. Education B.A. in Psychology in Pre-medicine The Ohio State University - Columbus, OH May 2017 Lorain County Community College 2011 to 2013 Skills Call Center, Customer Service, Customer Care, Investigations (1 year)
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1338.html#378:::SCRUM MASTER( AGILE);SCRUM MASTER;SCRUM MASTER;Oracle Database Administrator:::SCRUM MASTER( AGILE) SCRUM MASTER( AGILE) SCRUM MASTER( AGILE) - Wells Fargo, Minneoplis, MN Team-oriented individual promoting exemplary presentation, project management and risk oversight skills. Demonstrative Scrum Master with background communicating effectively with and leading high-performance teams. Considered expert in prioritizing tasks and optimizing workflows. Well-versed in building positive relationships with customers and other stakeholders. Skilled at overseeing complex, high-value technical projects with excellent planning competencies. Passionate about transitioning struggling or fledging teams to an agile enviornment and demonstrating the listed professional characteristics:  • Ability to work with Co-located, distributed Off-shore teams and facilitate multiple teams simultaneously.  • Agile/scrum Couching and servant Leadership.  • Committed team player with excellent facilitation and conflict resolution.  • Self-Motivated.  • Quality deliverable management.  skills/competence  • Extensive scrum ceremonies and product Backlog Refinement /Grooming skills.  • Methodologies: Waterfall, and Agile.  • Agile management tools(JIRA, Visual Studio).  • Knoweledge of various Agile Frameworks: Scrum, Kanban principles, XP, SAFe.  • Ticketing tool such as Remedy PAC200, JIRA, ServiceNow  • Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, Powerpoint, Word, Outlook, Access)  • SQL Developer; Object and Attribute Data Query(Beginner Knowledge) Work Experience SCRUM MASTER( AGILE) Wells Fargo, Minneoplis, MN June 2018 to Present • Facilitate scrum framework-sprint planning, backlog groomimg, daily scrums, sprint review and sprint retrospectives.  • collaborate with product owners, team members, technologists and other scrum masters to define solutions and drive progress.  • Lead product backlog and support scrum framework for monthly sprint releases.  • Provide extensive guidance on Agile Scrum processes and methodologies to highly effective teams with improving quality and productivity.  • Build relationship with Product Owners and stakeholders to facilitate team's interaction with them and improve internal and external communication to provide transparency and disseminate information.  • Effectively work with Product Owner to track team's progress, incuding Burndown, Velocity and Release Forcasting. Encourage and facilitate cross-team coordination and collaboration.  • Acted as a scrum for multiple distributed sprint teams, resolving impediments, conducting standups, retrospectives, planning sessions, and creating track plans such as burndown charts and burnup charts.  • Initiated product backlog and developed user stories with clear acceptance criteria. SCRUM MASTER Securian Financial - Minneapolis, MN September 2016 to May 2018 Held restropective meetings to guide cross- functional teams improving future sprints for success.  • Transitioned teams from Waterfall to Agile. Walked my team towards the Definition of Done and provided guidance as an Agile Couch.  • Coach teams on scum practices, resulting in improved estimating by 75%.  • Managed burndown charts and motivated team members working towards the sprint goal.  • Led sprint reviews, daily scrums and planning meetings to realize full team engagement.  • Proactively identified and found ways to resolve impediments to prevent distractions and keep work progress on track.  • Maintained storyboards, organized charts with JIRA and influenced best practices to team.  • Maintained continuous alignment of project scope through tough environments.  • Mediate conflicts, fostering teams and coached individuals improving team dynamic. SCRUM MASTER Belaine Constructions - Minneapolis, MN February 2015 to August 2016 • Sucessfully guided 3 development teams through transition from waterfall to Agile development.  • Improved team velocity by incorporating capacity planning into sprint planning sessions.  • Built and maintained excellent Client-Partner relationship.  • Enabled improvement in team delivery commitments and capacity planning for sprints by identifying and tracking hidden tasks that increased customer satisfaction.  • Removed team impediments on a daily basis to allow the team deliver sprint goals effectively.  • Meticulously analyzed complex data, staffing plans and variances to recommend solutions to improve revenue per call and customer satisfaction/retention. Oracle Database Administrator Preston IT Consulting - Roseville, MN June 2014 to January 2015 • Monitoring Oracle Database using OEM on a UNIX/LINUX operating system eenvironment.  • Performed database Refreshes from production environments.  • Exposed to backup and recovery to Microsoft Cloud using URL/windows Azure.  • Proficient in Data Movement (Import and Export) while performing partial backups of database objects such as full table, multiple tables, entire schema or entire databases using both Generate and Publish Script Wizard and Command Line based.  • Create test database copies using Copy Database Wizard.  • Hands on experience with analyzing query plan, using extended procedures, managing indexes, statistics and locks to troubleshoot and resolve database issues.  • Experience in Database Upgrade using both DBUA and manual method, and Patching.  • Experience in Backups and Recovery using RMAN.  • Perform data and metadata transfer to newly installed servers using Data Pump.  • Perform user management, assigniong roles and profiles, maintaining system security through monitoring user access to the database and audting their use of the database.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1339.html#379:::Photographer/Film Editor;Graphic Designer/Website Editor;Oracle Database Administrator;Automotive Relocation Engineer;Graphic Designer/Website Administrator;DATA MIGRATION;DATABASE ADMINISTRATION;DATABASE;SQL SERVER;MYSQL;OLTP;ORACLE;PL/SQL;SQL;STORED PROCEDURES;LINUX;SHELL SCRIPTS;SUN;UX;RMAN;BACKUPS;VPN;CISCO;VMWARE;ETL;Photography;Lightroom;Adobe;Adobe Premiere;Photoshop;Adobe Photoshop;Graphic Design;Powerpoint;Video Production;After Effects:::Photographer/Film Editor Photographer/Film Editor Takoma Park, MD Seeking to build a career in an organization focused on goals, commitment, and growth. Work Experience Photographer/Film Editor east takoma shooter (freelance) - Takoma Park, MD January 2017 to Present Plan concepts and direct photo/video shoots  • Operate camera, lighting and other equipment during photo/video shoots  • Shoot documentaries, short films, vlogs, music videos, office showcase videos  • Develop and edit photos and videos in editing room  • Research shooting locations  • Communicate with clients daily from start to finish of projects  • Deliver final product(s) via email and/or usb Graphic Designer/Website Editor Gondor Graphics - Takoma Park, MD December 2015 to Present Consulting with client's needs  • Set pricing/budget for projects  • Communicate with clients daily from start to finish of projects  • Manage website and social media; keeping website content/design fresh, backed up, and fully functional  • Asset management  • Design logos for various of startup companies, illustrations, flyers for events, cover art for music artist, etc.  • Designs for clothing brands  • Communicate /send designs to printer  • Deliver final product(s) via mail, email, and/or usb Oracle Database Administrator MKIT, Inc - Bowie, MD January 2014 to Present DBA/Contractor  • Installation and configuration of the Oracle software both on Windows and Unix/Linux Platforms  • Creating Databases and granting users access and assigning tablespaces  • Remote database monitoring and maintenance using ssh via putty or mobaXterm  • Creating various schema objects such as tables, indexes and views  • Provision of administrative support to various user groups like application developers  • Scheduling and automating RMAN backups using crontab  • Database cloning, restore and recovery using RMAN  • Performing database tuning  • Creating data pumps for importing and exporting data across schemas and databases  • Creating Linux shell and Oracle database scripts to automate multiple repetitive tasks and scheduling via crontab  • Registering and monitoring databases and listeners on OEM Cloud Control 12C  • Monitoring user access by issuing roles and profiles.  • Creating objective evidence and documenting all procedures using the JIRA ticketing system.  • Remote management of users and file structure on the Linux side of the server  • Performing database upgrades and quarterly CPU patching Automotive Relocation Engineer Unipark Valet & Parking Services - Silver Spring, MD November 2011 to Present • Site Manager  • Report to locations  • Familiarize self with storage area  • Create location and storage plan  • Establish and communicate efficient/effective plan to team members on vehicle storage  • Transcribe daily reports for vehicles stored Graphic Designer/Website Administrator Geppetto's Tuxedo - Silver Spring, MD June 2017 to August 2017 Manage website and social media; keeping website content/design fresh, backed up, and fully functional  • work closely with company to make sure they understand how they want their websites to look and function  • Asset management  • Creating Assets for web/email  • New logo design  • Design banners, posters, signage, etc.  • Communicate /send designs to printer  • Photo-Retouching Education Bachelor of Arts in Graphic Design in Graphic Design/Advertising Concord University 2017 Skills DATA MIGRATION, DATABASE ADMINISTRATION, DATABASE, SQL SERVER, MYSQL, OLTP, ORACLE, PL/SQL, SQL, STORED PROCEDURES, LINUX, SHELL SCRIPTS, SUN, UX, RMAN, BACKUPS, VPN, CISCO, VMWARE, ETL, Photography, Lightroom, Adobe, Adobe Premiere, Photoshop, Adobe Photoshop, Graphic Design, Powerpoint, Video Production, After Effects Certifications/Licenses Oracle Certified Associate - Oracle Database 12c Administrator March 2019 to Present Additional Information OPERATING SYSTEMS/ SOFTWARE    Databases Oracle 9i, 10g, 11g, 12c, MySQL  Database Tools  SQL*Plus, SQL Loader, PL-SQL, SQL Server, Oracle Net Services(NetCA, NetManager, Oracle Net, Oracle Net Listener, Oracle Connection Manager), OEM Grid/ Database Control, RMAN, Exp/Imp/DataPump, Statspack/AWR, DBCA, DBUA, ADDM, LogMiner TOAD, SQLDeveloper, Oracle Application Express, WinSCP, FTP, ETL, Remedy, PuTTy, Xmanager, Microsoft Office Suite    Operating Systems MS Windows Server 2008, 2008R2,2012, Windows XP, Vista, 7, LINUX 4.x, 5.x, CentOs 5.0/6.0, RHEL, macOS, VMware and VirtualBox  Hardware  Sun Fire 15K, Sun 6320 Storage, Sun Enterprise Servers 890/880/420/450, Sun StorEdge 6320, Hitachi, EMC, Dell Servers, Compaq Servers 6000/3000/1600/800, HP/UX-9000    Remote Tools  Cisco VPN, Checkpoint VPN, VPN Softlayer, Remote Admin, Private Internet Access VPN, VNC, Remote Desktop Connection, Team Viewer, LogMeIn Rescue    Cloud Services Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure    TECHNICAL SKILLS    • Expertise in database administration (DBA), performance tuning, database backup/recovery, database security, database optimization, data migration of Oracle instances.  • Created development, production, Data Guard and standby databases for OLTP, DBCA and stepwise.  • Acquainted in designing and implementing PL/SQL stored procedures, functions, packages, triggers and SQL for automating daily administrative tasks  • Performed FLASHBACK features for efficient database recovery.  • Writing SHELL Scripts  • Installation of OEM Database Control, OEM grid control and Deploying Agents  • In-depth knowledge and understanding of Oracle Database features such as RMAN for backup/recovery, Export/Import, Data Pump and Data Guard.  • RMAN backups including full, incremental and cumulative.  • Excellent knowledge in Flashback Recovery, Hot/Cold Backup and Cloning/Refresh of databases using RMAN.  • Experience in applying patches (CPU)/ patch sets (PSU) to multiple databases.  • Designed and implemented logical backup options using DataPump Import/Export tools.  • Hands on experience in Performance Tuning and Memory (SGA) Tuning by identifying top Sql/Sessions and Tuning using vmstat, iostat and netstat.  • Scheduling and Troubleshooting Database performance issues using Statspack, Automatic Workload Repository (AWR) and Automatic Database Diagnostics Monitor (ADDM).  • Monitoring & Reorganizing Tablespaces/Tables/Indexes.  • Working knowledge in using tools such as SQL Developer, Oracle Application Express and TOAD.  • Experience performing Database Migration.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\134.html#380:::Database Administrator;Analyst;Oracle Database Administrator;Microsoft Windows (XP, Vista. 7) OS, Unix/Linux OS, Microsoft Office, SQL,Oracle 10g & 11g relational databases; PSQL/Greenplum database, Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM), Oracle Real Application Cluster (RAC), Data migration import and export, SecureCRT/FX, Rational Clearcase & ClearQuest, problem solving, strong communication skills, analytical thinking, quick study.:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator CSC Bowie, MD Work Experience Database Administrator CSC - Lanham, MD November 2011 to Present • Responsible for the performance, integrity, backup and security of Oracle and Greenplum databases, while developing packages for deployment.  • Installation, configuration and setup of Greenplum environment and database  • Planning, installation, configuration, management and troubleshooting of Oracle 10g and 11g databases on Windows, Solaris and Linux.  • Administer database user accounts. Create, modify and deactivate user accounts; assign and monitor user access rights  • Managed Stored Procedures, Functions, Triggers, Packages and views used by the database instance.  • Duplicate databases via RMAN from on environment to another either with a live data copy or restoring backups from tape  • Implementing bug fixes and patches for the listener on 10g and 11g on linux and unix servers to include quarterly Oracle upgrade patches (PSU, CPU) across a numerous servers  • Checking and verifying the successes of backups  • Regular maintenance and implementation of database partitions and indexes  • Upgrade test and development environments from 10g to 11g  • Provide network troubleshooting and administrative support for the development staff.  • Document Database structure, changes, problems, issues for future reference. Analyst NinthBall LLC December 2010 to Present • Research and information retrieval on web architectures and data modeling  • Troubleshoot PC performance issues and recommend solutions  • Designing and editing graphic, logos to aid with brand strategy for NinthBall's online content websites  • Researching Open Source Content Management Systems (CMS) and their different applications to web-centric products  • Being available for other assignments as required by employer.  • Detailed research and implementation for increased blog traffic Oracle Database Administrator Boltos Solutions July 2010 to December 2010 • Planning, installation, configuration, management and troubleshooting of Oracle 10g and 11g databases on Linux and Windows OS    • Performed Oracle database Upgrade and Migration from Oracle to 10g to 11g  • Performed database upgrade from 10201 to 10204  • Installation and management of Oracle database using Grid and database control  • Installation and application of several Oracle critical patches to various database versions  • Monitor, optimize and allocate physical data storage for database systems.  • Install and configure relevant network components to ensure database access as well as database consistency and integrity   • Establish, implement and maintain comprehensive Oracle database maintenance plans   • Developed, implemented and maintained an Enterprise Oracle backup, recovery and disaster recovery strategy.  • Implemented the use of Oracle Recovery Manager (RMAN) to backup the databases  • Performed import and export as needed and scheduled nightly export on each database  • Perform various RMAN cold and hot backups.  • Troubleshoot and resolve various Oracle problems such as connectivity problems, backup and performance issues.  • Perform maintenance and related preventative maintenance on databases   • Providing Oracle network troubleshooting, technical and administrative duties  • Resolve complex database issues   • Create and manage documentation on the configuration and support of the Oracle databases  • Applied security features to 10g and 11g databases  • Perform bulk load into the database using SQL Loader  • Tune the database and applications for faster and better performance; also performing goal-oriented tuning as necessary.  • Tune SQL queries and database performance for OLTP and DSS applications within various environments  • Develop best practices based on associated security policies, industry security standards, and audit regulations to ensure devices are appropriately secured from security breaches Resolve compliance break-fix incidents based on vulnerability testing, audits, and/or associated security monitoring systems   • Perform fine grain database auditing.  • Schedule jobs using various Oracle tools such as Oracle OEM, DBMS JOBS and SCHEDULER  • Maintained stored procedures, functions, triggers, packages and views used by the database instance  • Documented database structure, changes, problems, issues for future reference  • Develop and enforce database related policies, standards, naming conventions, operating procedures and best practices.   • Develop a strategic plan for the database development that supports the organizations operational requirements.  • Administer database user accounts. Create, modify and deactivate user accounts; assign and monitor user access rights Education Bachelor of Science in Telecommunications Morgan State University - Baltimore, MD August 2005 to May 2009 Skills Microsoft Windows (XP, Vista. 7) OS, Unix/Linux OS, Microsoft Office, SQL,Oracle 10g & 11g relational databases; PSQL/Greenplum database, Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM), Oracle Real Application Cluster (RAC), Data migration import and export, SecureCRT/FX, Rational Clearcase & ClearQuest, problem solving, strong communication skills, analytical thinking, quick study. Links http://www.linkedin.com/pub/oarhe-akhigbe/19/415/2ab/ Certifications/Licenses Oracle Certified Associate Present
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1340.html#381:::Linux System Administrator/ Database Admin support;Application Development Summer Intern;Ch-47 Chinook Helicopter Repairer/ System Administrator Support:::Linux System Administrator/ Database Admin support Linux System <span class="hl">Administrator</span>/ <span class="hl">Database</span> Admin support SQL Developer / Database Admin support / Database Analyst Omaha, NE Looking to secure a position as a Database Specialist/ Systems Administrator/ BI Analyst to utilize my analytical, problem-solving and technical skills in the Information Technology industry. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Linux System Administrator/ Database Admin support Yam LLC. Database Consulting - St. Louis, MO September 2016 to December 2018 • Consistently established system requirements, installed, configured, and tested new servers and applications.  • Managed users and worked with other administrators to strategize and improve systems environment/productivity.  • Monitored and analyzed application and resource usages to maintain system performance.  • Configured FTP server, and Apache HTTP servers to meet the system requirements.  • Troubleshoot system hardware, software and network interfaces to resolve any issues.  • Successfully installed Oracle and MySQL databases on Linux. Performed backup and recovery as needed.  • Used SSIS, SSRS and MS SQL Server to extract, transform and load data by creating packages, and combined data using SQL queries and Joins from various sources.  • Used Power BI and Tableau Tools to analyze, visualize data, and create insights from various sources additional to publishing and sharing them. Application Development Summer Intern First Data Corporation - Omaha, NE June 2016 to August 2016 • Planned, designed, developed and implemented documentation structures for Atlassian's Confluence collaboration tool additional to Jira.  • Successfully developed user-friendly and web-based documentations to facilitate users in accessing and managing documentations more efficiently.  • Organized weekly conferences with team managers to update the status of the documentation migrations and share new ideas with feedbacks.  • Prioritized work and handled multiple tasks simultaneously in a fast paced, diverse and growth-oriented environment. Ch-47 Chinook Helicopter Repairer/ System Administrator Support United States Army April 2010 to April 2014 Katterbach, Germany  • Inspected, diagnosed, repaired, and maintained the CH-47 helicopter assemblies and components.  • Documented work performed on aircraft using Unit Level Logistics System-Aviation {ULLS-A (E)} application system and updated completion of the tasks to supervisors.  • Installed, configured, and maintained the Unit Level Logistics System-Aviation {ULLS-A (E)} application system into multiple workstations.  • Managed and verified hardware and software requirements for the workstations for network services, storage management, and server services to optimize efficient operation.  • Installed and configured wireless routers and switches needed to facilitate wireless data migration from workstations to the servers for effective time management and application support.  • Configured workstation's IP addresses in both IPv4 and IPv6 to facilitate faster troubleshooting.  • Prioritized work orders, and managed time and worked well within a high stress environment. Education Master of Science in Computer Information Systems / Database Bellevue University - Bellevue, NE March 2019 Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Systems Bellevue University - Bellevue, NE August 2015 Associate of Science in Management Information System The US Army Aviation Logistics School - Omaha, NE August 2013 Assessments Technical Support — Highly Proficient June 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/whnv1mdvuakaay1f Basic Computer Skills: PC — Expert June 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to perform basic computer operations, navigate a Windows OS, and troubleshoot common computer problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/eiifk7dafhaubhcf Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1341.html#382:::Sr. Database Administrator/Developer;Database Administrator/Developer;Sr. Database Administrator;Tech;SQL DBA;Junior SQL DBA and IT support;Database;Sql server;Mysql;Oracle;Sql;T-sql;Linux;C#;Html;Php;Ms access;Sql Dba;Sql Database:::Sr. Database Administrator/Developer Sr. <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span>/Developer Sr. Database Administrator/Developer Reston, VA Microsoft Certified Professional (MS Certified Technology Specialist and Microsoft Certified IT professional), Oracle Database 12c Certified Associate. Hands on experience with installation, managing and configuring MSSQL Server 2000 to SQL Server 2019. Well versed on supporting Disaster Recovery (DR) and High Availability (HA) techniques including Backups, Log Shipping, Database Mirroring, building, configuring and managing SQL Server Always on Availability and windows Failover Clustering. Excellent T-SQL and PLSQL development skills including Stored Procedures, Indexes, Views, User Defined Functions (UDL), Triggers and Cursors. Excellent experience in Query Optimization, analyzing the execution plan and index management. Well-developed experience on troubleshooting, identifying performance issue using DMV’s, Trace and Extended events. Well-developed skill on database upgrading and migrating from one version to another on-premises SQL Server and to cloud. I have a good skill working on SharePoint 2010 – 2019 and office 365.   Experienced on data and server-side encryption and security techniques. Good general web development skill (PHP, dotnet). I do have an excellent skill on the overall system development cycle, system and database design, data analysis and development. Experienced on Oracle, MSSQL Server and MySQL development skills using TSQL and PL/SQL. Work Experience Sr. Database Administrator/Developer US Geological Survey (USGS)/ ANJV - Reston, VA November 2017 to Present Key Responsibilities  • Review all the database environments, infrastructure, Jobs, maintenance tasks, Security and access levels, backup and disaster recovery plans, fix all the existing and potential problems  and prepare process documentations.  • Perform a day to day DBA tasks like monitoring database traffic, performance, and general  database infrastructures.  • Implement a database and row level encryption on records with sensitive information, prepare  a new backup and disaster recovery plan, implement a change and document the new plan.  • Plan and propose database infrastructure changes, built and configure new database  infrastructure, SQL Server always on availability group on multi-subnet failover clustering for development, test, production and disaster recovery environments.  • Assist different teams on their database related support on MSSQL and on MySQL Database  on Linux environment. Create a database design and schematic representation, develop stored  procedure and prepare scripts to support the customer request.  • Discuss with the client, take the requirement, project objective and deliverables. Plan, schedule, assign tasks to other developers and work with the team to meet the project  objective. Develop a dynamic report using TSQL, SSRS, Visual basic and custom developed  application as per client reequipment.  • Preparing technical interview questions, review resumes, interviewing and select candidates  for database developer/report developer positions.  • Provide training for the developers joining the database/report development team, assist on any technical related questions and related tasks.  • Provide technical assistance for the database/report development team, give presentations, demos and prepare a walkthrough for the for the team.  • Provide a database support for SharePoint team.  • Migrate very large size database environments from SQL Server 2008R2 to SQL Server 2014,  2016 and 2017 both on stand-alone and always on availability cluster Environments.  • Implement column-level and backup encryptions, apply a key and certificate management as per the best practice. Prepare a standard process and procedures, guides and documentations.  • Design, create and monitor a database, tables, functions, stored procure and triggers to assist, document and automate the routine database administrator tasks. Database Administrator/Developer Stewardship Technology - Mount Vernon, OH January 2016 to Present Key Responsibilities  • Manage SQL Server database servers and processes, including system health and performance monitoring to ensure high levels of performance, availability and security.  • Planned, configure and implement windows clustering and SQL Server always on availability on SQL Server 2014.  Tel: 2027807606  E-mail: hdechassa@gmail.com    • Design, develop and build databases for different project needs.  • Provide 24x7 support for critical production systems. Perform scheduled maintenance and support release deployment activates after hours.  • Evaluate, modify and implement different level of security including database, backup  and server-side encryption  • Responsible for the routine data migration and importing from CSV and flat files in to SQL Server.  • Develop T-SQL stored procedures, Triggers, Functions and other objects as per required.  • Developed appropriate Backup and Disaster Recovery planes, automate, monitored jobs  and confirm scheduled tasks are going accordingly.  • Perform routine DBA tasks including checking Database health using DBCC commands  and DMV's, monitor server activities, error log, space usage, and trouble shooting as needed.  • Environment: - SQL Server 2000, 2008R2, 2012, 2014, 2016 on windows server 2008R2,  2012 and window server 2016 Sr. Database Administrator J.P. Morgan Chase - Columbus, OH August 2015 to January 2016 Key Responsibilities  • Installation and configuration of standalone and failover cluster sql server builds on window  server 2008R2 and 2012.  • Working on different server and instance, configuration IAC (infrastructure asset change) on both production and non-production servers.  • Configuring sql server high availability solutions like database mirroring and replication.  • Manage users, logins and provide appropriate permissions.  • Owning, tracking and responding for all Database related ticket requests and resolve issues  raised by customer.  • Worked with various teams by assisting in database design, installing SQL Server clients, phasing from development to QA and to Production environment  • Convert and migrate and synchronize very big databases from oracle to SQL Server using  Microsoft migration assistant.  • Environment: MS SQL Server 2008/2008R2/2012, T-SQL, SQL Profiler, Replication, Log  shipping, Mirroring, Clustering, Always On.  4. SQL DBA Tech Net Consulting LLC - Rockville, MD 2013 to July 2015 Key  Responsibilities:  • Administration and maintenance of different instances in SQL Sever 2008 and 2012.  • Perform day today and on-call support of several Production and DR Environments; handling  User permissions, restoring backups on test server to make sure backups are restorable, documentation, and performance-monitoring e.t.c.  • Manage Windows and SQL Server securities like Users, Logins, Roles, and Permissions.  • Create Indexes, Stored Procedures, Views, Functions and Triggers using T-SQL scripts.  Tel: 2027807606  E-mail: hdechassa@gmail.com    • Design, schedule and run appropriate backup and disaster recovery (DR) strategies and monitor  jobs to make sure all scheduled jobs are running successfully.  • Create jobs to identify index fragmentation and Apply performance tuning techniques and performing ongoing Database maintenance tasks like update statistics, index reorganizing and/or  rebuilding and shrinking the database.  • Documentation of codding standards, best practices and technical specifications and procedures.  • Participate on reviewing SQL scripts done by development team prior to installing on production  server.  • Performed Import and Export data from Flat file, CSV file and accessed to/from SQL Server  Database using SSIS.  • Provide support on High Availability (HA) solutions like Mirroring and Failover clustering on SQL Server 2008 and 2012.    5. Database Administrator SQL DBA Unilever - Rotterdam, NL August 2010 to April 2012 Key  Responsibilities:  • Participated on installation and configuration of SQL Server 2008. Configured and maintained  Database mirroring using automatic fail-over options on SQL Server 2008  • Monitored SQL Server performance using SQL server profiler and DMV's to find deadlock, identify index fragmentation and resolve other performance issues.  • Performed management of SQL server security, assigned appropriate storage for the DBMS  and monitor disk space to make sure SQL Servers won't run out of space.  • Managed a SQL Server 2008 infrastructure and implemented solutions for security, troubleshooting, deployment and optimization.  • Designed and implemented comprehensive Backup plan and disaster recovery strategies.  • Planned and designed a monitoring solution for a SQL Server 2008 instance to monitor object  usage statistics and to minimize performance effect using dynamic management views. Junior SQL DBA and IT support Ethiopian Science and Technology Agency - Addis Ababa, ET 2008 to 2010 Key Responsibilities:  • Supported and help information technology team to install and maintain operating system, troubleshooting, installing and configuring software, and other tasks as per request.  • Installed, configured, and applied patches for SQL Server 2000 and 2005.  • Maintained and administered different SQL-Server instances on production and test  environment.    References will be available up on request Education Master's in Information Systems Fort Hays State University Skills Database, Sql server, Mysql, Oracle, Sql, T-sql, Linux, C#, Html, Php, Ms access, Sql Dba, Sql Database Certifications/Licenses MCSA: SQL 2016 Database Development - Certified 2019 Oracle Database 12c Certified Associate, May 2017. MCTS- Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist: Microsoft SQL Server, Implementation and maintenance. MCITP- Microsoft Certified IT Professional: Database Administrator. Additional Information Technical Skills:  • Programming: T-SQL, PLSQL, PowerShell, HTML, PHP, dotnet, C#  • Database: SQL Server, MS Access, MySQL, Oracle  • Operating Systems: Window server Windows Server 2000- 20016, Linux  Tel: 2027807606  E-mail: hdechassa@gmail.com
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1342.html#383:::BUSINESS MANAGER/PURCHASING COORDINATOR;IT MANAGER/ DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR;MARKETING/MERCHANDISING MANAGER;FREELANCE IT;Information Technology (5 years);IT Management (4 years);Database Management (4 years);SQL (4 years);It Project Management (4 years);Business Management (4 years);Purchasing (4 years);Marketing (5 years);SEO (5 years);Information Security (4 years);Database Administration (4 years);Technical Support (5 years);Budget Development (5 years);Accounts Payable (4 years);Accounts Receivable (4 years);Operating Systems (6 years);Computer Hardware (6 years);Computer Repair (6 years);Windows (10+ years);Management (4 years);Documentation (5 years);Risk Management (4 years);Strategic Planning;Network Administration;Vendor Management;Excel;Active Directory;Customer Service;VoIP:::BUSINESS MANAGER/PURCHASING COORDINATOR BUSINESS MANAGER/PURCHASING COORDINATOR IT Manager/ Database Admin Danbury, CT To utilize my experience as an IT manager, database administrator and business manager to further my  career in Information Technologies. Work Experience BUSINESS MANAGER/PURCHASING COORDINATOR Kenny's Carpet One - Carmel, NY March 2017 to Present Tasks include personnel management, payroll management, creating purchase orders, invoice creation and follow-through. Monitors internal and economic trends to forecast sales and inventory. IT MANAGER/ DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR Kenny's Carpet One - Carmel, NY April 2015 to Present Monitors and implements an organization's technology infrastructure. Responsibilities include designing, coding, testing and supporting next-generation database solutions in SQL Server environments, while building the most cost-effective and efficient system. Completed the installation of network infrastructure including copper, fiber, and any connection medium as required. Restores data, operating systems, files, documents and drivers. MARKETING/MERCHANDISING MANAGER Kenny's Carpet One - Carmel, NY March 2014 to Present Oversaw general store operations, prioritizing and assigning tasks as appropriate. Implemented new SEO and SEM strategies in addition to Google analytics to increase website traffic. Managed sales department and selected, interviewed, hired and trained candidates for store. Developed valuable contacts and drove over $200k in sales per year. FREELANCE IT Various Businesses February 2013 to Present Tasks include: website hosting setup, website design, server configuration, database creation (using SQL), database administration, network security, malware/virus removal. Education Bachelor's in Information Technologies with a concentration in Cybersecurity SOUTHERN NEW HAMPSHIRE UNIVERSITY March 2019 Skills Information Technology (5 years), IT Management (4 years), Database Management (4 years), SQL (4 years), It Project Management (4 years), Business Management (4 years), Purchasing (4 years), Marketing (5 years), SEO (5 years), Information Security (4 years), Database Administration (4 years), Technical Support (5 years), Budget Development (5 years), Accounts Payable (4 years), Accounts Receivable (4 years), Operating Systems (6 years), Computer Hardware (6 years), Computer Repair (6 years), Windows (10+ years), Management (4 years), Documentation (5 years), Risk Management (4 years), Strategic Planning, Network Administration, Vendor Management, Excel, Active Directory, Customer Service, VoIP
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1343.html#384:::Diplomatic Security Officer/Console Operator;Marketing and Operations Manager;Jr. Oracle Database Administrator;Aws (Less than 1 year);Html (Less than 1 year);Javascript (Less than 1 year);Linux (Less than 1 year);Microsoft windows (Less than 1 year);Mysql (Less than 1 year);Oem (Less than 1 year);Oracle (Less than 1 year);Oracle 10g (Less than 1 year);Pl/sql (Less than 1 year);Rdbms (Less than 1 year);Red hat (Less than 1 year);Rman (Less than 1 year);Scripting (Less than 1 year);Shell scripting (Less than 1 year);Sql (Less than 1 year);Unix (Less than 1 year);Unix shell (Less than 1 year);Windows 2000 (Less than 1 year);Network Security;Information Security;Cyber Security:::Diplomatic Security Officer/Console Operator Diplomatic Security Officer/Console Operator Active DOS TS/SCI Clearance Fort Washington, MD Motivated, cleared professional with over 6 years of diverse experience in fast-paced, team-based environments. Driven to exceed company goals and build long term relationships while delivering positive experiences through high-quality customer care. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Diplomatic Security Officer/Console Operator United States Department of State April 2017 to Present Answer telephone inquiries from facilities in the National Capital Region and Passport agencies nationwide.  ? Receive calls from officers regarding post procedures and event arrivals, and from DOS employees unable to operate office alarms.  ? Receive outgoing 911 calls made from within our facility, ensuring personnel were dispatched immediately to the emergency as well as the appropriate emergency units. Handle an average of 80+ calls a day.  ? Assisted Captains with daily activities within the head Diplomatic Security Command Center at the Department of State utilizing surveillance systems and alarm monitoring  ? Monitor C-Cure 800/8000 and 9000 general activity monitor and CCTV for continuous surveillance of the DOS facilities, as well as the 25 passport agencies in the United States.  ? Provide a variety of IT support services essential to the effective operation and performance of the DOS security console  ? Provide hands-on system help desk support, system maintenance and operations support for all Console related issues.  ? Perform incident analysis to determine possible causes and potential fixes to various console IT challenges  ? Perform access control and visual checks of persons, conduct vehicle inspections at traffic control points, escorts, patrols, screening, crowd control, civil disturbances, employee assistance, emergency first response and personal security details for important political and international figures.  ? Prevent unauthorized access to domestic DOS controlled facilities  ? Handle and protect classified material on a daily basis  ? Using Microsoft Office, generate daily reports of noteworthy events occurring on DOS property Marketing and Operations Manager Southern Maryland Paintball May 2013 to October 2018 Developed and monitored content for the company website and social media  ? Designed and produced print content for in-store promotions  ? Tracked social media and website metrics (Google Analytics and Facebook Insights)  ? Managed social media platforms - responded to customer inquiries and booking reservations  ? Maintained field and store inventory  ? Managed multiple accounts with an array of suppliers  ? Acted as a liaison between customers and inventory supplier  ? Collaborated with team members to plan, promote, and host large-scale events Jr. Oracle Database Administrator Jelani Consulting, LLC July 2016 to March 2017 Performed daily incremental backups and weekly full backup of databases using RMAN  ? Performed regular database management on 10g and 11g OEM  ? Performed day-to-day activities such as creating users, roles, schemas, tables, views, indexes, and running scripts given by the clients  ? Responsible for the administration of a highly available web logics database solution supporting over 150 concurrent users in a VERITAS Cluster  ? Executed and provided ADDM, AWR and database health check reports to information owners and recommended solutions for improved performance  ? Implemented database security using Oracle's Transparent Data Encryption based on Database Security Technical Implementation Guide (STIG)  ? Restore and recover of database from offline, online and RMAN backup  ? Performed Table space monitoring, performance monitoring and tuning for performance improvement  ? Performed Day-to-Day DBA tasks - performance tuning, database design, system security, database installation configuration, patching, technical database support in 24/7 environments, to ensure system performance and stability  ? Managing, troubleshooting and resolving Oracle database and application issues Education Film/Video Stevenson University - Owings Mills, MD Bishop McNamara High School - Forestville, MD Skills Aws (Less than 1 year), Html (Less than 1 year), Javascript (Less than 1 year), Linux (Less than 1 year), Microsoft windows (Less than 1 year), Mysql (Less than 1 year), Oem (Less than 1 year), Oracle (Less than 1 year), Oracle 10g (Less than 1 year), Pl/sql (Less than 1 year), Rdbms (Less than 1 year), Red hat (Less than 1 year), Rman (Less than 1 year), Scripting (Less than 1 year), Shell scripting (Less than 1 year), Sql (Less than 1 year), Unix (Less than 1 year), Unix shell (Less than 1 year), Windows 2000 (Less than 1 year), Network Security, Information Security, Cyber Security Awards Certificate of Appreciation - Bureau of Diplomatic Security 2019-06 Certifications/Licenses Oracle Certified Associate - Database Administration
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1344.html#385:::Sr. Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Sr. Oracle DBA;Sr. Oracle Database Administrator;Sr. Oracle Database Administrator;ORACLE DBA;Avamar (Less than 1 year);Awk (Less than 1 year);Bmc (Less than 1 year);Java (Less than 1 year);Linux (4 years);Loader (Less than 1 year);Microsoft windows (Less than 1 year);Oem (5 years);Oracle (5 years);Oracle tools (Less than 1 year);Perl (Less than 1 year);Pl/sql (Less than 1 year);Red hat (4 years);Remedy (Less than 1 year);Rman (5 years);Scripting (Less than 1 year);Sql (4 years);Sun (2 years);Unix (1 year);Web logic (Less than 1 year):::Sr. Oracle Database Administrator Sr. Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Sr. Oracle Database Administrator - Centene Corporation Work Experience Sr. Oracle Database Administrator Centene Corporation - Chesterfield, MO January 2018 to Present Centene Corporation is a large publicly-traded company and a leading multi-line healthcare enterprise that serves as a major intermediary for both government-sponsored and privately insured health care programs.    • Experience in Identifying the queries utilizing high system resources and advising the solution for those.  • Used Attunity tool for Migration of Databases and Utilized RMAN for backup and Recovery.  • Performed Switchover & Failover for Numerous Databases with the sizes of 2 Tb, 4 TB. Done the Active Duplications and the Data guard Broker Setup, Setup of Standby database for faster disaster recovery and Data guard setup for high availability.  • Configured Active Data guard 11g Troubleshooting Out of sync issues in Data Guard environment and Configured Data guard Broker and used for switchover and stopping and Starting Media recovery process and Performed Disaster Recovery testing  • Handled over 30 Production databases, includes Oracle 11g RAC and NON-RAC, which are of minimum 1TB size  • Responsible for all corrections to the database infrastructure and for repairs, maintenance and periodic reorganization of oracle databases and Resolve database performance issues, capacity issues, replication, and other distributed data issues  • Performed Database performance issues, capacity issues, replication, and other distributed data issues.  • Configured Data guard broker between the primary and standby databases, perform Switchover/Failover and monitor the data guard status via DGMGRL  • Configuring and maintaining Data-guard , RAC  • Monitored daily database activities and overall performance, growth and tuning configurations as well as the security of the database  • Implemented and supported Administration tasks such as backup and recovery procedures, database utilities, and data replication technologies for both PROD and NON-PROD environments  • Working ON refreshes using RMAN manual restore / Duplicate / Data Pump Methods.  • Responsible for all corrections to the database infrastructure and for repairs, maintenance and periodic reorganization of oracle databases and Resolve database performance issues, capacity issues, replication, and other distributed data issues  • Provide technical support and troubleshooting assistance to application development teams for Oracle related issues  • Having Good Knowledge in using ITIL tools like Service now , JIRA and its SLA Priorities  • scheduling and tracking all changes using change management system tools  • Data masking sensitive data in production databases using OEM 12c and Scheduled Oracle Jobs using DBMS_SCHEDULER  • Data guard: Configured Physical Standby databases using data guard in maximum performance & availability and Converted Physical standby to Snapshot Standby 11g, 12c according to Business  • Configured Active Data guard 11g Troubleshooting Out of sync issues in Data Guard environment and Configured Data guard Broker and used for switchover and stopping and Starting Media recovery process and Performed Disaster Recovery testing  • Used Crontab utility for scheduling jobs.  • Created Users with limited rights as per specific module under specific client. Granting roles and profiles as per system study to users.  • Worked on Service now Ticketing system to resolve the incidents based on Severity.  • Created Users with limited rights as per specific module under specific client. Granting roles and profiles as per system study to users.  • Perform Daily Monitoring of Oracle Instances, monitor users, and Table spaces, Memory Structures, Rollback Segments, Logs and Alerts.  • Good at managing and monitoring grants, roles, privileges to users, analyze tables to generate and gather stats including verify daily alert logs.  • Creation of database objects like Tables, Indexes, Views, Users, and DB Links etc.  • Applied patches and database re-organization using oracle enterprise manager (OEM).  • Rebuilding indexes when needed to avoid fragmentation and improve performance, monitoring index usage and removing unused indexes.  • Good at managing and monitoring grants, roles, privileges to users, analyze tables to generate and gather stats including verify daily alert logs  • Database Capacity Planning & configuration (redo and stream sizes), design staging schema  • Installed, configured and maintained Oracle 12cR2 Real Application Cluster (RAC) 3 node RAC, Migrating single Instance Databases to 3 Node RAC environments  • Created standby databases and involved in converting Physical to snapshot standby and Active Data guard.  • Optimize the performance of queries with modification in T-SQl queries, remove unnecessary coulumns,eliminate redundant and inconsistent data ,and normalize tables  • Implemented scheduling full, incremental, cumulative and hot, cold backups writing, editing UNIX Shell Scripts for RMAN.  • Used Native tools like Database Tuning Advisor, Profiler and Activity monitor for performance analysis.  Environment: oracle11g/12c, service now, toad, Mobaxterm, Jira, Service now, RMAN, Data guard, RACCHECK, Attunity, Data pump, AWR, ASH,Putty,Linux,OEM 12c/13c,Exports/Imports ,Red Hat Linux ,Oracle-Wallet-Management ,Golden Gate ,Toad 11.6 Oracle Database Administrator Bureau of Tenncare - Nashville, TN May 2017 to November 2017 DXC Technology helps client's hardness the power of innovation to thrive on change. For more than 60years, we have successfully guided the world's largest enterprises and government agencies through successful change cycles.    Responsibilities:  • Grant, control and delete database access based on security requests  • Hands on experience on table promotions  • Skilled in Oracle 9i, 10g and 11g (release 1 and 2), 12c across multiple platforms, such as Red Hat Linux, Sun Solaris, HP-Unixand MS WindowsMonitor database performance through (AWR) Automated Workload Repository and optimize when appropriate  • Monitor system for invalid objects.  • Perform Daily Monitoring of Oracle Instances, monitor users, and table spaces, Memory Structures, Rollback Segments, Logs and Alerts.  • Worked in the client location.  • Performed daily maintenance tasks like space management, rectified locking problems, managed quotas etc., configured network components like TNSNAMES, Names Server, Connection Manager, etc. for easy and effective management of Oracle networking. Configured listener for external procedure calls  • Create and manage documentation for databases and processes  • Security provisioning for the users on the daily basis.  • Worked on performance tuning, troubleshooting and monitoring using performance Dashboards reports, Database Tuning Advisor, SQL profiler.  • Experience in Performance Tuning, Query optimization, Client/server connectivity and database Consistency checks using DBCC utilities  • Evaluate all Performance tuning tools used by the team including Toad, SQL Developer, and OEM  • Performs general database administrative tasks including user account management, access control, database optimization and error resolution  • Perform Daily Monitoring of Oracle Instances, monitor users, and Table spaces, Memory Structures, Rollback Segments, Logs and Alerts.  • Created User accounts, Roles and granting required access permissions and privileges  • Excellent knowledge in using Oracle Golden Gate including maintenance and performance monitoring  • Worked on Service now Ticketing system to resolve the incidents based on Severity  • Excellent communication, interpersonal, analytical skills and strong ability to perform as a part of a team.  • creating table partitions and dropping partitions when required, creating index's and rebuilding indexes for maintenance, creating new DB-links for new environment  • Extensively used of Oracle Data Pumps utility for moving data among the servers andused data-pump at schema level and Database level for refreshes.  • Efficient in using the Oracle Tools like OEM, SQL* Plus, SQL* Loader, TKPROF, LOGMINER, STATSPACK, SQL*Net, IMPORT/EXPORT, and RMAN  • Created audit vault triggers for the tables  • Involved in migration of databases.  • Promoting the tables from UAT to DEV environment.  • Experience on changing the database passwords in a monthly rotation manner.  • Migration of database from one server to another server.  • Creation of database objects like Tables, Indexes, Views, Users, and DB Links etc.  • Created and configured database manually using Oracle Database Configuration Assistant.  • Used to take the backup of databases using RMAN catalog. The restore capability included the restoring via stored RMAN tapes and using the RMAN database and tablespace restore and / or recover capability of RMAN    Environment: ora11g/12c, service now, toad,sql developer, data guard, data pump,  Oracle patching, patch, putty, Red hat Linux, oracle enterprise manager, opatch , OEM 11G/12c/13c, TKPROF, AWR, ADDM, ASH, RMAN, Dataguard including DG Broker setup,  Oracle Golden gate 11.2. Sr. Oracle DBA General ELECTRONICS Oil and Gas, Louisiana, LA December 2016 to April 2017 GE Oil & Gas is a subsidiary of the American multinational conglomerate corporation General Electric. the company supplies mission critical equipment for the global oil and gas industry.it fosters collaboration and allows customers to better understand how GE products and services fit into their projects.    Responsibilities:  • Performed administrative maintenance, monitoring on Oracle database systems in a global 24x7 operational environment  • Performed the 12c Upgrade of RAC cluster ware from 11g.  • Duplicated issues and tested solutions to make sure problems were resolved properly.  • Assisted Development and Business analyst teams by capacity planning and cloning of databases to the test environments so they could develop custom applications and perform a variety of tests for quality assurance and issue resolution  • Installed the 3 node RAC for the 12c database and administered the 12c databases on these RAC server's.  • Managed testing, assisted Developers, and created backups by Exporting and Importing tables when needed.  • Established performance tuning best practices used by the DBA and Development teams.  • Performed the Instance caging for the Exadata databases.  • EBS DBA on numerous Oracle E-business Suite (11i/R12) implementations  • Enabled Flashback for database to create restore points and supporting DDL changes  • Applied PSU quarterly on 11g/12c GRID & RDBMS homes using Opatch auto and Up-gradation of 11g/12c databases and Implementing catalog backup from RMAN  • Daily Health Check Up of the Database and SQL Queries and Performed large batch jobs, and tuning of SQL queries and database systems  • Excellent knowledge in using Oracle Golden Gate including maintenance and performance monitoring.  • Performance tuning Golden Gate replication and used Log dump and report files for troubleshooting.  • Installation and configuration of oracle Golden gate on 12c & 11g.  • Configuration and troubleshooting of Golden Gate EXTRACT, Unidirectional and BIDIRECTIONAL REPLICAT issues  • Evaluate all Performance tuning tools used by the team including Toad, SQL Developer, and OEM  • Worked on Exadata Production databases and providing the Technical support to Application Support team for performance and database related issues  • Up gradation of GRID infrastructure from 11.2.0.x to 11.2.0.4 and from 11.2.0.4 to 12.1.0.2  • Performed health checks of RAC Cluster-ware components OCR, voting files and backups using ocrconfig and Troubleshooting Issues using Cluster ware logs in 12C  • Used RAC Tool orachk to scan different stack of layers and finding potential risk and reconfiguring RAC cluster and Creating and Managing services using RAC Tools SRVCTL and Cluster-ware resources using CRSCTL.  • Performed daily maintenance tasks like space management, rectified locking problems, managed quotas etc., configured network components like TNSNAMES, Names Server, Connection Manager, etc. For easy and effective management of Oracle networking. Configured listener for external procedure calls.  • Also configured database cloning using RMAN.  • Worked with offshore team and coordinating database monitoring, scheduled calls to discuss database issues  • Responsible for database administration and worked in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), and systems analysis procedures\    Environment: Oracle 11g/10g/12c, HP-UX 7.x/11.x, IBM AIX-6.1, RHEL 5.x, 6.x, OEM 11G/12c/13c, RAC11gR2, 12c, ORACHK, RACCHECK, OCRCONFIG, SRVCTL, CRSCTL, Database10g/11g/12C, RMAN, DATAPUMP, 10g/11g, Goldengate11g, 12c, orachk Defgen, Logdump, ASH reports, Oracle Patching Opatch, Data Pump, putty Sr. Oracle Database Administrator Care First Inc April 2015 to September 2016 CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield is a not-for-profit, non-stock health services company which, through its affiliates and subsidiaries, offers a comprehensive portfolio of products and administrative services to individuals and groups in Maryland, the District of Columbia and portions of Northern Virginia. CareFirst is the parent company of CareFirst of Maryland, Inc., and Group Hospitalization and Medical Services, Inc. CareFirst, Inc., and its affiliates are governed by a Board of Directors and special statutes regulating the company's business in Maryland, the District of Columbia and Northern Virginia    Responsibilities:  • Upgraded Golden Gate from v10 to v11 while upgrading Oracle databases  • Replicated tables to different Instances to support DDL changes and support applications 24x7, replaced materialized views using Golden Gate  • Performed Various tasks in Golden Gate: Troubleshooting errors using report and ggserror.log, configured DDL, DML replication, Configured Bi-Directional Replication, New setup from scratch for Migration, Configured Extract, Pump and Replicate and replicated tables to different Instances using Golden Gate  • Upgradation of databases from 11.2.0.2 to 11gR2 and Applied patches to databases 10g/11g  • Configured Disaster recovery databases using Data guard: configured Active Data guard, Data guard Broker and snapshot standby databases, Troubleshooting Issues in Data Guard Environment, missing archive log, performance of Standby databases using stats pack, applied logs with delay, Tuning Media Recovery process, Performed DR testing  • Performed Data Refresh from Production to Test and Development environments using RMAN Backup and RMAN Duplicate Database  • Configured backup & recovery solutions using RMAN and NetBackup, Troubleshooting RMAN failed and resolved issues, performed Block Recovery, Data file Recovery  • Planning Recovery Procedures and Performing backups in Both Archive log backup using RMAN and No archive log Back mode using Exports and Import utilities  • Configured repository database for setting up OEM 12c, used 10g,11g for monitoring databases, created administration group, template design, Black out, Database Administration, AWR, ASH, ADDM, SQL Tuning Advisor, monitoring performance of databases etc. using OEM 11g, 12c  • Created User accounts, Roles and granting required access permissions and privileges  • Extensively used of Oracle Data Pumps utility for moving data among the servers andused data-pump at schema level and Database level for refreshes  • Used 11g new features Invisible Indexes, and turn off indexes temporarily to check how queries perform without Index's and Worked on Oracle Database Appliance, patching  • Creating table partitions and dropping partitions when required, creating index's and rebuilding indexes for maintenance, creating new DB-links for new environment.  • Environment: Oracle 11g/10g, Oracle 12c(Testing), Oracle Goldengate 10.4, Oracle Goldengate 11.2, Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control, Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM), Sun Solaris, Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) and Oracle Enterprise Linux (OEL). Sr. Oracle Database Administrator Government Employee Health Association - Kansas City, MO December 2014 to February 2015 GEHA (Government Employees Health Association) is a self-insured, not-for-profit association providing health and dental plans to federal employees and retirees and their families through the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program (FEHBP) and the Federal Employees Dental and Vision Insurance Program (FEDVIP). GEHA provides benefits to nearly 1.8 million people worldwide    Responsibilities:  • Implemented Oracle Database 11gR2 2,3,4 node RAC Clusters on RHEL Linux Severs  • Performed health checks of OCR, voting-disk, Interconnect and RAC instances and managed resources using Crsctl & Srvctl, creating services using Srvctl, relocating services and patching RAC cluster and troubleshooting 10g, 11gR2 cluster  • Worked on Exadata X2-2 and x3-2 machines and migrated application databases using Expdp, GoldenGate and Dataguard  • Worked on different Features on Exadata x3-2: Hybrid column compression, Smart scan, Flash Logging, DCLI, create and drop Flash disks, Flash Logging, Enabling Flash Cache Compression, Cell monitoring and Alerts, Cell Offload Efficiency, Hybrid columnar compression, controlling database resources using IORM plan  • Performed various tasks on ASM, Installed standalone servers on ASM, used asmcmd to manage disk groups in ASM environment and Performed various tasks on ASM, creating a disk group, adding a disk to disk group, making disk Online and Offline and troubleshooting issues in ASM, tuning ASM parameters for better performance  • Upgraded GoldenGate from v10 to v11 while upgrading Oracle databases  • Replicated tables to different Instances to support DDL changes and support applications 24x7, replaced materialized views using GoldenGate  • Performed Various tasks in GoldenGate: Troubleshooting errors using report and ggserror.log, configured DDL, DML replication, Configured Bi-Directional Replication, New setup from scratch for Migration, Configured Extract, Pump and Replicat and replicated tables to different Instances using GoldenGate  • Upgradation of databases from 10.2.0.4 to 11gR2 and Applied patches to databases 10g/11g  • Performed Data Refresh from Production to Test and Development environments using RMAN Backup and RMAN Duplicate Database  • Created User accounts, Roles and granting required access permissions and privileges  • Extensively used of Oracle Data Pumps utility for moving data among the servers and used data-pump at schema level and Database level for refreshes    Environment: RHEL-4.x,5.x, Sun-Solaris 9, OEM 10g-11g, Oracle 10g,11g, RAC 10g,11g, Srvctl, Crsctl, ocrconfig, ASM, ASMCA, Dataguard, Active Dataguard, snapshot standby, GoldenGate v10, v11, Exadata x3-2, x2-8, Migration, TKPROF, AWR, ADDM, ASH, RMAN, Data pump, Opatch, Materialized views, Toad, Putty ORACLE DBA HSBC - Chennai, Tamil Nadu May 2012 to June 2013 HSBC Holdings PLC is a British multinational banking and financial services holding company headquartered in London, United Kingdom. It is the world's sixth largest bank by total assets with total assets of US$2.410 trillion. It was established in its present form in London in 1991 by The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited to act as a new group holding company    Responsibilities:  • Setup physical standby's (DATAGUARD) for several Databases running 11g well(Container level and Non-CDB)  • Improved the database integrity and increased data accuracy for end-users and management by proficiently using SQL language to troubleshoot, query, insert, update, and delete table data.  • Configured Data guard broker between the primary and standby databases, perform Switchover/Failover and monitor the data guard status via command line and GUI  • Assisted in keeping a daily log of SharePoint issues and submitting that log each week to IT management  • Converted physical standby to Snapshot standby and back to physical standby  • Involved in Availability testing of several Production databases before going Live which involved Node level failover testing, Listener/Scan level failover testing and database failover testing.  • Configure and build Golden Gate Extracts/replicate for multiple databases, Configure and build heartbeat monitoring in Golden Gate  • Converted single Instance Databases to RAC databases using RCONFIG, DBCA and Manually.  • Data pump including database links and network links. Upgrade the binaries by applying patchSet and interim patches using Opatch and Opatch Auto  • Provided Instance level performance monitoring and tuning for Event Waits, Sessions, Physical and Logical I/O and Memory Usage.  • Configured and implemented Oracle Streams (Advanced Replication) for high availability  • Tested database performance issues (monitoring and tuning) to ensure database optimization Involved in gathering requirements from end users  • Estimate growth of database size by detail analysis of the company's future policies and generating reports for the management to act in advance  • Replication was configured to run even at the time of failover (Data Guard) of the source database  • Providing technical support to Application Support team for performance and database related issues  • Effective Production Support and off hour support, support ha5ndover    Environment: Oracle 11g, Red Hat Linux 5.8, OEM 12c, RAC, Oracle Advanced Security, Pluggable databases, Dataguard including DG Broker setup, RMAN, Partitioning, Compression, DBFS, Performance tuning, Opatch Auto, TOAD for oracle 12.1/11.6, Storage Migrations Skills Avamar (Less than 1 year), Awk (Less than 1 year), Bmc (Less than 1 year), Java (Less than 1 year), Linux (4 years), Loader (Less than 1 year), Microsoft windows (Less than 1 year), Oem (5 years), Oracle (5 years), Oracle tools (Less than 1 year), Perl (Less than 1 year), Pl/sql (Less than 1 year), Red hat (4 years), Remedy (Less than 1 year), Rman (5 years), Scripting (Less than 1 year), Sql (4 years), Sun (2 years), Unix (1 year), Web logic (Less than 1 year) Additional Information Technical Skills:  Operating Systems HP-UX 10.x,11.x, Sun Solaris5.8,8,9,10, AIX 5.1,5.2, Red Hat Linux 4.x,5.x,6.x and windows 2003/2005  RDBMS Oracle 12c/11g/10g/, Oracle 11g Real Application Cluster (RAC), ASM  Oracle Tools and Utilities  Data Guard, GoldenGate, Logdump, Defgen, Web logic server, OBIEE, WebSphere, RMAN, OEM, Tuning Advisors, TOAD, SQL*Loader, Export/Import, Data pump, AVAMAR, RMAN, RAC TOOLS ORACHECK, oratop, TFA collector, OSWATCHER,    Languages C, SQL, PL/SQL,AWK Scripting, Perl  Tuning Tools TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN, STATSPACK, ADDM, AWR, SQL Tuning Advisor  Ticketing Tools Web Portals, BMC Remedy, HP Quality Center, HP Java ITO (OVO) console,JIIRA, Service Now
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1345.html#386:::Information Technology Database Programmer Analyst;Administrator Coordinator;Managed a staff;Detail oriented (Less than 1 year);Hippa (Less than 1 year);Medical terminology (Less than 1 year);Office medical (Less than 1 year);staffing (1 year);Microsoft Office;Payroll;Marketing;Human Resources;Scheduling;Receptionist;Word;Quickbooks;Office Management;Organizational Skills;Outlook;Billing;Time Management;Training;Data Entry;Excel;Administrative Assistant;Sales;Filing;MS Office:::Information Technology Database Programmer Analyst Information Technology <span class="hl">Database</span> Programmer Analyst Information Technology Database Programmer Analyst Baton Rouge, LA With more than 15 years' experience in administrative duties, accounting/ bookkeeping, customer service support, and or management, I am skillful in administrative duties, sales, customer service support, revenue generation, and a love for outdoors and agriculture. Moreover, while my on-the-job experience has afforded me an extensive skill set, including first-rate networking, computer capabilities and communication abilities, I excel at going above and beyond the minimum requirements of my job to ensure the business is successful, adapting, and growing at every turn. Work Experience Information Technology Database Programmer Analyst The Haven - Baton Rouge, LA February 2018 to Present Interpreted Medicaid policies, HEDIS measures, and claims coding sets while providing independent validation of data sets for internal and external analysis and reporting using SAS Enterprise Guide, Query Analyzer, SQL and SAS programming languages  Conducted research to analyze healthcare data, design software training course materials, prepare student training aids, and provide software training courses  Participated with the Medicaid Management Information Systems Section to support an on-line system project tracking application for Medicaid reporting using the Medicaid Data Warehouse  Collaborated with the Medicaid Management Information Systems Section in the development of the Medicaid Data Warehouse and Medicaid web applications using Visual Basic and Crystal Reports to share Medicaid data with all interested parties  Provided technical support for Microsoft SQL Server 2000, SAS and SQL programming, Microsoft Windows 98 & 2000, desktop applications, and networking Administrator Coordinator Focused Family Services - Baton Rouge, LA August 2015 to February 2018 Ensured that all administration procedures are followed to Company standards and audit requirements.  Acted as business interface so as to filter general information, requests and queries.  Greeted all incoming visitors to the office in a friendly, professional, hospitable manner.  Updated employee administrative records.  Made sure that the office is complying with relevant Health & Safety legislation.  Helped the company to maintain relations with partners and suppliers.  Answered e-mail, phone, fax and postal queries.  Coordinated business events, and travel requirements for senior managers.  Managed the office float Reconciled monthly bills.  Sort, scan and enter information on Excel spreadsheet and AS400 for driver's daily trips to different customers (9 main customers) for billing.  Enter time, equipment failure and modify order manifests in AS400  Run and update "unbilled loads report" so customer can be correctly billed.  Order supplies, answer phones, shipments via UPS & DHL and uniforms for drivers  Conducted phone interviews for a variety of positions including Event Managers, Marketing Specialists, administrative and technical support.  Sourced qualified candidates via online job boards, LinkedIn, and employee referrals.  Utilized RedMatch applicant tracking system to track and manage candidates through the application process Managed a staff United States Post Office - Sorrento, LA July 2012 to July 2015 of 16 full-time employees in the delivery and customer service • Managed quality communication and customer support • Guaranteed positive customer experiences and resolved all customer complaints • Worked under strict deadlines and responded to service request and emergency call outs • Compiled daily reports and records for upper management • Managed cash, stock, and inventory balances accurately • Delivered daily mail to over 300 businesses and residential addresses • Trained new employees on all aspects of mail processing (OJTI) • Successfully interacted with retail and business customers to follow-up on shipping needs and service issues • Served several detailed assignments as Tour Supervisor(204-B) as well as acting Tour Manager, Distribution Operations Education Certification in Real Estate Burk Baker Real Estate School - Baton Rouge, LA May 2005 to May 2006 Bachelor's of Science in Psychology in Psychology Southern University A&M College - Baton Rouge, LA May 2005 Associate in Business Management BLINN College Skills Detail oriented (Less than 1 year), Hippa (Less than 1 year), Medical terminology (Less than 1 year), Office medical (Less than 1 year), staffing (1 year), Microsoft Office, Payroll, Marketing, Human Resources, Scheduling, Receptionist, Word, Quickbooks, Office Management, Organizational Skills, Outlook, Billing, Time Management, Training, Data Entry, Excel, Administrative Assistant, Sales, Filing, MS Office Additional Information SKILL HIGHLIGHTS  Staffing Duty Assingnments  Training and development Performance Review  Resource allocation Medical Terminology  HIPPA Compliance Detail Oriented
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1346.html#387:::Sales/Merchandising Assistant;Assistant Architectural Photographer;IT Internship/ Database Administrator;Specialist Sales Associate;Database;Sql server;Sql;Ssrs;Rdbms:::Sales/Merchandising Assistant Sales/Merchandising Assistant Sales/Merchandising Assistant - Krazy Kat Sportswear Work Experience Sales/Merchandising Assistant Krazy Kat Sportswear August 2018 to Present - Communicate with accounts regarding orders, approvals  - Create and update line sheets for individual accounts  - Proficient in PLM - utilizing it on a regular basis  - Trend research  - Keep track of monthly expense reports  - Prepare for and assist for market appointments  - Assist in order placement from development stage through the production stage Assistant Architectural Photographer Bellfeather Instruments - New York, NY April 2014 to July 2018 - Took photographs of buildings to use for architectural renderings  - Adept at using a Nikon D70 with Adobe Photoshop CS5 to extract elements from images  - Organized image files on the computer network for more efficient retrieval IT Internship/ Database Administrator Ralph Family Company - New York, NY October 2016 to June 2017 - Conducted Sql server production database analysis  - Performed troubleshooting for LAN problems for client basic software  - Provided customer assistance and support on database system queries and complaints  - Managed daily/weekly reports and distributed to management Specialist Sales Associate Macy's - Orange County, California, US 2008 to 2012 - Provided customer service - followed up on purchases and suggested new merchandise  - Improved company revenue by increasing sales  - Ran store events in department  - Merchandised department - changed displays weekly  - Trained new employees Education Liberal Arts Fullerton College - Fullerton, CA Marketing degree Unity University - Addis Ababa, ET Skills Database, Sql server, Sql, Ssrs, Rdbms Additional Information SKILLS  - Working knowledge & experience with private label business  - Proficient in Adobe Acrobat, Visual PLM & Revo PLM, Microsoft Office: Excel, Outlook, Word & Power Point  - Assisting in photo shoots with models and mannequins  - Expert in RDBMS - Sql server - databased management  - Backup tool - cold, hot backup, RMAN, Import/Export - database installation and configuration  - Tools - SSMS, Sql Query, SSRS, SSIS
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1347.html#388:::Database Administrator;Database Administrator;System Administrator Assistant;DBA (5 years);Sql Dba (5 years);MYSQL (3 years);Oracle Database (2 years);Sql Database;ETL (3 years);SSIS (2 years);JAVASCRIPTS (1 year);Sql Server;Oracle Dba;Data cleaning (2 years);Mirroring (1 year);AlwaysON (1 year);data model (2 years):::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> SQL DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR Gettysburg, PA Database Administrator with extensive experience designing, coding and testing Database solutions in SQL 2012 and 2014 environments. Proficient in diverse technologies such as SSIS , T-SQL , and Excel. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Administrator KODEFACTORY LLC April 2017 to Present Diagnose blocking, live locking and deadlocking other performance problems on the server.  Developed Different Maintenance Plans for database monitoring.  Performed Backup,restore and Point-in -Time Recovery.  Performed many Data Modelling activities by using Some third party tools mentioned below.  Day to Day writing of complex SQL queries ,Stored procedures, Indexes (CLUSTERED AND NON CLUSTERED).  Managed Access to SQL Servers and Secure SQL server using server roles.  Configured, Installed different SQL Servers in both production and Development Environments.  Monitor Server Activity, Error Log, space usage, and solving problem as needed (e.g Bottleneck).  Managed all phases of Databases development including Testing, Modelling, Implementing, Designing, Configuring supports.  Teamed with other DBAs and Developers to developed a strong Data Migration Plan and maintenance of data using various utilities like SSIS, import and Export wizard.  Performed Database Performance Tuning Regularly.  Worked directly with senior Developers to establish parameters for creating new Databases for Applications.  Managed SQL Server Agent. Database Administrator MONDAWMIN CELLULAR - Baltimore, MD December 2015 to December 2017 Experience in Database backup and disaster recovery procedures..   Supported administrative tasks in SQL Server platform: jobs, alerts, email Created Databases for this small business and also taught the Clients on how troubleshoot both Network and Database related issues .  Day to day maintenance of client databases including performed backup and restore across all databases. Created Databases and Modify existing tables and views based on the clients requirements. Managed user access and security issues such as roles and privileges System Administrator Assistant Eduardo Cyber Cafe - ILE -IFE January 2010 to January 2013 1. Completed reports detailing performance, costs and downtime issues.  2. Worked with users to determine areas in need of improvement.  3. Responsible for LAN set up and Maintenance of computer system and Network on daily basis  4. Responsible for Installation and update of various several application packages on the system  5. Installed several versions of windows operating system during my time at the company  6. Made recommendations regarding infrastructure overhauls.  7. Configured, tested and maintained network equipment. Education COMPUTER SCIENCE TROY UNIVERSITY - Troy, AL August 2013 to January 2014 Bachelor's Degree in Plant Physiology OBAFEMI AWOLOWO UNIVERSITY September 2007 to June 2011 Skills DBA (5 years), Sql Dba (5 years), MYSQL (3 years), Oracle Database (2 years), Sql Database, ETL (3 years), SSIS (2 years), JAVASCRIPTS (1 year), Sql Server, Oracle Dba, Data cleaning (2 years), Mirroring (1 year), AlwaysON (1 year), data model (2 years)
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1348.html#389:::SQL Server Database Administrator;Office Support;DATABASE;MICROSOFT SQL SERVER;SQL SERVER;SQL;ACTIVE DIRECTORY;CLUSTERING;DATA CENTER;VMWARE;SSRS;R2;SHIPPING;WINDOWS SERVER 2008;DBA;Sql Dba;Sql Database:::SQL Server Database Administrator SQL Server <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> SQL Server Database Administrator - Strategic Intelligence Technologies LLC Laurel, MD Focused and meticulous database administrator with extensive knowledge in backup, recovery, performance tuning, as well as a wide breadth of knowledge in software installation and maintenance with the ability to communicate complex technical concepts to professional and non-professional audiences; Enthusiastic with strong work ethics. Work Experience SQL Server Database Administrator Strategic Intelligence Technologies LLC August 2015 to Present Installed, Configured, and Administered SQL Server Instances on both clustered and standalone machines.  ? Design and implement maintenance plan and procedures; also responsible for setting up SQL Server jobs to monitor disk space, CPU activity, and Index fragmentation.  ? Deploy SSIS packages provided by the Developers into the Production environment.  ? Extensively used SQL native tools like SQL profiler, Database tuning advisor (DTA), Performance monitor, Activity monitor, Event viewer, Dynamic Management Views (DMV) for monitoring, performance tuning/troubleshooting.  ? Recommend and implement database security policies that are consistent with security guidelines and best practices such as provide database access to users by adding their logins, creating roles, granting privileges, unlocking accounts and resetting passwords.  ? Participate in on-call schedule to respond to SQL Server alerts and potential production database issues.  ? Imported data from Excel, Flat file and BCP to SQL Server Database using SSIS.  ? Migrated MS SQL Server 2008R2 to MS SQL Server 2012.  ? Documented Disaster recovery plans and participated in disaster recovery drills; monitor SQL Server service status, Application log, Jobs, SQL Server Logs, Dead locks/ Blocking  ? Perform Database backup and restoration procedures, disaster recovery procedures. testing and implementing these procedures  ? Configure, and support Log Shipping and Database Mirroring strategies in high availability environment.  ? Manage and administer all aspects of user account management such as password reset, user account creation, user group assignment, and organization unit in Active directory. Office Support Rotika Systems and Communications January 2013 to July 2015 • Performed customer service responsibilities.  • Served as the initial point of contact for resolution of helpdesk issues  • Maintain inventory of all equipment, software and software licenses  • Clean windows re-installation  • Provided administrative and clerical support (mailing, scanning, faxing, copying, filing) while acting as a point of contact to clients.  • Scheduled and coordinated meetings, appointments, and travel arrangements for other professionals; also answered phone calls and took messages.  • Performed assigned responsibilities, duties, and tasks according to established practices  • Prepared and edited documents like letters, reports, memos, and emails Education MSc in Management Information Systems Bowie State University May 2019 Bachelor of Science in Agriculture in Agriculture Federal College of Animal Health and Production Technology September 2009 Skills DATABASE, MICROSOFT SQL SERVER, SQL SERVER, SQL, ACTIVE DIRECTORY, CLUSTERING, DATA CENTER, VMWARE, SSRS, R2, SHIPPING, WINDOWS SERVER 2008, DBA, Sql Dba, Sql Database Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Microsoft SQL Server 2008R2/2012 R2 Data Center/2014/2016 SSIS SSRS Import and Export Wizard SQL Profiler DTA Extended Event TSQL VMware/Hyper V Windows Server 2008, 2012, 2016 Clustering Log Shipping Mirroring Database Mirroring High Availability Active Directory Network SAN Storage System.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\135.html#391:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - PEPCO HOLDINGS Hyattsville, MD A fulfilled Oracle database Administrator with a track record of implementing database services geared at optimizing RDBMS functionality and productivity in heterogeneous environments. Hold over four years in improving and optimizing the performances of Oracle 10g, 11g and 12c databases. And cumulatively, hold over 6 progressive years of Information Technology and related experiences. Have demonstrated a high skill in accomplishing various oracle environment expectations; database installations and upgrades, troubleshooting, backup and recovery operations, performance tuning, enforcing database security, and performing other related database services which are not limited to:    • Experience in database administration on Oracle databases 10g, 11g and 12c.  • Extensive working experience on RMAN backup and recovery operations  • Also experience in Data Pump expdp projects; schema, database migration  • Establish and maintain sound backup and recovery policies and procedures.  • Experience in database tuning and optimization  • High Abilities in troubleshooting and resolving the oracle environment issues and providing timely interventions: slow running queries.  • Skilled in installing oracle software 10g, 11g and 12c and creating, configuring, and managing oracle databases  • Skillful in forming patching projects using the Opatch utility  • Experienced in automatic storage management environment (ASM) on single instance and on RAC configurations  • Experience in managing Data guard and RAC instances  • Skilled in implementing disaster recovery: - standby databases ( physical and logical) on unix, linux, and window platforms  • Motivated self-driven technical troubleshooter - independently digs into technical issues.  • Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.  • A Strong team player with perfect collaborative skills  • Possess a Strong active communication and documentation skills.  • Always ready to learn and embark on challenging tasks Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator PEPCO HOLDINGS - Washington, DC November 2014 to Present • A member of a ten- man team that supports several(?205) production and development databases on different platforms(unix, windows )  • Actively perform different forms of RMAN recovery activities; point in time, recovery, and other flashback Import activities.  • Perform performance tuning tasks using all known performance tuning methods; sql tracing, tkprof, tuning advisors, AWR and ADDM  • Do schema refreshes and other forms of data movement(expdp, impdp)  • Create objects as needed conforming to best practices recommended by oracle  • Schedule and perform various forms of rman backups on CRON or via the OEM Grid control.  • Automate DATAGUARD log archive apply monitoring via the OEM Grid control  • Install binaries: 11G and 12C and create database instances for testing, development or other operations as out of place restore  • Collaborated with developers, application experts, and other on or offside team members to investigate and solve performance problems  • Monitor and proactively tuned Oracle databases via the OEM grid control (12C) and RAC platforms (11g) and 12c or using the Advisors (SQL Access Advisor, SQL Tuning advisor, and SQL Repair Advisor) or using scripts.  • Apply various patches( interim patches, patch sets- CPU and PSU)  • Work on ASM Instances: managing diskgroups, and investigating performance issues Oracle Database Administrator BEREANS TECHNOLOGY INC - Potomac, MD November 2013 to November 2014 • A member of the DBA team that manages several production and development databases in diverse environments for a multitude of clients, managing about 200 databases Oracle UNIX, Linux Red hat platforms, with sizes ranging from 20GB to about 20 terabytes.  • Create and configure Oracle Databases using both the DBCA and manually using database creation scripts.  • Create primary database storage structures (tablespaces) and objects (tables, views, indexes etc.).  • Schedule and perform various modes of backups using RMAN.  • Monitor and proactively tuned Oracle databases via the OEM grid control (10g) and RAC platforms (11g) or using the Advisors (SQL Access Advisor, SQL Tuning advisor, and SQL Repair Advisor) or using scripts.  • Enhanced existing database designs for improved longevity, reduced maintenance, and improved performance.  • Assist with the development and implementation of database architectures for new projects.  • Perform database migrations, conversions and upgrades  • Configure, deploy and test new databases  • Maintain and administer databases and supporting automation (e.g. database objects, security roles, capacity, performance tuning, import/export, alerts)  • Resolve database issues.  • Establish database standards and best practices  • Work on High Availability, Backup and Recovery options and help to implement solutions  • Implement and maintain database security procedures  • Automate routine database support tasks  • Apply various patches( interim patches, patch sets; CPU, and PSU)  • Monitor and optimize the performance of the database Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    Operating Systems: LINUX, UNIX, Windows, and linux, UNIX on OVM  Databases: OLTP, OLAP and DSS databases  Tools: Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM)/Grid Control, Oracle Export RMAN), SQL Loader SQL*Plus  3rd Party Tools: SQL Developer
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1352.html#394:::SENIOR ANALYST - CLINICAL OPERATIONS;DATA ANALYST - DECISION SUPPORT;JR DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR - ACCOUNTING;Data analysis;Microsoft access;Sql server;Sql;Tableau;Business Intelligence;Excel;access;Microsoft Office:::SENIOR ANALYST - CLINICAL OPERATIONS SENIOR ANALYST - CLINICAL OPERATIONS SENIOR ANALYST - CLINICAL OPERATIONS - Radiology Partners, Inc Torrance, CA I tell stories with data. A senior data analyst at one of the fastest growing radiology practice in the country. I have been in data analytics for almost 7 years now, 5 of which have been in healthcare.   I specialize in:    ?Interactive dashboards on Tableau   ?Complete databases design and reporting tools in MS Access   ?Writing transact-SQL for data extraction in SQL Server  ?Actionable and automated reports in MS Excel  ?Creating tools in MS Access for users to generate reports  ?Provide actionable insight into business performance Work Experience SENIOR ANALYST - CLINICAL OPERATIONS Radiology Partners, Inc - El Segundo, CA May 2017 to Present • Lead the design, development, deployment, and maintenance of all Tableau dashboards for the department  • Identifying, defining, and creating KPIs, targeting performance outcomes and goals  • Formulate weekly T-SQL data reconciliation queries in SQL server to validate data warehouse volumes  • Oversee MS Access database; update and create forms, queries, macros for data gathering and extraction  • Create forms on Smartsheet to gather data from physicians and practice directors DATA ANALYST - DECISION SUPPORT Exodus Recovery Inc April 2015 to May 2017 - Culver, CA  • Developed ad-hoc reports for executives in excel, using pivots tables, charts, tables etc.  • Maintained daily, weekly, and monthly demographics and financial reports  • Evaluated financial reports to provide insight and suggestions on monthly budgets  • Created MS Access tools for end-users to create reports  • Wrote SQL queries to extract data for reporting JR DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR - ACCOUNTING Manatt, Phelps & Phillips, LLP - Los Angeles, CA February 2013 to April 2015 • Answered high volume (50+ daily) emails using MS Outlook  • Updated SQL database daily, via Adarent and SQL Server  • Wrote SQL queries to extract data for reporting  • Monitored various month-end financial reports in excel  • Troubleshoot end-user's software issues via remote-in, telephone, email, and/or in-person Education BACHELOR OF ARTS in INFORMATION SYSTEMS California State University - Fullerton, CA 2012 Skills Data analysis, Microsoft access, Sql server, Sql, Tableau, Business Intelligence, Excel, access, Microsoft Office Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS KEY SKILLS  • Tableau • Data visualization  • Microsoft PowerPoint • Data analysis  • Microsoft Access • Identifying KPIs  • Microsoft Excel • Data quality assessment  • SQL Server • Problem Solving  • Smartsheet • Logic
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1353.html#395:::Associate Database Administrator;Pharmacy Technician;Pharmacy Technician;Pharmacy Technician;Excel (2 years);Problem Solving (2 years);Data Entry (4 years);Documentation (2 years);Word (10+ years);Training (4 years):::Associate Database Administrator Associate <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Associate Database Administrator - Vanderbilt University Medical Center Madison, TN Work Experience Associate Database Administrator Vanderbilt University Medical Center September 2017 to Present Pharmacy Revenue Cycle    • Assist the Director of Pharmacy Revenue Cycle with special projects with the objective of optimizing the revenue cycle  • Prioritize multiple projects while ensuring timely completion for meeting deadlines  • Assist the pharmacy billing manager with monitoring charge capture within Epic, follow-ups on missing high dollar charges, and quarterly cost uploads to ensure the accuracy of drug costs are implemented across pharmacy systems  • Analyze incorrect units of measure and incorrect healthcare common procedure coding system measures to ensure proper reimbursement  • Oversee the proper addition of insurance plans into our Enterprise system  • Generate prescription fill and prescription delivery reports based on specific needs  • Resolve system-related prescription rejection issues  • Perform daily prescription rebills to remain compliant with third- party payers  • Assist the Senior Database Administrator with solving database issues that impact workflow  • Actively participate in weekly meetings involving strategic planning and problem solving with upper management to develop action plans for improving workflow procedures  • Respond to pharmacy or system related inquiries verbally and in writing Pharmacy Technician The Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center January 2017 to August 2017 Inpatient/ Outpatient Pharmacy    • Prepared unit dosed and intravenous medications for inpatients  • Generated reports for medications to be filled in dispensing cabinets  • Provided excellent customer service to patients in the outpatient pharmacy  • Collaborated with pharmacists to resolve prescription discrepancies  • Worked different workflow stations such as the IV room, unit dosed station, outpatient station, and the cart-fill station  • Performed monthly drug audits to ensure medications were up-to-date and properly stored  • Accurately responded to pharmacy related telephone inquiries Pharmacy Technician Vanderbilt University Medical Center August 2015 to December 2016 Central Pharmacy/Satellite Pharmacy/Operating Room (OR) Pharmacy    • Restocked unit medications and patient specific medications in designated areas  • Accurately prepared intravenous medications for inpatients using aseptic technique and unit dosed medications using med carousel  • Answered pharmacy related inquiries via telephone and in person from nurses and providers  • Trained several new employees while creating a harmonious work environment for employees  • Parred operating room inventory using proper entrance protocol  • Prepared and delivered time-sensitive medications for operating procedures  • Verified quantities of narcotic meds returned by nurses or providers  • Performed checks on IV drips for inpatients by reading infusion pumps to properly schedule future doses Pharmacy Technician CVS Pharmacy July 2012 to July 2015 Retail Pharmacy    • Worked different workflow areas such as drop off, production and pick up  • Performed data entry of new prescriptions and insurance plans  • Processed voicemail and over-the-phone prescription orders from providers  • Resolved insurance rejections including prior authorizations  • Accurately filled prescriptions, while prioritizing to ensure short wait times  • Compounded prescription medications as needed  • Provided excellent customer service when interacting with customers in all areas of the pharmacy  • Collaborated with pharmacists on discrepancies and other inquiries  • Performed inventory transactions to ensure accurate inventory counts when placing orders  • Volunteered to cover shifts at other CVS locations across Nashville as needed Education MBA in Healthcare Administration Trevecca Nazarene University - Nashville, TN May 2019 B.S. in Chemistry Tennessee State University - Nashville, TN December 2016 Skills Excel (2 years), Problem Solving (2 years), Data Entry (4 years), Documentation (2 years), Word (10+ years), Training (4 years)
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1354.html#396:::Sr. Oracle and SQL Server DBA;Oracle DBA;Oracle Database Administrator;DATABASE ADMINISTRATION;DATABASE;DDL;ORACLE;ORACLE 10G:::Sr. Oracle and SQL Server DBA Sr. Oracle and SQL Server DBA Sr. Oracle and SQL Server DBA - Americold Atlanta, GA Work Experience Sr. Oracle and SQL Server DBA Americold - Atlanta, GA October 2018 to Present ? Installation and configuration of 10g, 11g, 12c in UNIX/LINUX (RHEL)  ? Upgrade multiple Standalone databases from 11gR2 to 12cR2.  ? Apply PSU patches on production servers on a quarterly basis  ? Implement Dataguard configurations with Physical Standby Databases  ? Duplicating Tablespaces and Databases from Production server to Test server as per customer requirement.  ? Involved in datacenter migrating large size database in multiple platforms.  ? Generate AWR, ADDM, Explain Plan reports for Performance tuning.  ? Hands-on experience in user-managed Hot/Cold Backup, Recovery and Cloning/duplicate of databases using RMAN.  ? Configure and manage Data Guard extensively for Production databases of sizes ranging from 70GB to 2TB.  ? Constantly monitor the performance (V$ dynamic performance views at peak load) of the Databases and viewing Alert log files & Trace files.  ? Experience in Installing OEM 13c Cloud Control and using it for Database Management and monitoring  ? Schedule RMAN backups, purge jobs, Maintenance Jobs using DBMS_JOBS, DBMS_SCHEDULER, and Crontab.  ? Design and implement different backup strategies such as Cold, Hot (RMAN) and Logical Backups using EXPDP/IMPDP.  ? Implement and enforce security for all of the Oracle Databases;  ? Manage SQL Server databases through multiple product lifecycle environments including development, QA and production environments using SQL Server management Studio and other third-party Admin tools.  ? Install, Configure and maintain MSSQL database servers and processes, including monitoring of system health and performance, to ensure high levels of performance, availability, and security.  ? Provide 24x7 support for critical production systems.  ? Ensure availability and performance of the SQL databases.  ? Install database latest service packs and cumulative updates  ? Create and schedule SQL Server agent jobs and Perform database maintenance activities such as backup/recovery and rebuilding/reorganizing indexes  ? Set up mirroring, and replications Oracle DBA OSCA - Jefferson City, MO August 2015 to October 2018 ? Performed incremental backups using Recovery Manager (RMAN). Created recovery catalog, performed complete and incomplete recovery.  ? Performed Hot Backups, Cold Backups.  ? Worked with data guard physical/logical standby databases.  ? Used Data Pump for export and import. Wrote scripts for Backup of databases, maintenance of archive logs for databases. Streamlined backup procedures and implemented RMAN for backup and disaster recovery.  ? Maintained UNIX shell scripts to collect and monitor database metrics and Statspack snapshots and reports.  ? Configured DataGuard for Disaster Recovery.  ? Configured GoldenGate Downstream Mining and Integrated components for Active-Passive and Active-Active replication.  ? Installed and configured GoldenGate JAgent to work with OEM GoldenGate Plugin.  ? Performed Database-level, Schema-level and Table-level data refreshes from Production to Development environments using Datapump EXPDP/IMPDP.  ? Monitored various database activities such as Backup, Error Logs, Space, Object, Performance, and User Sessions to ensure proper Capacity and Availability.  ? Involved in User Management and Database Security by assigning appropriate Roles, Privileges, and Profiles.  ? Monitoring the availability of system, listener, database, alert log file, trace files.  ? Performance tuning of the database - SQL Tuning, Used Tuning utilities like STATSPACK, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN, AWR, ADDM and Tuning of SGA, distribution of disk I/O, Sizing of tables and indexes  ? Use Grid Control extensively and set up Rules for alert notification and schedule RMAN backups with Failure notification  ? SQL Query tuning in OLTP Environments with techniques such as SPM (SQL plan management) fix by taking advantage of cell offload efficiency.  ? Maintained ORACLE Software (RAC and standalone) by upgrades, and Applying PSU patches on quarterly basis  ? Performed numerous ORACLE software upgrades from 10g to 11g and from 11g to 12c by managing whole process.  ? Test and Implemented Applicable new feature during each upgrade  ? Maintained 24*7 Availability by implementing standard processes and troubleshooting live issues within defined tight SLA times  ? Managed High Availability Architectures (ORACLE RAC and ORACLE Data guard)  ? Performed Database cutovers using ORACLE Data guard switchover  ? Designed and implemented Application aware ORACLE RAC Active/Active Service based infrastructure  ? Troubleshooted ORACLE RAC issues using ORACLE cluster ware and Database logs.  ? Troubleshooted and maintained ORACLE Data guard environment where TBs of log shipping and apply happen every day.  ? Troubleshooted Database Performance issues using OEM, AWR, ASH, TKPROF 10053 traces etc.  ? Used custom scripts and implemented standard procedures to troubleshoot Live Production issues by leveraging ORACLE ASH and AWR and ADDM Data.  ? Monitored Production Databases using various internal tools and custom scripts.  ? Database Capacity Management (Working with Storage teams for ASM Disks) using automated scripts/processes and Reports.  ? Utilized shell scripts for purging trace files, alert log and network log files in Linux boxes used as standard script across all the databases  ? Experience in PL/SQL, SQL and UNIX Shell Scripting (Implemented UNIX Scripts using CRONJOB for Day-to-Day activities and Windows Task Scheduler)  ? Installed the Oracle software using silent feature and created databases  ? Worked on designing, installing & maintaining OCR, 11gRAC and Data guard components of Oracle.  ? Supported & maintained the Production/Development databases on various servers  ? Extensively worked on setting up auditing in many databases we supported  ? Managed Database Structure, Storage Allocation, Table/Index segments, Rollback Segments, Undo Segments, and Constraints.  ? Installed ASM environment and migrated databases from NON-ASM to ASM.  ? Monitored different databases and application servers using Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) 12c Grid Control.  ? Automated hourly, daily, weekly system health reporting using Crontab, PL/SQL and shell scripts. Oracle Database Administrator KeyBank - Cleveland, OH June 2012 to July 2015 ? Performed Installation and configuration of Oracle 10.2.0.1 database on HP-UX platform.  ? Installed Oracle 10g and 11gR1,11gR2 database on HP-UX 11.0, Redhat 6, IBM AIX 5.1,5.2,6.1  ? Applied Bug fixes patches and Quarterly Security Patches for the stand-alone databases and 2-node RAC databases within the maintenance window.  ? Installed RAC/GRID Infrastructure on Oracle 10g,11g and worked on ASM feature of Oracle on HP-UX/LINUX.  ? Worked on the ACFS file system and scheduled backup using RMAN on ACFS file system sharing between the nodes  ? Maintained a 2-node RAC environment on LINUX AS 4.0(RHEL) for the staging purpose to support the business requirements and provide High Availability.  ? Upgraded DEV/QA/performance databases from 11.2.0.3 to 12.1.0.2  ? Upgraded the databases from 10gR2 to 11gR2 and upgrade from 11.2.0.3 to 11.2.0.4.  ? Installed and configured golden gate for real-time replication.  ? Managed DSS (Decision Support System) and OLTP (On Line Transaction Processing system) full life cycle projects with multiple databases, with the biggest database size being around 10 TBytes  ? Responsible for handling Database Backup and Recovery, daily monitoring of database & network issues  ? Deployed Grid Control to monitor and manage all the databases on clients  ? Worked on the Load Balancing issues on the Server side by creating services.  ? Experience with Performance Tuning, Memory (SGA) Tuning, Net backup, EMC (Time finder and SRDF), RAID, RAW Devices.  ? Provided instance level performance monitoring and tuning for Event Waits, Sessions, Physical and Logical I/O and Memory Usage.  ? Handling large database environments (Data warehouse) using Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) on daily basis observing the performance of the production database and constantly active regarding performance and space management issues and accordingly providing recommendations to make database healthy and running.  ? Managed Database security using DB Auditing and Labeling.  ? Data loads using SQL*Loader and refresh the test environments using Data Pump export/import  ? Ministered the databases using Grid Control including but not limited to Space Management, Performance Tuning, and Workload Analysis (AWR, ADDM)  ? Involved in setting up disaster recovery sites using Data Guard technology. Configuring the Physical Standby, active data guard and snapshot standby database  ? Used Shell Scripts to automate database operation and schedule jobs using CRONTAB  ? Created and managed the RAC clustered databases.  ? Upgraded Grid Infrastructure and Databases from 11.2.0.2 to 11.2.0.3. by creating a new home of 11.2.0.3 and relinking the binaries.  ? Worked with Oracle Support to fix production issues and also to get the merge patches.  ? Involved in capacity planning  ? Provided application support to create database objects and apply database changes.  ? Worked on Database Wallet and TDE (Transparent Data Encryption) for Encrypting the Sensitive data using column encryption and tablespace encryption.  ? Involved in Disaster Recovery (DR) testing. Education B. Sc. in Biological Sciences University of Maryland Baltimore County - Baltimore, MD Skills DATABASE ADMINISTRATION, DATABASE, DDL, ORACLE, ORACLE 10G
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1355.html#397:::Full-Stack Engineer/ Database Administrator;Systems Engineer/DevOps Engineer;Cloud Security Engineer;Systems Engineer;Embedded systems;Linux;Systems development;Embedded systems development;Sql server;Sql server 2012;Mysql;Oracle;Sql;Android studio;C#;C++;Node.js;Python;Cisco;Networking;Tcp/ip;Android;Java;Tcp;AWS;Javascript;NET;Nodejs;Angular;Jquery;Node;React;Angularjs;PHP:::Full-Stack Engineer/ Database Administrator Full-Stack Engineer/<span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Systems and DevOps Administrator - Full Stack Developer Everett, WA Experienced engineer with over a decade of experience from DevOps to Applications Engineer positions.    Contact  PHONE:  346-232-7219    EMAIL:  Garrett.Leonard79@gmail.com Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Full-Stack Engineer/ Database Administrator Linux Training and Services 2017 to Present Mac OSX  Windows XP/7/8/8.1/10  PostGRE SQL  SQLite  Oracle 12g  AWS  Azure  PL/SQL  T-SQL  SQL  User Interface  Design and develop video games for Android, iOS, Windows, Linux, and Mac OSX  Design and develop applications for production use    Control centralized project assets, ReactJS, and RESTful APIs.    Manage projects from start to finish.    Worked on an Augmented Reality Application for educating children with animal identification and danger recognition.    Worked on applications for use with purchasing products, services, scheduling services, identifying inventory, VOIP radio communication, and stock management and ordering management.    Created applications for systems administration for networking and firewall appliances.    Created mobile applications for use by K-12 students for history, math, English as a Second Language, and Science education.    Created applications to be used as roadmaps for end users to use and navigate computer systems.  Virtual Reality  Augmented Reality  C#  ASP.NET  Java  HTML5  CSS3  XSL Systems Engineer/DevOps Engineer Leonard IT Consultation and Services 2009 to Present Work on full-spectrum IT solutions from Amazon AWS to Azure solutions, with strong emphasis on Linux and Windows Server Operating Systems and Software. Cloud Security Engineer Allyis Inc 2016 to 2017 Provide services and support related to Microsoft Azure and other cloud technologies with an emphasis towards security software and programs and monitoring and logging tools. Systems Engineer Compucom 2015 to 2016 Work on Microsoft 7, 8.1 and 10 systems, light Mac and Linux  Support CRM, Outlook, Skype, light Active Directory, use of Software Center, SCCM, Box, Druva, Basic client end network troubleshooting, firmware and software updates. Footprints, Service Manager, troubleshoot hardware issues,    Supported Mac, Linux, and Windows. Supported mobile android and apple devices. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science in Computer Science Western Governors University 2016 to Present Associates in Technical Arts in Computer Information Systems Everett Community College 2009 to 2015 Skills Embedded systems, Linux, Systems development, Embedded systems development, Sql server, Sql server 2012, Mysql, Oracle, Sql, Android studio, C#, C++, Node.js, Python, Cisco, Networking, Tcp/ip, Android, Java, Tcp, AWS, Javascript, NET, Nodejs, Angular, Jquery, Node, React, Angularjs, PHP Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+ CompTIA Network+ CompTIA Security+ CIW Web Design Specialist CIW User Interface Design Assessments Technical Support — Expert August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/udjyyknwxbyz2e-d Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information SKILLS  Windows 10 Server 2008  Server 2012R2 Server 2016  Windows XP Windows 7  Linux Office 365  GSUITE Azure  Customer Service Cisco Networking Equipment  TCP/IP NAT  BASH PowerShell  Python C#  C++ Java  Android Studio Unity Game Engine  MongoDB SQL Server 2012/2014  SQL Server 2016 Oracle DB  MySQL ScyllaDB  React.JS React.Native  Node.JS BASH  Cisco Dell Hardware  HP Hardware Lenovo Hardware  Embedded Systems Development Linux Kernel Modification  VR AR  Unity Game Engine Unreal Game Engine
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1356.html#398:::Database Administrator/Analyst;Applications Engineer;SSRS Developer;Database Developer;SSRS/SSIS Report Developer;SQL Server Developer;MS SQL Server Developer;MS ACCESS;MS SQL SERVER;MS SQL SERVER 2000;SQL SERVER;SQL SERVER 2000:::Database Administrator/Analyst <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span>/Analyst Database Administrator/Analyst - Berkley Medical Management Solutions Having 9+ years of IT experience in Analysis, Database Design, Development, Implementation, Debugging and Testing of software applications.  • Excellent T-SQL development skills to write complex queries involving multiple tables, great ability to develop SQL Objects and maintain Stored Procedures and User defined functions  • Expertise in building script using T-SQL (DDL and DML)  • Experience in debugging and optimizing Views, Functions, T- SQL queries, stored procedures and triggers  • Expert in developing Data Definition Language (DDL) and Data Manipulation Language (DML)  • Experience in Performance Tuning, Query Optimization, Client/Server Connectivity  • Created sub queries, Created Clustered and Non-Clustered indexes on Tables  • Good knowledge of normalization/de-normalization of database tables and building referential integrity for the Relational Database Management System (RDBMS)  • Experience in creating packages, Jobs, Sending Alerts using SQL Mail  • Experience involved in using tools like SQL profiler for Monitoring and Tuning MS SQL Server  • Experienced in Performance Tuning, Query Optimization, Client/Server Connectivity, and Database Consistency Checks using DBCC Utilities  • Successfully implemented Log Shipping Technique to maintain a standby server backup for Disaster Recovery  • Experience in using SSIS for data extraction, transformation and loading  • Good understanding of developing Star Schema, Snow flake Schema and Dimensional Data modeling using MS SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) on a Data Warehouse  • Create/Edit/Maintain ETL processes utilizing Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) from a diversity of data sources including other servers, flat files, MS Access and Excel  • Experience in enhancing and deploying the SSIS Packages from development server to production server  • Hand-on working experience in creating SQL Server Reports using SSRS  • Hands-on working experience in Installing, configuring, upgrading and managing SQL Server 2008/2005/2000 and required Service Packs  • Experience in supporting production Databases, monitoring, troubleshooting and documenting root cause analysis  • Experienced in handling Service Level Agreements (SLA's) as well as Operational Level Agreements (OLA's)  • A well-organized, goal-oriented, highly motivated effective team member with excellent troubleshooting, and problem-solving skills  • Excellent communication skills, analytical skills, understand business requirements in various domains  • Worked with Big Data and used HDFS was data storage purposes. While working as a Report Developer, used Hadoop extensively as a data source. Though most of data manipulation work was done with MS SQL Server or PostgreSQL, I did have to work with Big Data as the ultimate data source.  • Strong knowledge of how the Hadoop stack works in hand for ETL processes. Work Experience Database Administrator/Analyst Berkley Medical Management Solutions - Overland Park, KS April 2018 to Present Berkley Medical Management Solutions provides a different kind of managed-care service for Berkley. Too often, vended managed-care services focus on billable services instead of getting injured or ill employees back to work quickly with the best possible outcomes. We started by reimagining the relationship between medical need and technology as a way to deliver the best outcomes. The goal was clear: combine solid clinical practices, proven return-to-work strategies and robust software into one system for seamless management of workers' compensation cases.    Responsibilities:  • Table creation with Keys, Clustered and Non-Clustered Indexes on tables, views, and columns.  • Responsible for Stored Procedures optimization, Performance tuning & index tuning.  • Provided problem solving techniques for performance issues and data fine tuning.  • Reviewed stored procedures developed by the developers and given recommendations for the code modifications for production.  • Worked with Team Foundation Server for source control and code repository. Used TFS projects to push code across, Development, Test, Stage and Production environments.  • Automated process using SSIS jobs and SQL Agent Jobs.  • Data manipulation through conversion, calculation, aggregation, etc.  • Wrote data to flat files, database tables, XML & other destinations.  • Scripted using T-SQL for DML operations, used temp tables.  • Created & modified tables and table indexes.  • Required to communicate effectively to clarify/define requirements to developers and business.    Environment: SQL Server 2016, SQL Server Reporting Service, SQL Server Management Studio 2016, Visual Studio 2015, Team Foundation Server, DBA support responsibilities, Production environment support. Applications Engineer KGPCo - Gardner, KS February 2017 to February 2018 PCO is the country's largest communications product distribution and service solution provider in the telecommunications industry. A Tier 1 woman-owned diversity business, KGPCo is the only large-scale organization that combines a comprehensive suite of communication network management, engineering, and implementation services with a national logistics network and portfolio of manufacturer partnerships    Responsibilities:  • Created & modified SSRS reports including parameters, table, matrix, charts, SQL expressions in the reports.  • Created & modified SSIS packages for ETL processes to reading data from flat files, database tables, XML & other sources.  • Configured and deployed SSIS Packages across development to test and production environments.  • Automated process using SSIS jobs and SQL Agent Jobs.  • Data manipulation through conversion, calculation, aggregation, etc.  • Wrote data to flat files, database tables, XML & other destinations.  • Scripted using T-SQL for DML operations, used temp tables.  • Created & modified tables and table indexes.  • Required to communicate effectively to clarify/define requirements to developers and business.  • Used Atlassian product JIRA to receive requests and view issues with reports, packages or business rules.  • Worked with a team of application developers and business analysts to document processes and procedures.  • Required to work through the life cycle of a request from beginning to end without direct supervision.    Environment: MS SQL Server, Oracle, SQL Server Reporting Services, SQL Server Integration Services (SSRS/SSIS) 2008 R2, MS Excel, JIRA, High availability environment, DBA support responsibilities. SSRS Developer Waddell and Reed - Shawnee Mission, KS April 2016 to December 2016 Waddell & Reed Financial, Inc. is an American asset management and financial planning company founded in 1937. It operates asset management and distribution subsidiaries, including Ivy Investment Management Company and Waddell & Reed Investment Management Company.    Responsibilities:  • Provided problem solving techniques for performance issues and data fine tuning.  • Worked with HP Application Lifecycle Management (HP ALM) for issues with existing reports and task allocation.  • Focused on modifying existing reports for changes in business rules.  • Worked closely with Business team and end users to translate reporting requirements into feasible end products.  • Worked with PostgreSQL DMBS as a data source for reporting purposes.  • Used SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) for all reporting purposes, creation of new and modification of existing reports.  • Worked with Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS) for data storage purposes.    Environment: SQL Server Reporting Service (SSRS), PostgreSQL, Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS), HP Application Lifecycle Management (HP ALM), MS Excel Database Developer USDA, Risk Management Agency - Kansas City, MO January 2015 to February 2016 Risk Management Agency is within the U.S. Department of Agriculture and provides risk and insurance coverages dealing with both insurance providers and the final end users. It maintains several internal and external applications.    Responsibilities:  • Table creation with Keys, Clustered and Non-Clustered Indexes on tables, views, and columns.  • Responsible for Stored Procedures optimization, Performance tuning & index tuning.  • Provided problem solving techniques for performance issues and data fine tuning.  • Reviewed stored procedures developed by the developers and given recommendations for the code modifications for production.  • Worked with Team Foundation Server for source control, working with CRs (change requests) and DRs (Deployment Requests).  • Worked with the largest DB maintained for the agency.  • Made changes and fixes that affect both databases and applications (both internal and external).  • Participated in Daily Scrum meetings for general updates and bi-weekly scrum meetings for a specific new project.  • Creation of required data structures, stored procedures and SQL Agent Jobs for new projects  • Attended mandatory government procedures and safety standards training for IT division  • Worked on POCs (Proof Of Concepts) for Data Virtualization with DENODO and CISCO.  • Worked in the Operations and Maintenance team on quick fixes.    Environment: SQL Server 2012, SQL Server Reporting Service, SQL Server Integration Services, SQL Server Management Studio, Visual Studio 2013, TFS, MS Excel, DENODO Data Virtualization software, CISCO CIS software, DBA support responsibilities, Production environment support, on High availability. SSRS/SSIS Report Developer Pfizer Pharmaceutical - Exton, PA February 2013 to January 2015 Pfizer is the world's largest research-based biomedical and pharmaceutical company. Pfizer also continues to be one of the world's largest animal health businesses. They're focused on disease prevention: animal vaccines and animal prescription medicines. The Project aim was to evaluate database objects and to maintain the database.    Responsibilities:  • Worked in creating Stored Procedures, Triggers, Functions, Indexes, Tables, Views for applications  • Extensive knowledge on Joins and sub-Queries to simplify complex queries involving multiple tables and also optimized the procedures and triggers to be used in production  • Developed complex T-SQL code for the application  • Transferred data from various data sources/business systems including MS Excel, MS Access, Flat Files etc. to SQL Server using SSIS Packages and using various features like Excel source, Flat file source, transformation etc. Created derived columns from the present columns for the given requirements  • Analyzed the Data quality, Data validating, Data mapping to migrate data to SQL server  • Created SSIS package to get data from different sources consolidate and merge into one single source  • Used various SSIS tasks and transformations such as Conditional Split, Derived Column, data validation checks during Staging, before loading the data into the Data warehouse  • Created various kinds of reports like Chart Reports, Pivot Reports, Master Detail Reports and Multiple Reports using SSRS  • Performed T-SQL tuning and optimization of queries for reports that took longer execution time using MS SQL Profiler, Index Tuning Wizard and SQL Query  • Setup Machines in different OS and Office combination and available them for test  • Security Management - Handling Roles, Users, Logins and granting the Rights  • Perform monitoring, daily DB maintenance & updates, debug performance issues  • Ensured that best practices are applied, and integrity of data is maintained through security and documentation    Environment: SQL Server 2008R2/2008, SQL Server Reporting Service, SQL Server Integration Services, SQL Server Management Studio, Visual Studio 2010, TFS, Enterprise Manager, MS Excel, Win 2k7 32/64, Win 2k8 32/64 SQL Server Developer Department of Health and Human Resource - Lewisburg, WV January 2012 to January 2013 Responsibilities:  • Experience in writing T-SQL scripts, dynamic SQL, complex stored procedures, functions, triggers, SQLCMD, and SMO  • Configured data partitioning/table partitioning on large tables containing millions of rows in Data ware house databases for better performance and performed Data Compression on large tables to reduce the Database size  • Setting up and monitored Disaster recovery environments like Database mirroring with in the primary Data center servers and Log Shipping between primary and secondary Data center servers including Mirroring conjunction with Log Shipping  • Configured and deployed SSIS Packages from Development to Production Environments  • Created, deployed and managed reports using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)  • Automated manual processes by creating SQL scripts, tables, indexes, views, and constraints  • Monitoring of database size, disk space in all (Production, Model & Development) the environments  • Set priorities on tasks that are available on my plate and perform as per their priority  • Involved in testing, bug fixing and documentation for the project  • Trouble shoot any application, network and security related problems, investigate and report my finding with possible solution and/or recommendation  • Discuss issues with program managers, developers and test leads so that we can come up with the solution    Environment: SQL Server 2012/2008R2/2008, SQL Server Reporting Service, SQL Server Integration Services, SQL Server Management Studio, Visual Studio 2010, TFS, Win 2k8 64 Bit Win 2k3, Win Server 2008 R2 MS SQL Server Developer Idea Solutions - IN October 2009 to December 2011 Responsibilities:  • Created Clustered and Non Clustered Indexes on tables, views, and columns  • Responsible for Stored Procedures optimization, Performance tuning & index tuning.  • Reviewed stored procedures developed by the developers and given recommendations for the code modifications for production  • Performed the task of taking the backups and scheduling it according to the environment and recovery.  • Expert in Configuring, Managing and optimizing transactional replication  • Implemented, monitored and configured Database mirroring  • Configured and deployed SSIS Packages from Test to Production Environments.  • Created, deployed and managed reports using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)  • Developed and deployed OLAP cubes for reporting purpose using SSAS.  • Deployed database objects from development/testing environment to production environment.  • Configured IIS and Report server using Reporting services configuration.  • Monitoring the system bottlenecks - CPU, RAM, Disk IO and Networking using performance counters  • Used SQL profiler, Query analyzer System monitor, event log viewer,  • Monitor and tune the performance of SQL server and scheduled jobs, created alerts, notifications with SQL agent  • Worked with Application Developers and Business Analysts to produce all required documentation  • Experience in Importing/migrating data from different data sources using SQL server integration services (SSIS)  • Experience developed and generating reports using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)    Languages/Technologies/Tools: C#.Net, ASPOSE Cells, SQL Server 2005, SQL Server Reporting Service, SQL Server Integration Services, SQL Server Management Studio, Windows NT/ Windows 95 Skills MS ACCESS, MS SQL SERVER, MS SQL SERVER 2000, SQL SERVER, SQL SERVER 2000
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1357.html#399:::Oracle Database & Banner (ERP) Administrator;Oracle DBA;Sr. Financial Analyst;Sr. Financial Analyst;Sr. Cost Accountant;Aix (Less than 1 year);databases (5 years);Employee resource group (Less than 1 year);Enterprise resource planning (Less than 1 year);Erp (Less than 1 year);Hp-ux (Less than 1 year);Linux (Less than 1 year);Ms sql server (Less than 1 year);Oracle (5 years);Pl/sql (4 years);Red hat (Less than 1 year);Solaris (Less than 1 year);Sql (5 years);Sql server (Less than 1 year);Sun (Less than 1 year);Unix (4 years);Ux (Less than 1 year);Oracle Dba:::Oracle Database & Banner (ERP) Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> &amp; Banner (ERP) <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database & Banner (ERP) Administrator - HARPER COLLEGE Aurora, IL Work Experience Oracle Database & Banner (ERP) Administrator HARPER COLLEGE - Palatine, IL October 2018 to April 2019 • Installed new Oracle database 12cR2 for Banner application.  • Upgrade Banner application from release 8 to release 9  • Deployed Banner application on Weblogic Server  • Applied quarterly security patches in PROD and TEST databases  • Diligently worked on Incident tickets to SLA conditions defined by the management.  • Performed database cloning using RMAN  • ensure service related issues like monitoring backups, storage management are identified and resolved within established SLAs  • Quickly response to the database alerts and escalations and work with related teams to come up with a strategic solution.    LEWIS UNIVERSITY, Romeoville, IL 09-2015to05-2018Oracle Database & Banner (ERP) Administrator  • Responsible for Installation of new Oracle databases for Banner application.  • Applied critical upgrade patches to Oracle databases.  • Applied Banner upgrade patches using ESM ( like FinAid, Student, AR modules etc)  • Responsible for taking nightly scheduled backups using RMAN  • Weblogic application server administrator  • Administrator for Tamcat and Jenkins  • Managed Oracle and MS Sql Server Databases in PROD and TEST environment 24/7  • Frequently used Data Pump for schema export.  • Installed new Microsoft Sql Server database for Starrez Housing Application  • Administer for scheduling nightly jobs in Automic job scheduler  • Compiling Oracle forms, C, and COBOL programs.  • Monitor Database performance using AWR report  • Creating new tables, managing disk space. Oracle DBA IBM - Dubuque, IA January 2011 to August 2015 • Manage setup, configuration and troubleshoot RAC. Configure ASM disk groups in RAC environment.  • Upgraded databases from Oracle 8i, 9i to 10g, Oracle 10g to 11g.  • Provide configuration and administration of Data Guard (Physical/Logical standby Databases)  • Proficient in performance tuning using Explain Plan, STATSPACK, TKPROF, AWR, ADDM. Performance Tuning of the database (Memory Tuning, I/O Tuning)  • Uses Data Pump, Export/Import, SQL*Loader, OEM Grid Control, RMAN.  • Write SQL, PL/SQL programs, Shell Scripting  • Translates business requirements into creation of database objects: tables, indexes, constraints, packages, Triggers, stored procedures and functions using Oracle tools. Management of schemas, objects and partitioning the tables and indexes.  • Performed automating routine backup and monitoring tasks using Cron tab, UNIX shell scripting, RMAN scripts.  • Perform backup and recovery using Oracle 10g's user managed backup, using RMAN (cold backup/hot backup procedures).  • Create, configure, and utilize Recovery Manager Catalog.  • Adept in Database Maintenance. Database Monitoring and the use of advanced tools like Automatic Workload Repository (AWR), and Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor (ADDM), Active Session History (ASH) and well acquainted with Automatic Segment Space Management (ASSM), and automatically shared memory management (ASMM). Sr. Financial Analyst ATLANTIC PLANT SERVICES - Joliet, IL 2008 to 2010 Sr. Financial Analyst MARIETTA CORPORATION - Chicago, IL 2008 to 2009 Sr. Cost Accountant CHICAGO GRANITE & MARBLE INC - Naperville, IL 2006 to 2007 Education MBA in Finance The International University of Missouri 1995 Bachelor of Commerce in Commerce University of Karachi 1989 Skills Aix (Less than 1 year), databases (5 years), Employee resource group (Less than 1 year), Enterprise resource planning (Less than 1 year), Erp (Less than 1 year), Hp-ux (Less than 1 year), Linux (Less than 1 year), Ms sql server (Less than 1 year), Oracle (5 years), Pl/sql (4 years), Red hat (Less than 1 year), Solaris (Less than 1 year), Sql (5 years), Sql server (Less than 1 year), Sun (Less than 1 year), Unix (4 years), Ux (Less than 1 year), Oracle Dba Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Databases Oracle and MS SQL Server  Languages SQL, PL/SQL,  Tools Oracle Enterprise Manager, Sql Developer  Operating Systems UNIX (Sun Solaris), HP-UX, AIX, Red Hat Linux Windows 2008r2  ERP Banner 8 Application (Ellucian)
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1358.html#400:::Executive Database Administrator;Executive Assistant;Administrative Assistant;Administrative Assistant;Administrative Assistant;Data Entry;Event Planning;Marketing;Office Management;Outlook;Word;Organizational Skills;Scheduling;Microsoft Office;Receptionist;Filing:::Executive Database Administrator Executive <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Executive Database Administrator New York, NY Work Experience Executive Database Administrator American Express/We-Work - New York, NY January 2019 to June 2019 Transferred data from paper formats into computer files or database systems using keyboards, data recorders or optical scanner  ? Sorted and organize paperwork after entering data to ensure it is not lost  ? Processed customer and account source documents by reviewing data for deficiencies; resolving discrepancies by using standard procedures or returning incomplete documents to the team leader for resolution  ? Corrected errors and organizing the information in a manner that will optimize swift and accurate capturing  ? Created and managed spreadsheets with large numbers of figures  ? Achieved data entry operational objectives by contributing information and recommendations to strategic plans and reviews Executive Assistant The Boys & Girls Club - New York, NY October 2017 to December 2018 Liaised with executive and senior administrative assistants to handle requests and queries from senior managers  ? Acted as the point of contact for internal and external clients  ? Organized and schedule appointments for executive director  ? Wrote and distribute email, correspondence memos, letters, faxes and forms  ? Ordered office supplies and research new deals and suppliers  ? Assisted in the preparation of regularly scheduled reports Administrative Assistant Cresa New York, LLC - New York, NY January 2016 to October 2017 Under immediate direction and under work guidance of administrative staff, assisted and supported  divisions in development of business projects (areas of specific interest include business  communications, analytics, and general business)  ? Utilized Microsoft Office products; prepared spreadsheets with data interpretation; performed related duties in support of project efforts (e.g. design, monitoring, data extraction, research and reporting)  ? Provided support with project meetings (scheduled project meetings,  assisted with project documentation, documented meeting minutes, and project action/task items) Administrative Assistant Tablet Inc - New York, NY December 2014 to October 2015 Provided the highest level of customer service and professionalism ensuring continued support of exceptional travel and value added services.  ? Maintained current commercial and contractual knowledge of the marketplace and methods adopted by peer groups / other industries to ensure that best practices are continually developed, shared and utilized within the travel team  ? Recommend to clients efficient and alternate routes, lowest available fares, booking class, exchange rates and travel products/services Administrative Assistant The YMCA Retirement Fund - New York, NY November 2013 to October 2014 Provided administrative support to ensure that municipal operations are maintained in an effective, up to date and accurate manner  ? Sorted and distributed all incoming mail to areas and staff within the organization and dispatch outgoing mail  ? Provided maintenance and cleaning services as requested as well as performing any additional office duties as instructed and assigned  ? Assisted Office Manager in developing and instituting methods for quality control and accuracy in membership, conference, and other databases Education Business Management SUNY Empire State University - New York, NY 2019 Skills Data Entry, Event Planning, Marketing, Office Management, Outlook, Word, Organizational Skills, Scheduling, Microsoft Office, Receptionist, Filing
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1359.html#401:::Data Developer/Power BI Admin;Data Analyst/Business Analyst/Tableau Developer;Database Administrator/Data Analyst;IT/ Database Administrator;IT Administrator (Intern);SSIS (7 years);MICROSOFT SSRS (5 years);Python (4 years);SQL (8 years);JIRA (5 years);Confluence (4 years);MDX (4 years);TFS (4 years);Tableau (5 years);Tableau server (5 years);Excel;Business Intelligence;Microsoft Office;MS Office;Powerpoint;Visio;HTML;SAP;Informatica (5 years);Microsoft Azure (4 years);Microsoft Azure (4 years);Power BI (3 years);JIRA (3 years);GitHub (4 years);Redgate (5 years);C# (3 years);Powershell (3 years);APIs (4 years);Data Mining (6 years);MS Azure (4 years):::Data Developer/Power BI Admin Data Developer/Power BI Admin Data Developer Austin, TX Seeking a position where I can leverage my potentials and skill set in big data analysis. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Data Developer/Power BI Admin Parsley Energy - Austin, TX August 2017 to Present • Providing ad-hoc reports and solutions to the business based on the business user request involving data of various type, schema, and size.  • Involved in modernizing our current data integration model for detailed troubleshooting during daily agent job load failure/downtime.  • Optimizing our current data warehouse infrastructure to accommodate new business user demands and requests.  • Implementations of modern tools and software for a swift response to business user request and also establishing an efficient adoption and transition process, an example was the implementation of Enerhub (a Master Data Management tool from Stone Bridge late last year) to help bridge the gap between the data custodian and the data Steward, thereby fostering accountability between both parties within the organisation.  • Automate pre-existing manual processes with data related solutions leveraging scripting languages, precisely Power Shell and C#, to free up bandwidth resources for the business.  • Managed and supervised data migration processes from various EDM software across systems and consolidated this data in the data warehouse, was also involved in software upgrade processes.  • Implementation of Power BI, Snowflake Data warehouse, JAMS Scheduler and Informatica Cloud Enterprise solution software to help modernize our preexisting data architecture infrastructure.  • Implemented and scheduled Salesforce data synchronization packages with Informatica Integration tool leveraging API connectors and JAMS scheduler.  • Implemented incremental Integration job load with Informatica Cloud Enterprise service, cutting down Scheduled jobs load time by 75% from previous full Load Integration with SSIS.  • Participated in standing up JAMS scheduler and migrating the bulk of our SQL agent jobs to JAMS.  • Set up our company's Power BI gateway cluster for both Test and Production servers, created and segmented various AD groups based on permission, access, and database.  • Optimized our current Cube processing load time by implementing a dynamic cube partition (based on Months) for SSAS, reducing downtime by cutting the prior processing time from 2hrs to 35min  • Implemented Tabular data model (which uses columnar storage for compression) for our SSAS server Instance for optimized reporting.  • I was part of the MS Azure data warehouse evaluating and implementation team, shifting from snowflakes data-warehouse based on my experience in connecting to the cloud ecosystem for reporting.  • Implemented Replication ODS load for our company EDM database architecture moving from the typical Batch ODS which eventually entirely eliminating downtime related to the ODS layer integration jobs.  • Created stored procedures and triggers based on business needs to help facilitate their data delivery process.  • Created calculated fields in SSAS cube using MDX language and in Power BI using DAX (when we eventually went tabular) based on business user requirement and leveraging the CRISP-DM methodology for data mining.  • Partook in SOX training to be able to liaise with Auditors, to ensure at any given point in time our company procedures are compliant with industry standards and regulation.  • I have been able to successfully troubleshoot concurrent job failures within stringent time-frames and tensed environment while making amends moving forward, in order to be more proactive as opposed to reactive (the RODS implementation mentioned earlier is an example that completely eliminated job failures related to batch load). Data Analyst/Business Analyst/Tableau Developer Schlumberger PLC - Houston, TX February 2015 to July 2017 Gathered user requirements, analyzed and designed software solution based on the user requests.  • Access and transform massive data sets through filtering, grouping, aggregation, and statistical calculation.  • Involved in creating database objects like tables, views, procedures, triggers, and functions to define structure and to maintain data efficiently.  • Used R, SAS, and SQL to manually clean up and organize data before subsequently importing it to the tableau data source page.   • Created automated project and packages in SSIS to combine and transform complex data from multiple sources into powerful models for subsequent analysis and visualization.  • Created interactive filters, parameters and calculated sets for preparing dashboards and worksheets in Tableau.  • Displayed strong understanding of advanced Tableau features including calculated fields, parameters, table calculations, LOD expression, R integration, joins, data blending, and dashboard actions.  • Developed optimized interactive dashboards and story plots using Tableau Desktop with over thirty work sheets for both technical and non-technical consumption.  • Expand Tableau calculation capability by integrating R and Tabpy for Python.  • Developed Tableau workbooks by consolidating data from numerous data sources including Teradata, Oracle, MS Access, SAP etc.  • Created Drill-down and Sub-Report using SSRS and also observed the performance of the reports.  • Created Bump Charts, Control Charts, and Funnel Charts to help access and simplify the inner mechanism of many R/D in oil and Gas projects.  • Used Pareto chart in conjunction with the 80-20 rule in locating and forecasting what products are leading to most sales concerning their location within the company.  • Used KPI (Key Performance Indicators) to help measure progress when accessing various objective key results within the organization.  • Installation and configuration of Tableau server keeping in mind performance trade-off and considering cluster configuration, load balancers, proxy servers, etc. Database Administrator/Data Analyst United Bank of Africa July 2014 to February 2015 • Provide Row and column level security.  • Break complex queries into simple custom inline Table functions, User defined Tables, Parameterized views or Materialized views (in Oracle), stored procedures and transaction while also limiting the access and interference using versioning, tools, Schemabinding and Encryption.  • Create Optimized Ad-hoc queries using Hints to leverage the best execution plan.  • Use profiler tracing and tuning advisor to improve SQL server performance.  • Use SQL auditing feature and other methods like DML triggers and DDL triggers to perform auditing in capturing real time events.  • Create triggers for consistency and correspondence in input and output transaction. Also implementing the best Isolation plan for each individual transaction.  • Troubleshoot a server instance or database in the case of poor or slow performance.  • Resolve Transaction concurrency issues using the best necessary isolation strategy.  • Resolve Deadlock issues in concurrent transactions by assigning a deadlock victim and rolling back the affected transaction for consistency and discerning when to take an atomic approach and kill a session without losing any database resource.  • Implement most of the high availability solutions including the most recent Always On technique during the design and development phase of a database architecture.  • Using MS database engine tuning advisor to implement recommendations on the execution plan of target queries for database optimization.  • Set-up and configure a DMW (Data Management Warehouse) to create SSIS packages, Jobs, Schedules that collect performance planning and capacity data. IT/ Database Administrator Tano Agency and Shipping Co Ltd Nig February 2014 to July 2014 Developed Tableau visualizations and dashboards using Tableau Desktop.  ? Built, published and customized interactive reports and dashboards, report scheduling using Tableau server.  ? Generated reports from the database using PL/SQL and SQL.  ? Integrating IT solutions to improve tracking of containers and updating clients of their shipment  ? Created profiles to restrict access to the database and carried out regular tuning, backup, and maintenance task.  ? Created and implemented database to store staff records and transactions with clients.  ? Developed GUIs for staffs to access database and develop report. IT Administrator (Intern) Nosak Distilleries Ltd Nig July 2012 to December 2012 Worked with team of developers and designed, developed and implement a BI solution for Sales, Product, and Customer KPIs.  ? Resolved SQL and multi-threaded server tuning issues.  ? Generation and tabulation of reports using Ms Excel, Ms Access and SQL queries.  ? Word processing of proposals, letter headed memos and invoice using Microsoft office suites  ? Maintenance of computer hardware, software, and servers.  ? Analysed feedback from clients using survey data to generate charts and identified opportunities for improvement and growth. Education B.Eng. in Mechanical Engineering University of Benin March 2014 Skills SSIS (7 years), MICROSOFT SSRS (5 years), Python (4 years), SQL (8 years), JIRA (5 years), Confluence (4 years), MDX (4 years), TFS (4 years), Tableau (5 years), Tableau server (5 years), Excel, Business Intelligence, Microsoft Office, MS Office, Powerpoint, Visio, HTML, SAP, Informatica (5 years), Microsoft Azure (4 years), Microsoft Azure (4 years), Power BI (3 years), JIRA (3 years), GitHub (4 years), Redgate (5 years), C# (3 years), Powershell (3 years), APIs (4 years), Data Mining (6 years), MS Azure (4 years) Links https://public.tableau.com/profile/tanaruno.ajiri.dennis#!/ https://www.youracclaim.com/badges/93018611-bc9e-47e5-b04e-a624a1f7406a Certifications/Licenses Tableau 10 desktop qualified associate March 2017 to Present Microsoft SQL server Certified Associate 2014 to Present Python Certificate of Completion from Datacamp July 2017 to Present R Programming Certificate of Completion from Datacamp July 2017 Power BI Administrator Present Informatica cloud IICS 101 & 201 course certificates Present Power BI Developer certificate from Microsoft Gold Partner November 2018 to Present Additional Information COMPUTER SKILLS  Microsoft Cloud, Microsoft SharePoint, Microsoft SQL Server, MS SQL Azure, SAS, MDX, DAX,JIRA, Confluence, TFS,  R (ggmaps, mvoutlier etc.), Python (Numpy, pandas, matplotlib), Hadoop  SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS)  SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS)  SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)  IBM Cognos Analytics  Transact-SQL (T-SQL)  SAP Hana  MS Excel, Macros in VBA  Data Warehousing  Data mining  ANSI SQL, MySQL, PL/SQL  XMLA and JSON  JavaScript, Power-Shell, C#   MEMBERSHIP  Stackoverflow.com  BorntoLearn.mslearn.net  Microsoftvirtualacademy.com  Github.com  Lynda.com  Stackexchange.com  Quora.com  Datacamp.com  Hackerrank.com
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\136.html#402:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator intern;Linux, Windows, Oracle Database Administration and maintenance (3 years):::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator Hyattsville, MD Oracle Database Administrator responsbile for installing,administering,updating, and maintaining oracle databases Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator WSSC - Laurel, MD August 2014 to Present Responsibilities  - Participate as an active member of the operational support team to monitor, report, troubleshoot, escalate and resolve technical issues with Oracle databases and associated systems  - Manage Oracle 2 node RAC on Linux using srvctl and crsctl commands  - Execute SQL queries against Oracle databases  - Transferring, cleaning and validating client data  - Handle tickets assigned as regards database related issues  - Provide help desk services to resolve users account issues  - Documenting processes, standards and methodologies for working with client data and systems Oracle Database Administrator intern DC Water - Washington, DC June 2013 to August 2014 Responsibilities  - Assisted in database upgrade from 10g to 11g and 11g using DBUA.  - Assisted in Installation and Management of Oracle using Grid 11g and database control by installing the software and agent, this I used to manage multiple databases.  - Assisted in Installation and application of several oracle critical patches to various database versions looked for critical path for the OS and also had to check the location of my O-Patch.  - Monitored, optimized and allocated physical data storage for database systems  - Implemented the use of Oracle Recovery Manager (RMAN) to back up databases.  - Performed import and export as needed on each database.  - Assisted in Performing various daily RMAN backups and recovery for numerous oracle 10g and 11g     Accomplishments  - Installed and configured Physical Standby on Windows and Linux environment.  -Troubleshoot and resolved various oracle problems such as connectivity problems, back up and performance issues  - Provided Oracle network troubleshooting, technical and administrative duties  - Created and managed documentation on the configuration and support of the oracle Education Oracle Database Administrator in Oracle Boltos Solution Institute - Laurel, MD 2012 to 2013 Bachelors in Environmental Engineering The Catholic University of America - Washington, DC 2009 to 2013 Skills Linux, Windows, Oracle Database Administration and maintenance (3 years) Certifications/Licenses Oracle Certified Associate August 2014 to Present Oracle 11g Certified Associate for Admin I Oracle Database 11g SQL July 2014 to Present Oracle SQL certification Oracle Certified Professional November 2015 to Present Oracle11g Certified Professional Certificate for Admin II Additional Information . Team-Player with excellent communication skills  • Great hand skills and quick learner  • Flexible, reliable and dependable hard-worker  • Motivated self-starter with a strong desire to learn  • Professional appearance, attitude and demeanor
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1360.html#403:::Rural Carrier Associate;Marketing Coordinator;Social Media & Communications Specialist;Marketing Assistant & Database Administrator;Account Executive;Website Management (7 years);Social Media Marketing (7 years);Adobe Illustrator;Adobe Photoshop;Adobe InDesign;IT Help Desk / Troubleshooting (4 years);Graphic Design (5 years);Public Relations;SEO;Indesign;Google Analytics;Marketing Strategy;Wordpress;Event Planning;search engine optimization;Advertising;Digital Marketing;Salesforce;MS Office;Customer Service:::Rural Carrier Associate Rural Carrier Associate Marketing Coordinator - Search Masters Richfield, OH Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Rural Carrier Associate USPS 2019 to Present Marketing Coordinator Search Masters - Independence, OH 2014 to Present - Addressed all IT concerns and coordinated with third party IT firm to resolve escalated issues  - Updated job postings on website and third party social media websites  - Handled all phone and internet issues including billing disputes  - Sent out marketing mailers for 11-13 employees daily through ConstantContact  - Handled incoming marketing responses, including opt-outs  - Printed out and assigned resumes for job applications for all Search Masters recruiters  - Coordinated with advertising companies regarding ad copy and media for online campaigns  - Editing of WordPress based website Social Media & Communications Specialist Better Business Bureau Serving Greater Cleveland - Cleveland, OH 2011 to 2014 - Built and maintained online social media presence on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Pinterest, and Google+.  - Increased following on Facebook 380% the first year without use of paid ads.  - Responsible for layout of bimonthly newsletter, "The Market Monitor."  - Coordination and presentation of BBB TeenSmart Financial Literacy Presentations at area High Schools  - Created graphics for use in newsletter, pamphlets, and for BBB trade show art.  - Website maintenance of cleveland.bbb.org.  - Switched local organization e-mail from MS Outlook to Google Apps for Businesses Marketing Assistant & Database Administrator Search Masters - Independence, OH 2011 to 2011 Entered new leads into database system. Account Executive Post Up Stand - Maple Heights, OH 2009 to 2010 Available Skills  - Processed sales orders & invoices.  - Handled customers credit transactions as well as phone calls. Microsoft Office  - Created shipping labels/ensured customer's orders arrived on time. Adobe Creative Cloud  • InDesign Education Bachelors in Business Administration in Marketing Management University of Akron Study Abroad University of Ulsan Associate of Science Cuyahoga Community College Skills Website Management (7 years), Social Media Marketing (7 years), Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign, IT Help Desk / Troubleshooting (4 years), Graphic Design (5 years), Public Relations, SEO, Indesign, Google Analytics, Marketing Strategy, Wordpress, Event Planning, search engine optimization, Advertising, Digital Marketing, Salesforce, MS Office, Customer Service Links http://LinkedIn.com/In/SaraLouiseJennings
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1361.html#404:::Computer vision project assistant;Airline IT Support;IT Support Assistant;Database Administrator;Connecticut, USA-Programmer Analyst;Client Service Officer(IT);Database Administrator;Api (Less than 1 year);Aws (2 years);C+ (Less than 1 year);Mysql (2 years);Sql (Less than 1 year);Desktop Support;Active Directory;Service Desk;MAC;Help Desk;Tech Support:::Computer vision project assistant Computer vision project assistant IT Research Assistant South Richmond Hill, NY Highly motivated with creative thinking & problem solving with up-to-date industry knowledge with extensive technical and service experience.Willing to learn knowledge and skills as team member. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Computer vision project assistant New York City College of Technology February 2019 to Present • Analyze and design process flow for Enhanced Face Recognition Security System.  • Use raspberry pi and pi camera to detect,capture and recognize the face  • Use tensorflow to detect object .   • Apply python programming to load and compare image with the existing image in the database.   • Install and configure Opencv in terminal for classify face  • Use motion detector to detect the motion of the face.  • Troubleshoot Rasbian Buster Operating system in SD Card(format or new installation) Airline IT Support Swissport - Jamaica January 2018 to March 2019 • Support airline software, network devices, equipment(Kiosk, Flight Information Display Systems).  • Assisted with user account creation, modification, and termination across multiple applications.  • Install, configure, and support operating system,printer,scanner.  • Track hardware and software inventory management. IT Support Assistant T.J. Maxx, Queens January 2017 to July 2018 • Provide remote technical support related to the (Point-of-Sales)software and network, store operations.  • Monitor team’s open issues from ticketing, email and resolved on a timely basis.  • Manage user accounts in Microsoft Active Directory and ensure accurate group access. Database Administrator Futterman, Sirotkin & Seinfeld, LLP - New York, NY July 2016 to December 2016 • Analyzed and applied immigration data directly into the Department of Homeland Security system database.  • Performed data entry, back-up Daily Mail Logs & Docketing Assignments for immigration case work.  • Provided first level user support for internal users via email,desk visits, and remote screen-share Connecticut, USA-Programmer Analyst Tunedoor January 2013 to September 2015 Developed website and mobile app using PHP,MYSQL and Android SDK tool for remote based music company where musician can record and upload their music through app in AWS/ Restful api. (https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tunedoorinc.tunedoor&hl=en_US) Client Service Officer(IT) HSBC Bank January 2012 to December 2014 • Configured and troubleshoot to production IT Equipment such as PC, Laptop, Printer, Scanner.  • Provides technical support to LAN communication system Database Administrator Renata pharmacy - BD May 2011 to December 2011 • Install, configure, manage SQL Database, Troubleshooting   • Assists vendor support services as well as IT team members Education Bachelor of Computer Engineering Technology in Computer Engineering Technology 1.New York City College of Technology - Brooklyn, NY 2020 Bachelor of Computer Science and Engineering in Computer Science and Engineering 2. Ahsanullah University Of Science and Technology(Bangladesh) January 2007 to May 2012 Skills Api (Less than 1 year), Aws (2 years), C+ (Less than 1 year), Mysql (2 years), Sql (Less than 1 year), Desktop Support, Active Directory, Service Desk, MAC, Help Desk, Tech Support Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/musharrat-choudhury/edit/position/1456283736/ Additional Information Technical Skills   C++,Java,Python,HTML,PHP                                                    SQL,MYSQL,Oracle                                                     AWS,REstful API,Docker,POS                                     Word,Excel,PowerPoint     Soft Skill  Critical and analytical Thinking and business analyst  Research.development and project management  Training/Leadership/team building  Technical Writing/Problem Solving                                                  
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1362.html#405:::Quality Assurance Inspector;Database Administrator/Web Designer;Intern Web Developer;Quality Assurance Inspector;Quality Assurance Inspector;Sql server;Mysql;Sql;Git;Html;Inspection;Quality Inspector;Blueprint;Quality Assurance;Quality Control;As9100;Micrometer;GD&T;Aerospace;QA:::Quality Assurance Inspector Quality Assurance Inspector Quality Assurance Inspector Elmira, NY Work Experience Quality Assurance Inspector SEPAC Incorporated September 2018 to April 2019 • Verify that piece parts and final assemblies meet the dimensional requirements defined on blueprint and customer contract.  • Tested final assemblies for operational accuracy to maintain customer requirements have been followed through the completion.  • Develop and modify report scheduling of defective or incorrectly produced items in a professional manner. Database Administrator/Web Designer Vasco Brand Inc January 2018 to May 2018 • Maintained ERP Database for price changes, Inventory Control, and Editing Calendars for incoming and outgoing shipments  • Responsible for planning and implementing Web Services such as Customer Login, company E-mail services as well as the primary point of contact for all social media requests  • Implementing prototype Web Site designs and Layouts by way of benchmarks to the company owners for a more efficient reporting process to quickly address any issue and concerns Intern Web Developer GST BOCES January 2017 to April 2017 • Developed interactive web pages using HTML/CSS and content management software along with implementing SEO for optimal keyword search.  • Created and updated databases in MySQL and Microsoft SQL in combination with Microsoft Server 2016 that were used to verify user credentials.  • Published web pages and images using Adobe Master Suite and Bootstrap 3 to ensure cross platform functionality on cellular devices, and desktop PC's. Quality Assurance Inspector Quality Assurance Receiving Department/Final Assembly - Elmira, NY August 2012 to July 2015 • Performing source inspections for conformance of assemblies, individual parts and raw material as well as finish surface products.  • Ensure Food and Drug Administration and Federal Rail Administration standards are met during the production of passenger rail cars  • Prepare Non Conformance Reports on material and assemblies that do not meet company and customer standards using Microsoft spreadsheets from Excel and PowerPoint Quality Assurance Inspector Sikorsky Hawk Works MDCC Facility - Horseheads, NY March 2009 to August 2011 • Flight Safety Inspections verifying proper alignment of blades installed on the main rotor and tail rotor to ensure proper function and safe operation  • Ensuring that the Sikorsky and FAA standards are upheld on every program within the facility  • Initiate discrepancy records and incident reports to address incorrect and damaged assemblies Education A.A.S. in Information Technology SUNY Corning Community College January 2016 to December 2017 High School Diploma Elmira Free Academy September 1995 to June 1999 Skills Sql server, Mysql, Sql, Git, Html, Inspection, Quality Inspector, Blueprint, Quality Assurance, Quality Control, As9100, Micrometer, GD&T, Aerospace, QA Links http://BrettKeough.myportfolio.com Additional Information • Effectively driving a business's needs through digital advertisement to further promote brand cohesion  • Gathering business requirements in order to create visual assets for social media outlets, E-mail Blasts as well as printable mediums  • Interpreting graphic standards to communicate a business' goal through digital media to accurately represent a business's products and services  • Develop business logos and brands that creatively convey a business story.    Skills and Abilities  Technical Skills  • Software: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Java, Java FX, PHP, ECMAScript, WordPress Git, BitBucket, JQuery, Bootstrap, Adobe Creative Suite (Acrobat, Bridge, InDesign, Illustrator, Lightroom, Muse, Photoshop) Infor ERP, Solumina ERP, BaaN ERP, Microsoft Office Suite (Access, Excel, OneNote, Outlook, PowerPoint, Word), SQL, SQL Server, MySQL, MySQL Server, VirtualBox, ColdFusion, Microsoft Server 2012/Active Directory; Terminal; Command Line Prompt  • Hardware: Desktop PC's, Laptops, Celluar Phones, Tablet, VOIP Communications, Network Printers and Scanners, Thin Clients, CAT5 Ethernet, CAT7 Ethernet  • Platforms: Solaris, Ubuntu, Linux/Unix, Windows 95, 98, 2000, ME, XP, Vista, 7, 8, 10    Communication  • Prepare technical documentation addressing customer and business requirements, and the ability to relay information through digital communication with tact while maintaining a sense of urgency.  • A strong understanding of Root Cause Analysis to correct and prevent future instances that may hinder a cost effective product to be sold.  • Communicating to the customer the status of a product and presenting the completed product to ensure requirements stated in the technical specifications have been met
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1363.html#406:::IT Manager;IT Manager & Database Developer;IT Administrator & Web master;Freelance Web Developer;Active Directory (6 years);Microsoft Office (10+ years);.NET (10+ years);C# (10+ years);MS SQL (10+ years);Crystal Report (5 years);HTML (10+ years);CSS (10+ years);Firewalls (6 years);MAC (6 years);Photoshop (10+ years);Corel Draw (4 years);Asp.Net (10+ years);Sql Server (8 years);Network Administration (10+ years);Strategic Planning (5 years);Vmware (6 years):::IT Manager IT Manager IT Manager Concord, CA Extensive C# programming, IT infrastructure and graphics/website design, installation, and management experience including: Domain configuration & implementation, Network Administration, Construction IT planning & analysis, Hospitality business IT management, MS SQL Server, Crystal Report, HTML, CSS, Linux, Windows, MAC, Corel Draw, Photoshop and Microsoft Suite Work Experience IT Manager Paradigm Hotels Group - San Francisco, CA August 2018 to Present Serving as a multi-property IT systems manager supporting multiple brands such as Virgin Hotels, IHG (Holiday Inn, Indigo), Hilton and Hyatt within the California market; both locally and remotely. Responsibilities include managing budgets, IT equipment procurement, evaluation and selection of IT vendors, auditing systems to ensure compliance, and delivering technology solutions through a collaborative or independent strategy. Creating and reviewing IT documentation to provide current information to the ownership and brand representatives. IT Manager & Database Developer Aria Target Logistic & Services - Kabul October 2011 to November 2016 Managing Active Directory 2008/2012 infrastructure. Design, implementation and support   Network management  Mentoring and training new ICT support staff;   Developing desktop applications? Modifying existing databases and database management systems IT Administrator & Web master Solidarite Afghane - Kabul, AF 2010 to 2011 • Provided technical input on project implementation to achieve targets and goals  • Supported the technical development of a web-enabled database for data collection, reporting and integration.  • Client management/resolution, problem solving and debugging skills with good verbal/written.  • Install, configure and maintain software and hardware systems. Freelance Web Developer Kabul, AF 2007 to 2009 Education Bachelor's Maiwand Institute of Higher Education - Kabul, AF March 2011 to February 2015 Skills Active Directory (6 years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), .NET (10+ years), C# (10+ years), MS SQL (10+ years), Crystal Report (5 years), HTML (10+ years), CSS (10+ years), Firewalls (6 years), MAC (6 years), Photoshop (10+ years), Corel Draw (4 years), Asp.Net (10+ years), Sql Server (8 years), Network Administration (10+ years), Strategic Planning (5 years), Vmware (6 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/waheed-burna-91283a11/ Additional Information Technical Skills  Extensive C# programming, IT infrastructure and graphics/website design, installation, and management experience including:    Domain configuration & implementation, Network administration, NET C#, ASP.NET, MS SQL Server, Crystal Report,  RDLC Report, Web Services, HTML, CSS, Access, Linux, Windows, MAC, Cyberoam Firewall, Corel Draw and Photoshop
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1364.html#407:::Oracle Database Administrator and Solutions Architect;Oracle Database Administrator;DATABASE;OLTP;ORACLE;ORACLE 10G;SQL;LINUX;SHELL SCRIPTING;SOLARIS;UNIX;UNIX SHELL;DISASTER RECOVERY;ENCRYPTION;BACKUPS;EC2;DMS;SCRIPTING;OLAP;SECURITY;CAPACITY PLANNING;PERFORMANCE TUNING:::Oracle Database Administrator and Solutions Architect Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> and Solutions Architect Oracle Database Administrator and Solutions Architect - Expedia Inc Bellevue, WA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator and Solutions Architect Expedia Inc - Bellevue, WA July 2016 to Present • Utilized IAM to maintain and configured dev, QA, and production server user accounts and create roles for EC2, RDS, S3, CloudWatch, and EBS resource communication  • Extensively used DMS and AWS to migrate and configure databases and applications from physical on premise to cloud based  • Used AWS to build servers, create security groups, auto-scale, and load balancers for the virtual private connection  • Created S3 buckets, policies, and IAM policies and configured S3 bucket storage  • Applied CloudWatch to the creation of EC2 host monitors, alarms, and notifications  • Managed disaster recovery and high availability on 11g and 12c databases through creation and monitoring of physical and active standby databases using RAC, Dataguard, and RMAN  • Successfully upgraded databases from 11g to 12c, and maintained database security by applying needed upgrade, maintenance, and interim (Opatch) patches  • Generated reports with the development of PL/SQL packages, DML, DDL, Oracle tables, stored procedures, functions, cursors, triggers, and Unix Shell Scripts  • Communicated with production teams to collect production data used to refresh dev and test instances using Datapump  • Utilized Crontab to schedule and monitor repetitive activities including gathering schema statistics and tablespace usage reports  • Installed, configured, maintained, and supported databases for test, development, and production purposes  • Staged Linux and Windows environments for applications including Portfolio Management Systems and SAP Business Solutions Oracle Database Administrator Valmont Industries Inc - Omaha, NE August 2012 to July 2016 • Utilized Crontab jobs to automate and monitor database health, backup, and recovery activities and maintain database security and performance  • Sent ORA emails regarding errors, reports for Quick Morning Check, and automation of backups, exports, space usage monitoring, archive log movement, and RMAN catalog resyncs through customization of Unix Shell Scripts  • Collaborated with application development teams and analysis of objects to monitor and tune long running jobs  • Extensively utilized AWR, ADDM, ASH, SQL*Trace, TKPROF, and Explain Plan to create and rebuild indexes and tune queries  • Used RMAN and Datapump to perform refreshes on database, schema, and table levels from prod to dev/test environments and used TTS for Oracle to quickly migrate tablespaces across servers  • Configured a client-server environment using tnsnames, LISTENER, and Net Configuration Assistant  • Created guaranteed restore points to use during recovery and switch-over operations and develop logical recovery points  • Created scripts to monitor database status including table size growth, extent allocation, free and used space, and fragmentation  • Maintained all databases and performed tasks such as space management, capacity planning, and disaster recovery  • Utilized Oracle to handle daily production problems and change requests  • Performed all backup and recovery task including developing physical hot and cold backups and logical backups Education Master's Degree in International Law and Diplomacy in International Law and Diplomacy University of Lagos 2016 Bachelor of Arts in European Languages in French University of Lagos 2006 Skills DATABASE, OLTP, ORACLE, ORACLE 10G, SQL, LINUX, SHELL SCRIPTING, SOLARIS, UNIX, UNIX SHELL, DISASTER RECOVERY, ENCRYPTION, BACKUPS, EC2, DMS, SCRIPTING, OLAP, SECURITY, CAPACITY PLANNING, PERFORMANCE TUNING Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS   ? Design and implementation of AWS architectures and environments  ? AWS infrastructure services (EC2, S3, RDS, Route 53, CloudFormation)  ? DMS database migration  ? Oracle 10g, 11g, 12c  ? Performance tuning ( database memory, SQL*Tuning, AWR, ASH, ADDM, Explain Plan  ? OLTP/OLAP  ? Security implementations (audits, TDE, network encryption)  ? Upgrades and patches  ? Unix Shell Scripting  ? Goldengate  ? Database migration  ? Linux RedHat  ? Solaris  ? Windows  ? Datapump  ? Transportable Tablespaces (TTS)  ? Dataguard  ? Physical and logical backups  ? Space management  ? Capacity planning and disaster recovery
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1365.html#408:::Freelance/Consulting - Greater;Computer Sales Associate;Database Administrator (DBA);Database Administrator;Programmer, Web Designer, Database Developer (College Team Project);IT intern;SQL (5 years);Python (Less than 1 year);Excel;access:::Freelance/Consulting - Greater Freelance/Consulting - Greater Data Analysis Cupertino, CA A passionate problem solver hoping to leverage innovative ideas and technology to help move business forward. Enjoy developing solutions to inefficient tasks and problems. Currently, very interested in data analysis/science and machine learning. Long term goal to help drive products and services that can make people's lives more prosperous and productive. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Freelance/Consulting - Greater Self Employed - St. Louis, MO October 2017 to October 2018 General IT technical work  ? Replace printers and computers  ? Troubleshoot computers and kiosks Computer Sales Associate Fry's Electronics - Sunnyvale, CA June 2016 to August 2016 - Sunnyvale, CA 06/2016 - 08/2016  A retailer of software, consumer electronics, household appliances and computer hardware with 34 locations.  Computer Sales  ? Assisted customers purchasing computers, tablets, printers and other peripheral accessories.  ? Stocked and organized products. Database Administrator (DBA) MasterCard - O'Fallon, MO October 2010 to March 2015 - O'Fallon, MO 10/2010 - 03/2015  A $9B+ global payment network providing payment products and services with 37 offices around the world.  Database Administrator (DBA)  ? Supported the data warehouse. Responsible for implementing database objects in all environments and assisted with many other support and maintenance projects.  ? Created a 1400+ line semi-automated shell script to discover, implement and track OID (Oracle Internet Directory) names for the hundreds of Oracle databases to reduce a DBA task and enforce naming standards enterprise-wide.  ? Created a few hundred line "Health Check Report" PL/SQL package to find possible database issues with standards, best practices, audit, performance and maintenance which would automatically email HTML formatted reports to focus our maintenance efforts and prevent problems. The report was helpful in cleaning up around 7TB of junk data.  ? Converted a load table to use interval partitioning and created a PL/SQL procedure that would clean up old partitions and reduced the batch load process from over an hour to a few minutes which cut down on database processor and hard drive cycles.  ? Diagnosed and maintained 20+ custom PL/SQL packages for stats, backups, partitioning and database health Database Administrator Technology Partners April 2010 to October 2010 Worked at MasterCard Programmer, Web Designer, Database Developer (College Team Project) Digital Blue - St. Louis August 2009 to December 2009 Lead programmer, web designer and database developer for my team's UMSL senior project.  ? Created and designed web application in unfamiliar environment and language within 3 months. IT intern Monsanto - Creve Coeur, MO January 2008 to June 2008 Contributed on team project for the ES&H Department (Environmental, Safety and Health) to track new employee's completion of their safety training requirements which reduced time and errors by manually tracking in a spreadsheet.  ? Created java application to transform extracted flat file to import into MS Access. Used Access to compare thousands of data fields with data stored in SAP to find incorrect or missing data.  ? Evaluated SAP automated testing tools (Worksoft Certify and HP Quality Center) Education B.S. in Information Systems University of Missouri - St. Louis, MO A.A in Electronic Engineering Technology St. Louis Community College at Florissant Valley Skills SQL (5 years), Python (Less than 1 year), Excel, access Links http://linkedin.com/in/mikewschmidt Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ ce Certification October 2018 to October 2021 Earners of the CompTIA Security+ certification have the knowledge and skills necessary to perform core security functions required of any cybersecurity role. CompTIA Security+ professionals know how to identify and address potential threats, attacks and vulnerabilities and they have established techniques in risk management, risk mitigation, threat management and intrusion detection. Data Science Professional Certificate July 2019 to Present The badge earner is ready for a career in data science with demonstrated ability to solve for real-world problems. They can apply Data Science methodology - work with Jupyter notebooks - create Python apps - access relational databases using SQL & Python - use Python libraries to generate data visualizations - perform data analysis using Pandas - construct & evaluate Machine Learning (ML) models using Scikit-learn & SciPy and apply data science & ML techniques to real location data sets.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1366.html#409:::Psychologist - Psychotherapist;Social Welfare Manager;Database Entry Administrator;Sales representative of dairy products;Manager;TIME MANAGEMENT (Less than 1 year):::Psychologist - Psychotherapist Psychologist - Psychotherapist Psychologist - Psychotherapist Kissimmee, FL Attain a position that will enable me to use my strong communication, organizational skills and my ability to work  well with others. While also maintaining a high level of integrity and ethics when working in a fast paced  environment. Work Experience Psychologist - Psychotherapist EASTERN MEDICAL CENTER AND SPECIALTIES 2017 to 2019 • Organized individual or group therapy sessions  • Helped rehabilitate people with depression, Bipolar disorder, anxiety, stress, sexual  abuse and etc.  • Consultation work for young people with addictions (Drug and alcohol)  • Special individual sessions with young pregnant women Social Welfare Manager 2016 to 2019 Developed custom meals plans for low-income families  • Aided individuals who need nutritional psychosocial assistance  • Provided funding support for home repair projects after a natural disaster  • Helped low-income families get affordable medication INESPRE DOMINICANA - DO 2014 to 2019 DOMINICAN REPUBLIC Database Entry Administrator 2014 to 2016 Entered new products information into the system and calculated price of sale  • Generated sales summary report of sold products daily and end of month  • Created inventory report on product needed to be re-order, damage or spoiled  • Developed user profiles for cashiers and staff within the system Sales representative of dairy products NESTLÉ - DO 2008 to 2009 Explained produce information to new customers to better improve sales Manager ALBA'S AGENCY AND FURNITURE STORE 2004 to 2006 • Managed (4-8) employee's - time schedules and work hours  • Created new strategies to increase sales  • Performed product inventory checks of each day Education Bachelor in Psychology Clinical Central Eastern University - Santo Domingo 2013 to 2017 Skills TIME MANAGEMENT (Less than 1 year) Additional Information Skills  • Communication well with others  • Ability to Work under pressure  • Decision Making  • Time Management  • Self-motivation  • Conflict Resolution  • Leadership
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1367.html#410:::Database Analyst;Junior Database Administrator;Inside Sales Associate;Team Leader;Key Holder/Sales Representative;IT Help Desk Assistant;Former Sergeant;Freelance IT work for various businesses and companies;DBA;Sql Dba;Sql Server:::Database Analyst <span class="hl">Database</span> Analyst Database Analyst - Wells Fargo Charlotte, NC Work Experience Database Analyst Wells Fargo April 2019 to Present Perform weekly deploys for compliance and patching requirements.    > Run SQL queries for application partners in ORACLE 12c databases.    > Update documentation via JIRA and Pac 2000 systems.    > Maintain database and instance integrity for over 200 instances.    > Learn UNIX and TOAD systems. Junior Database Administrator Remote Database Experts (RDX) May 2018 to April 2019 Provide detailed monitoring for SQL Server for clients such as GNC, Billabong, and others.    > Database and Operating System troubleshooting and problem resolution to environments including SQL, Windows and UNIX/LINUX.    > Maintain documentation in Service Now workload management system.    > Responsible for maintaining the Big Brother and Solar Winds monitoring tools. Inside Sales Associate Professional Sports Publications January 2018 to May 2018 Sell online and print advertising in various sports publications to businesses. Team Leader Tei Consulting Group September 2017 to January 2018 Door-to-door selling of AT&T and DirecTV products. Key Holder/Sales Representative Sprint Retail Store May 2015 to January 2016 Keep up-to-date knowledge about new and existing technology across all types of smartphone operating systems.    > Responsible for training new associates. IT Help Desk Assistant Wilson, Jones October 2014 to January 2015 Assisted the IT Manager with off-site server transfer.    > Assisted with basic troubleshooting (printers, computers, etc.).    > Assisted IT Manager in purchasing new hardware and software for firm.    > Performed ERP server maintenance and taught employees how to utilize new hardware and software. Former Sergeant United States Army Infantry 2008 to 2014 Freelance IT work for various businesses and companies 2009 to 2010 Set up various networks, troubleshoot issues after setup Education Bachelor of Science in Computing ECPI University - Greenville, SC May 2014 to September 2016 Skills DBA, Sql Dba, Sql Server
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1368.html#411:::Aviation Maintenance Program Coordinator;NALCOMIS OOMA Database Administrator;Logs and Records Supervisor:::Aviation Maintenance Program Coordinator Aviation Maintenance Program Coordinator Aviation Maintenance Program Coordinator Jacksonville, FL Experienced Aviation Military Specialist with a proven track record in leadership and the ability to perform at optimal levels in areas of Aircraft Maintenance, Navy Program Management, Accounts Management, and Aviation. Strong integration and operational skills to achieve company goals and objectives. Work Experience Aviation Maintenance Program Coordinator US Navy, Patrol Squadron Ten - Jacksonville, FL August 2015 to August 2015 • Managed configuration team of seven Sailors in the implementation and migration of NALCOMIS OOMA.22 to Virtual Environment.  • Coordinated the migration of 322,000 data records from the home guard sever to deployed multi-org server in support of 6th Fleet Strike Group Operation in Sigonella, Italy.  • Senior Database Administrator for multisite operations in 7th fleet (Okinawa, Misawa Japan; Clarke Philippines)  • Direct and manage the training and qualification of 168 aviation maintenance mangers and technicians.  • Provide leadership and development to fill critical manning requirements to ensure mission readiness.  • Managed the logistics, scheduling, and completion of aircraft technical directives of seven Boeing P-8A 737'-800.  • Conducted performance reviews to supervisors providing encouragement, mentoring and recommendations to strengthen performance and correct deficiencies. NALCOMIS OOMA Database Administrator US Navy, Strike Fighter Squadron Eleven - Virginia Beach, VA January 2011 to August 2015 • Managed day to day operations of the Sybase NALCOMIS OOMA Server.  • Facilitated transition of command assets for integration to afloat network and mid-tier replication onboard USS Enterprise in support of 5th fleet operations for Operation Inherent Resolve (Arabian Gulf).  • Performed data analysis of platform maintenance actions to identify aircraft mission degradation.  • Managed the configuration, implementation, and training of Boeing Fleet Automated Maintenance Environment (FAME) 2.0.  • Maintained system security and software upgrades through monthly Information assurance vulnerability alert (IAVA) compliance and new Data Alignment Programs (DAPS). Logs and Records Supervisor US Navy, Helicopter Maritime Squadron Forty - Jacksonville, FL December 2009 to December 2011 • Led 11 subordinates in the requirement of six NAMP programs in the incorporation of 4, 834 flight critical components, 1,644 SRC/EHR cards and 356 inspections.  • Orchestrated the timely back-fit and the download of mission cards accounting for 3,952 flight hours with 100 percent accuracy for all maintenance and flight data on 12 SH-60R aircraft.  • Managed the documentation efforts of 11 work centers contributing directly to the completion of 14,500 maintenance actions and the proper debriefing of 3,179 aircraft data files.  • Performed database backups for home and offsite servers.  • Managed contingency planning for any potential system outages. Education Masters of Business Administration in Project Management Saint Leo University Saint Leo December 2020 Bachelor's in Business Administration/Project Management Saint Leo University - Saint Leo, FL May 2016 to December 2018
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1369.html#412:::Senior Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator (DBA);Linux;Javascript;Database Security;Backup & Recovery;Disaster Recovery;Performance Tuning;Oracle Applications;Data Pump;Version Control;Oracle Enterprise Manager;HTML;SQL;SQL Server;jQuery;Oracle RAC, ASM & Grid control;Oracle DBA;Database Administration;Transparent Data Encryption;Bash/Unix Shell scripting & Automation:::Senior Oracle Database Administrator Senior Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Senior Oracle Database Administrator - Global Health and Education Projects, Inc Riverdale, MD I am an accomplished Database Administrator and IT security expert with over 8 years of extensive knowledge and proficiency in database design, monitoring & tuning, migration, upgrades, backup & recovery, cloning, replication, security implementations, high availability and disaster recovery solutions. I am also proficient in an assortment of technologies including Oracle 10g, 11g and 12c, MySQL and MS Access. I have exceptional written, verbal, analytical and organizational skills. Proven leader with a motivational management style, a solid reputation for building and retaining highly motivated teams and developing innovative solutions. An energetic achiever who can successfully prioritize and manage multiple projects and perform effectively under pressure. I recently finished learning Front-end web development to understand and support the building of web applications Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Oracle Database Administrator Global Health and Education Projects, Inc - Riverdale, MD September 2017 to Present • Construct database security policy using passwords, privileges, user profiles, Transparent Data Encryption to encrypt tables and Tablespaces; implemented auditing policies as well as data redaction and data masking.  • Rewrote and implement backup strategies following company SLA; execution of backup schedule for both physical and logical backups using RMAN and DATAPUMP utilities respectively. Used block change tracking (BCT), reducing backup time from 5hrs down to 45mins. Resolved space issues with backup optimization, reducing storage costs by 20%.  • Champion database the migration from 11g to 12c using the Oracle Datapump and DBUA respectively.  • Install and configured software for Oracle 11g, 12c on both Windows and UNIX platforms using Oracle OFA. Also install, administer and maintain SQL Server Instances 2008 and 2012.   • Install and administer Physical Standby databases for single and multiple instances to achieve high availability and disaster recovery solution (DATA GUARD).  • Support daily administration, monitoring, tuning, and troubleshooting on single instance on UNIX/Linux, Windows server 2008 and 2012 ( Database sizes range 100GB to 35TB).  • Carry out performance tuning with AWR, ADDM, ASH, Alert log, dynamic performance views, DBMS_STATS, Trace files, System Event Logs for unusual events and took appropriate action according to company policies of incident reports.  • Capacity planning to meet the demands of the dynamic aspects of storage and memory for the databases.  • Clone databases for testing using RMAN and DATAPUMP utilities for all database sizes.  • Install 12c OEM Cloud Control for monitoring; periodically reorganized and resized database objects, created table Partitions, Materialized Views, and indexes, yielding a 35% performance boost.  • Perform PL/SQL errors fixes and modified the applications using PL/SQL.  • Generate shell scripts with developers to automate maintenance and backup jobs.  • Set up Ec2 instance using OL7.2-x86_64-HVM-2015-12-10 Amazon Machine Image (AMI) and administer the instance using MobaXterm, SQL developer, OEM and SQL*plus in our development environment.  • Migrate oracle on-premise development database to Amazon Oracle RDS  • Reconcile functional and technical problems through research and training workshops, achieving a 65% increase in satisfaction rate of database end users and supervised the coaching of junior DBAs.  • Part of the support team for 24/7 on-call production support. Oracle Database Administrator Target - Brooklyn Park, MN August 2014 to September 2017 • Worked with the Application Development team to implement data strategies, build data flows and develop conceptual data models.  • Created logical and physical data models using best practices to ensure high data quality and reduced redundancy.   • Implement table and index partitioning and materialized views to minimize DB time, increase disk load balancing, improve query speed and enable faster parallel query.   • Developed best practices for standard naming conventions and coding practices to ensure consistency of data models.  • Applied Oracle's quarterly Critical Patch Update (CPU/ PSU application) using Opatch utility to install, test, and deploy patches to all database instances.  • Reviewed modifications to existing software to improve efficiency and performance  • Performed reverse engineering of physical data models from databases and SQL scripts.   • Evaluated data models and physical databases for variances and discrepancies.   • Configure and manage ASM instances on Oracle 11g and 12c databases.  • Perform database Refreshes from production environments.  • Migrated databases from On-premises hosting to Amazon Web Services EC2/RDS instance on Multi Availability Zone and validated its objects and provided performance support using cloud watch /OEM/RAT.  • Optimize and update logical and physical data models to support new and existing projects.  • Analyzed data-related system integration challenges and propose appropriate solutions.  • Created databases from Entity Relational Diagrams (ERD) in Forward Engineering using the Oracle SQL Developer to OFA Institution and finally to DB launch.  • Guide System Analysts, Engineers, Programmers and others on project limitations and capabilities, performance requirements and interfaces. Oracle Database Administrator (DBA) Kca Deutag Drilling Inc. - Houston, TX March 2010 to August 2014 • Created databases from Entity Relational Diagrams (ERD) in Forward Engineering using the Oracle SQL Developer to OFA Institution and finally to DB launch.  • System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) methodology for designing, analysis, development and implementation.  • Designed and implemented the ETL utilizing PL/SQL and Talend Administration Suite.  • Used range, hash and composite table partitioning which greatly decreased the DB time and SQL Execution time. Also performed instance tuning by changing init.ora parameters and managed region parameters such as shared_pool_size and db_cache_size with the use of AMM and ASMM.  • Managed database security by creating, assigning appropriate roles and privileges to users depending on the user activity, auditing, and performing other security related tasks including Transparent Data Encryption.  • Installed and administered GOLDEN GATE in a unidirectional, bidirectional, and broadcast configuration to mainly replicate data and ensure high availability, in a heterogeneous environment, also worked with EXADATA Machines for high performance and availability.  • Configured Oracle tools like SQL*Net to access the database across the network.  • Applied Oracle's quarterly Critical Patch Update (CPU/ PSU application) using Opatch utility to install, test, and deploy patches to all database instances.  • Worked in a cross functional team that oversaw the Oracle RAC installation and configuration for Linux environments.   • Experience migrating database objects from development through test and into production environments.  • Configured and managed CloudWatch alarms to monitor resources in AWS for Disk, Memory, and CPU utilization.  • Experience working on ORACLE EXADATA Machine X4-2 for the extreme performance of the database.  • Capacity planning (supported 3 tier architecture, planning of tables, indexes, tablespaces and databases) to allow for growth potential and analyze data growth trends for capacity and resources. Education BSc in Computer Science Abia State Polytechnic Skills Linux, Javascript, Database Security, Backup & Recovery, Disaster Recovery, Performance Tuning, Oracle Applications, Data Pump, Version Control, Oracle Enterprise Manager, HTML, SQL, SQL Server, jQuery, Oracle RAC, ASM & Grid control, Oracle DBA, Database Administration, Transparent Data Encryption, Bash/Unix Shell scripting & Automation Certifications/Licenses Oracle Database 12c Certification March 2019 to Present knowledge and skills required to properly execute daily operational management and maintenance of an Oracle Database CompTIA IT Fundamentals+ May 2018 to Present knowledge and skills required to identify and explain the basics of computing, IT infrastructure, application and software, software development, database fundamentals, and security
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\137.html#413:::Associate Database/Systems Administrator;Junior Database Administrator:::Associate Database/Systems Administrator Associate <span class="hl">Database</span>/Systems <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Laurel, MD To apply my education and experience towards my field. I have excelled in my schooling and maintained a 3.94 grade point average. My field of study has been database and I plan to continue my education in this area as it is my passion. I enjoy to be challenged and possess the drive and determination to achieve success. Work Experience Associate Database/Systems Administrator BLC Consulting, LLC - Gainesville, VA May 2012 to Present Current Duties and Skills Include:  • Base Install and patch Oracle 11G database systems  • Base install and patch MySQL system  • Base install and Patch MSSQL systems  • Provide network installation, support, and firewall configuration  • Provide end user network and remote access support  • Create SQL scripts to automate database reporting and auditing  • Provide database tuning to improve performance  • Create and maintain a dashboard for database performance alerting  • Create and maintain daily database backups and archiving  • Create AD network logon policies Junior Database Administrator Vaste Consulting, LLC - College Park, MD October 2011 to May 2012 Duties and Skills Included:  • Monitored database security, control, and user access.  • Performed database tuning for optimal performance  • Performed database maintenance to ensure the databases are stable, available, and the most current patches are applied.  • Resolved database requests and issues.  • Troubleshot job failures, performance issues, database integrity, etc. Education Cyber Security (BA Program) Expected Graduation Spring 2016 in Cyber Security UMUC - Largo, MD 2014 to 2016 AAS in Information Technology Community College of Baltimore County - Essex, MD 2010 to 2013 Awards Summa Cum Laude 2013-06 Phi Theta Kappa 2013 Additional Information TECHNICAL BACKGROUND    Microsoft Office 2003, 2007, 2010 and 2013     • Microsoft Word  • Microsoft Excel  • Microsoft Access  • Microsoft PowerPoint  • Microsoft Office Visio    Server Applications / Databases    MSSQL 7.X-2000, MySQL, Oracle 11g, IIS 3.0-5X, Great Plains, Resonate  • Oracle 10G J2E Application Server  • Oracle 11g R2 Database  • SQL Server 2005, 2008 and 2008 R2  • Spiceworks  • Sharepoint, GroupWise  • Atlassian: Jira, Confuence, Fisheye, Bamboo  • VMWare (Fusion, ESXi 4/5)    Hardware    • Dell – PowerEdge product line  • Extreme Networks – Summit Series  • SonicWall – TZ and MX series  • Linksys – All    Operating Systems    • RHEL 4-7   • CentOS (All)  • BSD MacOS (All)  • IOS (All)  • Windows 2008-R2, XP, 7 Pro    Networking    TCP/IP, LDAP, Ethernet, Wireless (802.11b,g, n Cisco, Apple Airport, Appletalk Lucent), Netatalk, Samba    Security    AntiVirus (Kaspersky, Norton, Vexira, AVP), IPtables/IPchains, JASS. Snort, Snare, Tripwire, Fail2ban, Watchdog, Security Blanket, SCAP, Retina
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1370.html#414:::Sr. Oracle Database Administrator;Sr. Oracle/Exadata Database Administrator;Sr. Oracle Database Administrator/Engineer;Database Administrator / Graduate Assistant;Sr. Oracle Database Administrator;Jr Database Administrator;Aix (2 years);AWS (1 year);Business Intelligence (Less than 1 year);C (Less than 1 year);databases. (7 years);Discoverer (Less than 1 year);EMPLOYEE RESOURCE GROUP (Less than 1 year);ENTERPRISE RESOURCE PLANNING (Less than 1 year);Linux. (4 years);Loader. (2 years);Middleware (1 year);MS SQL Server (Less than 1 year);OEM (5 years);Oracle (7 years);PL/SQL (4 years);replication (Less than 1 year);Solaris (1 year);SQL (7 years);SQL Server (Less than 1 year);Unix (6 years):::Sr. Oracle Database Administrator Sr. Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Sr. Oracle Database Administrator - The Northern Trust Company • An Oracle professional, self-motivated with strong problem solving and outstanding communication skills with more than 9 years of IT experience as an Oracle DBA (versions 12c/11g/10g/ 9i).  • Installation, upgrade, maintenance, administration of multi-terabytetenant standalone and RAC on multiple platforms like IBM-AIX, Sun-Solaris, UNIX, Linux, Windows.  • Proficient in 12c Multitenant Architecture and have a deep understanding on Container and pluggable databases.  • Production support and day-to-day activity to ensure zero alert thresholds is met 24x7.  • Experience with installation of Grid Infrastructure for ASM, RAC. Very good understanding of GpnP (Grid Plug n Play).  • Administered Oracle clusterware and resources on 11g and 12c using CRSCTL/SRVCTL.  • Migrated OS file system storage to ASM with minimal downtime and administered ASM disk groups and instance.  • Server side and Client-side fault tolerance achieved by configuring SERVICES and TAF (Transparent Application Failover).  • Proactively monitored and diagnosed symptoms using OEM (Enterprise Manager) to significantly increase the probability of success of production db and application.  • SQL Tuning, End-user tuning and troubleshooting using various tools like EXPLAIN PLAN, AUTOTRACE, SQL_TRACE, TKPROF, AWR, ADDM, ASH, v$ performance views.  • Good experience with Data Modeling to translate logical data elements into the physical database design.  • Experience with Toad Data Modeler using Erwin.  • Build complex entity relationship models - both logical and physical database design.  • Experience in resolving complex restore and recovery issues using RMAN.  • Experience in UNIX Shell Scripting for automating the DBA tasks like User maintenance, Performance Monitoring of CPU, Disk and Memory usage, and File system monitoring.  • Good Experience in Hot/Cold Backups, and Cloning of Databases.  • Good Knowledge of RMAN backups.  • Proficient in Performance Tuning the applications and database proactively using STATSPACK, AWR, ADDM.  • Experience in Database Security and Auditing.  • First hands-on experiences in software and firmware maintenance of both the Database and Storage servers in the Exadata database machine including upgrades and patching.  • Provide and implement performance tuning recommendations of all components in Exadata database machine.  • Advise, provide guidance and develop Disaster Recovery strategies for the Exadata Database machine.  • Solid skills to configure Exadata to meet company internal security requirement.  • Analyze and determine the feasibility of leverage the Oracle Enterprise Manager solution to report on performance, provide metrics, and become the centralized proactive maintenance solution for Exadata distributions.  • Develop and record certified processes/procedures for all potential IT downstream support groups to maintain and upgrade the Exadata database machine.  • Integration of Exadata monitoring and escalation into existing IT monitoring and actionable events solutions.  • Deep understanding about Exadata specified features such as Smart Scan, HCC Hybrid Columnar Compression, Flash Cache, etc.  • Worked with the following 11g/12c new features.  ? SQL Access Advisor  ? Multitenant architecture  ? Secure File Lob's Compression  ? Exadata Hybrid Columnar Compression  ? Resource Manager  ? SQL Performance Analyzer  ? SQL Plan Manager  ? Table compression enhancement  ? Active Data Guard  ? Upgraded from 10g to 11g R2, 10g to 12c, 11g to 12c.  ? Query Result Caching  ? Invisible Indexes.  ? Database Replay.  ? AWR Baseline Enhancements  ? Automatic Memory Management.  ? Automatic SQL Tuning.  ? Data Recovery Advisor.  ? Read-Only Tables  ? Flashback Enhancements  ? RMAN Enhancements  ? Table Compression Enhancements.  ? Silent Installation of RAC  ? Worked with Oracle Engineers in troubleshooting issues. Work Experience Sr. Oracle Database Administrator The Northern Trust Company - Chicago, IL November 2017 to Present Responsibilities    • Installations, configurations, administration, support and maintenance of Oracle, databases.  • Gather, review and analyze business requirements. Build new databases based on business requirements and work with multiple discipline project teams. Implement SDLC and Agile project methodology.  • Analyze and understand the complex architecture of all the critical applications and implement solutions, provide support and resolve the ongoing issues to make sure all applications run efficiently without impacting the business.  • Work with team members to develop technical designs to meet business requirements.  • Performs database modeling and create logical and physical database designs and diagrams, as well as final "as built" diagrams and documentation.  • Coordinate changes to databases, administer, test, and implement databases.  • Administration of database storage configuration, database parameter optimization, and configuring high availability features.  • Install, configure, support and maintain Oracle RAC databases for High Availability, Data Guard for Disaster Recovery.  • Migrate databases from lower version to Oracle 12c multi-tenancy infrastructure.  • Installed and configured Oracle 12c Multi-Tenant Container Database and Pluggable Database format.  • Migrate databases with 50 TB+ from 10g and 11g to 12c databases.  • Implement Exadata Hybrid columnar compression when migrating from 10g and 11g non-Exadata to 12c Exadata servers for very large critical databases.  • Converted regular LOB's to secure files with different compression depending on the usage and performance impact on the dependent queries.  • Detailed understanding of pros and cons of RAC, RAC One Node, Single Tenancy and Multi-Tenancy.  • Applied Quarterly and one of patches on 12c Container and pluggable databases.  • Develop and troubleshoot Unix and PL/SQL scripts for automating database builds and other Oracle database maintenance activities.  • Create database maintenance plans, including updating statistics, rebuilding indexes, structure modifications, capacity plans, and index analysis.  • Plan, execute, and maintain database capacity, backup-and-recovery and disaster recovery plans. Define and implement backup and recovery strategies for databases. Create database backups. Perform recoveries using the backups if there are any issues.  • Support 10+ critical projects at a time with tasks like migrations, application upgrades/releases, performance tuning, compressing large databases for archival.  • Proficient in utilizing Resource manager and allocating resources as per the requirement to pluggable databases.  • Perform table level restores using RMAN with point in time recovery in 12c.  • Performance tuning of complex SQL Queries using SQL Tuning advisor, SQL Performance Analyzer. Performance monitoring and tuning for Event Waits, Sessions, Physical and Logical IO and Memory Usage.  • Performance monitoring and tuning of the databases using Explain Plan, TKPROF, AWR, ADDM, ASH, SQL Tuning Advisor, SQL Profiles, SQL Plan Baselines, indexing strategy, Oracle configuration parameter analysis, and SQL coding enhancements. Identify performance issues and resolve. Tune and optimize databases for better performance.  • Clone/Refresh databases for development and testing.  • Write, modify, enhance, tune, test and debug database programs, complex SQL Queries, and PL/SQL stored procedures, functions and packages. Test, debug programs.  • Update/Upgrade software as needed to utilize available new features to enhance performance and operational efficiency. Apply patches to fix database software bugs and Vulnerability Remediation.  • Perform database user and access administration tasks like creating new users, modifying existing users and provide them required access/grants as needed.  • Provide technical support.  • Analyze, troubleshoot and resolve database and associated applications issues. Perform Problem Diagnosis, Root Cause Analysis and provide permanent solutions to the problems. Sr. Oracle/Exadata Database Administrator Cars.com - Chicago, IL July 2017 to November 2017 Responsibilities    • Worked as a Core DBA/ Exadata DBA at Cars.com as migration specialist on Oracle 12cR1, 11gR2, Exadata X2, X3 & X6, , OEM 13c, RAC, Data Guard, Linux.  • Working on Exadata X2, X3 and X6 machines which included Half Rack and Full Rack  • Migrating 50+ databases from Exadata X2 and X3 machines to Exadata x6 machines  • Managing database on 12c RAC and 11g R2 RAC  • Created OEDA requirement document for Oracle to setup the new Exadata X6 machines  • Worked with network and linux teams to configure the network on the Exadata x6 machines so Oracle ACS can install Grid infrastructure 12cR2 and Databases 11g R2 and 12cR1  • Configured and modified Exadata x6 machines as per Cars.com requirement and specifications after Oracle handed over the standard Exadata machines.  • Installation of OJVM patch on 11gR2 databases on Exadata X2 and X3 environments before migrating it to Exadata X6 machines to match with Bundle patch version.  • Worked with Storage team in configuring Netbackup and Datadomain on Exadata X6 machines.  • Migrated using Datapump Export/Import for small databases and non-critical databases and used DataGuard to Migrate huge and critical databases with 99% uptime.  • Setup DataGuard between multiple datacenters for 12 production databases.  • Planned and documented all migration steps and coordinated with different teams during the deployments.  • Tested Switchover and failover between data centers before migration of production databases using Dataguard  • Efficient in using Dataguard Broker for all DataGuard tasks.  • Migrated multiple databases up to 10TB of size with minimal to no downtime using dataguard.  • Configured databases with 2 node and 4 node RAC clusters  • Migrated databases for applications like Peoplesoft, Automic UC4, GitHUB, Stibo STEP, Atlassian Jira, Arlassian Confluence, BuildForge, DataStage, Oracle WebCenter Sites and Cars.com website.  • Software and firmware maintenance of the Exadata storage servers in the Database machine including routine health check, patching and upgrades according to the suggestions from Oracle support department.  • Integration of Exadata monitoring into our existing IT monitoring framework. Provide and implement performance and tuning recommendations of all components in the Exadata machines.  • Working on Installation of Oracle Enterprise Manager Cloud Control 13c.  • Worked with linux team to setup VM's for Oracle Management Repository database server and Oracle Management Service (OMS) web-based application server.  • Working on setting up agents on Exadata x6 machines for monitoring.  • Setup and configure RMAN jobs for daily full backups, incremental backups and archive log backups and are scheduled using Cron.  • Setup scripts to monitor dataguard health on all datacenter apart from OEM monitoring.  • Monitoring for 24x7 Production environment, resolution of severe performance and user access issues  • Worked with tuning tools like DBArtisian, TOAD and Solarwinds Database Performance Analyzer.  • Worked on building and rolling out new 12c databases for TEST/DEV/QA/PROD environments.  • Migrated databases from 11gR2 to 12cR1.  • Software and firmware maintenance of the Exadata storage servers in the Database machine including routine health check, patching and upgrades according to the suggestions from Oracle support department.    Environment: Oracle 12c/11g 2-node/4-node RAC, RHEL 6.8/6.9, Grid Infrastructure, CRSCTL, SRVCTL, RMAN, ASM, Physical Standby DB, Data Guard, OEM Cloud Control 13c/12c, Datapump, TOAD, SQL* Plus, Putty, SSH, TOAD, Solarwinds Database Performance Analyzer, Exadata X2, X3 and X6 Sr. Oracle Database Administrator/Engineer CNA Financial Corporation - Chicago, IL June 2015 to August 2016 Responsibilities    • Working as a member of TCS's core infrastructure team as Oracle Engineer/DBA at CNA Insurance on Oracle 12c,11g R2,10g, Exadata 5, OVM, OEM 12c, RAC, Data Guard, Golden Gate, Linux, Aix, Solaris, HP/UX.  • Managing database on 12c RAC, 11g R2 RAC and 10g.  • Managing everything from planning to deployment for multiple projects.  • Setup Data Guard between multiple data centers  • Update existing 10.2.0.4 to 11.2.0.3 then to 12.1.0.2  • Migrating exiting 10g database to new 11g for application conversion then migrating 11g databases to 12c database and migrating 10g database to 12c database.  • Supporting development team for a successful character set conversion from US7ASCII on 10g to AL32UTF8 on 11g and 12c.  • Installation of Oracle Database Vault in 12c.  • Upgraded more than 40 databases from 10.2.0.1 to 11.2.0.1 and then 11.2.0.1 to 11.2.0.2 including patchset updates using opatch.  • Installation & configure of Oracle Enterprise Manager 12c and Oracle Enterprise Manager Cloud Control 13c.  • Worked on building and rolling out new 12c databases for TEST/DEV/QA environments.  • Managing more than 250 databases on each Oracle server on 10g,11g and 12c environments.  • Configuring and managing ASM storage for databases.  • Migrated databases from Non-ASM to ASM.  • Configuration and Administration of Active Data Guard environments  • Stabilized Oracle Grid Control environment.  • Configuring Oracle Dataguard and Active Dataguard  • Installation and configuration of Golden Gate  • Duplicated all the non-production databases on Exadata server according the Data Warehouse development project's requirement. Help to compress large volume partition table by using Oracle HCC Hybrid Columnar Compression techniques.  • Primary technical resources in SQL tuning in Exadata Production and Performance Testing environments by using statistics, hints, SQL tuning set etc.  • Software and firmware maintenance of the Exadata storage servers in the Database machine including routine health check, patching and upgrades according to the suggestions from Oracle support department.  • Integration of Exadata monitoring into our existing IT monitoring framework. Provide and implement performance and tuning recommendations of all components in the Exadata machines.  • Develop and record certified processes/procedures for all potential IT downstream support group to maintain and upgrade the Exadata servers.  • Migrating databases to Oracle Exadata Database Machine for different clients.  • Analyzing database performance and tuning database on Oracle Exadata using Real Application Testing (RAT)  • Implementing Best Practices for migration E-Business Suite and regular databases to Oracle Exadata.  • Installing, configuring and maintaining Enterprise Manager Cloud Control to monitor and manage Exadata and regular databases.  • Zero Downtime Migration to Oracle Exadata with Oracle Dataguard and Oracle GoldenGate.  • Participated in analysis and designing of Oracle Exadata Server for infrastructure and related projects. Assisted in integration of Exadata applications into current IT actionable events and solutions.  • Comprehensive documentation of all activities  • Configure, manages and monitor oracle databases on Amazon Web Services(AWS)  • Knowledge transfer to new staff  • Monitoring for 24x7 Production environment, resolution of severe performance and user access issues  • Effectively used tuning packs like ADDM, AWR, ASH, Tuning Advisors to troubleshoot resource-intensive SQL, enqueues, locks.  • Using all RMAN and datapump functionalities.  • Managed ITIL tasks like Service Desk, Incident Management, Problem Management, Change Management, Configuration Management, Release Management, Availability Management, and Capacity Management which are related databases in Service Now.  • Managing incidents created by users for database related tasks.  • Creating Change Requests for performing any critical tasks in Pre-prod and for all tasks in Production as part of Change management and Release management.  • Updating configuration changes in repository as part of Configuration Management.  • Finding the RCA and providing the details as part of Problem Management.  • Handling capacity related alerts and incidents as part of Capacity Management.    Environment: Oracle 12c/11g/10g/2-node RAC, OEL 5.8, IBM AIX, RHEL 6.5, Grid Infrastructure, CRSCTL, SRVCTL, RMAN, ASM, Physical Standby DB, Data Guard, Oracle Fusion Middleware Flashback, OEM Grid Control, Datapump, TOAD, SQL* Plus, Putty, Golden Gate SecureCRT, SSH Database Administrator / Graduate Assistant University of Illinois - Springfield, IL August 2014 to May 2015 Responsibilities  • Designed and documented database architecture.  • Managed Oracle 11g and Microsoft SQL Server 2008 databases  • Assessed malfunctions of hardware and software applications for determining appropriate actions to maintain computer, network, and database operations.  • Build database scheme, tables, procedures and permissions.  • Created, tested, and executed data management languages.  • Developed database utilities and automated reporting.  • Analyzed and sustained capacity and performance requirements.  • Monitored systems and platforms for availability.  • Oversee backup, clustering, mirroring, replication and failover.  • Performed maintenance operations daily, weekly and monthly on Oracle and SQL servers and databases, and information systems for the purpose of ensuring efficient program operations.  • Performed database backups and restorations and recovers corrupted databases.  • Evaluated and recommends new database technologies.  • Implemented and maintained database security and encryption.  • Developed, managed and tested database and information system backup and recovery plans.  • Developed standards and policies for data entry, and ensures compliance.  • Prepared written materials for documenting activities, providing written reference, and conveying information.  • Prepared and distributed reports, including but not limited to weekly and monthly status reports to the Computer Science Department Head.  • Attended seminars, conferences, in service training and staff meetings as required.  • Tutored undergrads for Database Admin and SQL programming related courses and projects.    Environment: Oracle 11g/10g/2-node RAC, IBM AIX, Grid Infrastructure, CRSCTL, SRVCTL, RMAN, ASM, Microsoft SQL Server 2008, Data pump,TOAD, SQL* Plus, Putty, SSH Sr. Oracle Database Administrator Home Dialysis Services - Chicago, IL January 2014 to July 2014 Responsibilities    • Managed database on 11g R2 RAC  • Setup Data Guard between multiple data centers  • Excellent knowledge of 11g RAC srvctl, crsctl, ocrdump, ocrcheck and ocrconfig utilities  • Performed converting single node instance to RAC and Adding instance to the existing RAC  • Administered GI resources like ASM, SCAN Listener, node listener, OCR, Vote files using CRSCTL and SRVCTL utility.  • Followed Oracle best practice by moving password file and OCR and Votedisks on ASM in 12c by setting compatibility.asm = 12.1.0.1.0  • Successfully added nodes to the existing RAC cluster by extending GI and Oracle binaries.  • Troubleshooted Node eviction (split brain syndrome) issue due to flooded interconnect traffic.  • High availability and load balancing achieved with Services which was fully integrated with 11g/12c Grid Infrastructure.  • Client-side fault tolerance achieved by configuring TAF (Transparent Application Failover) in RAC as well as Data Guard env.  • Upgraded more than 15 db from 10.2.0.1 to 11.2.0.1 and then 11.2.0.1 to 11.2.0.2 including patchset updates using opatch.  • Successful installation/maintenance of 11.2.0.2/12.1.0.1 Physical Standby and Logical Standby db in Data Guard env for zero data loss.  • Effective use of tuning packs like ADDM, AWR, ASH, Tuning Advisors to troubleshoot resource-intensive SQL, enqueues, locks.  • 50% improved Performance of fetching LOB data by creating partitions. Data footprint reduced by purging older partitions to lowered operational cost.  • Data migration using Data Pump export/import to bring historical data from application so to analyze the growth of db over a period.  • Installing ASM environment and migrating database from NON-ASM to ASM  • Cloned databases using Export Import, Data Pump and RMAN Duplicated Databases.  • Migrated database from non-ASM to ASM  • Clone databases using RMAN duplicated  • Provided technical troubleshooting and give consultation to development teams.  • Performed Database Refreshes Used Oracle 10g AWR & ADDM to monitor database activities and performance tuning.  • Applied High priority, security patches downloaded from Meta link  • Oracle Database monitoring, troubleshoot and resolve the issues.  • Management of schemas, objects partitioning the tables & indexes  • Manage production Oracle Business Intelligence Platform in addition to the analysis, development, deployment of customizations and extensions to the Oracle BI Platform.  • Data gathering, research and analytical abilities to develop insightful conclusions and generate solutions to address user needs.  • Monitor data warehouse performance, reliability, availability, and recoverability and ensure data warehouse standards are consistent with long-term infrastructure plans.  • Used Oracle Enterprise Manager to monitor database health and check log files for errors.  • Installed operating systems, patching, upgrading managing configurations  • Managed User accounts and granted directory permissions to secure UNIX systems in meeting industry practices  • Managed ITIL tasks like Service Desk, Incident Management, Problem Management, Change Management, Configuration Management, Release Management, Availability Management, and Capacity Management which are related databases in BMC Remedy.    Environment: Oracle 12c/11g/10g/3-node RAC, OEL 5.8, IBM AIX, Grid Infrastructure, CRSCTL, SRVCTL, RMAN, ASM, Oracle Business Intelligence, Physical Standby DB, Data Guard Broker, Flashback, OEM Grid Control, Data pump, TOAD, SQL* Plus, Putty, SSH Jr Database Administrator KAM IT Solutions January 2011 to December 2013 Responsibilities  • Involved in gathering requirement, Analysis, Design.  • Created database objects including tables, views, synonyms, sequences, constraints, indexes.  • Created Pl/SQL Stored Procedures, Functions, Packages, Triggers, Cursors.  • Prepared migration documents & other documentations. Monitored db performance via STATSPACK.  • Participated in design reviews for upcoming application enhancements.  • Performed data extracts/loads in the testing environment using SQL*Loader.  • Assisted developers to troubleshoot SQL and PL/SQL code and increase the efficiency of execution.  • Created daily, weekly, and monthly DBA checklists for each environment.  • Documented database/server configuration for production, test, and development databases.  • Setup Crontab jobs to automate the routine tasks.  • Installed operating systems, patching, upgrading managing configurations  • Installed Oracle 10g and 11g databases.  • Migrated databases from 9i to 10g and 9i to 11g databases.  • Installation, up gradation and Maintenances of Oracle Databases on Linux & Windows platforms.  • Backup of database Logical and Physical (hot and cold) procedures and also using RMAN.  • Perform database monitoring, capacity planning and performance tuning.  • Provided System support for both development and 24/7 production environment.  • Prepared plans for up gradation of all critical Production Databases from 9i to 10g on Linux and DATAGUARD implementation.  • Performed capacity planning and sizing of databases based on input from business.  • Taking care of all alerts for space issues and user requests.  • Managing database security. Creating and assigning appropriate roles and privileges to users depending on the user activity.  • Configuration of tnsnames.ora, listener.ora and sqlnet.ora files after upgrading databases.  • Performed database cloning from old system to new system.  • Used EXPORT/IMPORT for table level and full database de-fragmentation.  • Transported tablespaces between production and development databases.  • Running scripts to check the status of databases such as growing table sizes, extent allocation, free space, used space, fragmentation etc.    Environment: Oracle 9i/10g, SQL*Plus, Pl/SQL, TOAD, SQL*Loader, SQL*PLUS, UNIX, VSS, OEM, Stats pack Education Bachelor's in Computer Science Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University - Hyderabad, Telangana Master's in Computer Science University of Illinois at Springfield - Springfield, IL Skills Aix (2 years), AWS (1 year), Business Intelligence (Less than 1 year), C (Less than 1 year), databases. (7 years), Discoverer (Less than 1 year), EMPLOYEE RESOURCE GROUP (Less than 1 year), ENTERPRISE RESOURCE PLANNING (Less than 1 year), Linux. (4 years), Loader. (2 years), Middleware (1 year), MS SQL Server (Less than 1 year), OEM (5 years), Oracle (7 years), PL/SQL (4 years), replication (Less than 1 year), Solaris (1 year), SQL (7 years), SQL Server (Less than 1 year), Unix (6 years)
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1371.html#415:::Applications Programmer Analyst;SSRS Developer;Database Developer | Administrator;GIS Specialist;DATABASE;SQL SERVER;SQL;SQL SERVER REPORTING SERVICES;SSRS;CSS;HTML;ETL;Javascript:::Applications Programmer Analyst Applications Programmer Analyst Applications Programmer Analyst - Vulcan Materials Company Birmingham, AL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Applications Programmer Analyst Vulcan Materials Company - Birmingham, AL March 2018 to Present * Produce and modify Crytsal Reports to support plant location sales and corporate sales anaylsis and reporting  * Create and maintain SSRS reports to support Chief Executive Directors and managers in sales projections and revenue  * Create and modify database objects and queries to provide data used in SSRS and Crystal Reports  * Desing ETL operations using SSIS in Visual Studio  * Source control using GIT, SourceTree, BitBucket and Microsoft Visual Source Safe SSRS Developer Hooters of America, Robert Half Technology - Atlanta, GA December 2017 to January 2018 * Three week contract position to review SSRS and Crystal reports, stored procedures, views and functions with multiple data sources to validate BI data comparisons across multiple years  * Wrote technical documentation for sales report data sources and work flows Database Developer | Administrator Cooperative Baptist Fellowship - Atlanta, GA 2014 to 2017 * Oversaw all aspects of the Microsoft SQL Server databases to support financial operations  * Created online reports using SSRS and Crystal reports to replace legacy expense reports, allowing field personnel to more efficiently manage income and expenditures  * Conducted ETL operations using SQL server import-export wizard, stored procedures, functions, Windows automated scripts, and Toad data management software  * Facilitated end user training and provided support on donor database software  * Earned the Award of Excellence for exceptional work performance in 2016 GIS Specialist New South Associates - Atlanta, GA 2010 to 2013 * Created and managed databases, custom websites, and GIS applications  * Generated maps and reports for analysis and publication using geospatial data  * Developed a database for the Georgia Department of Transportation, enabling them to effectively manage cultural resource data as mandated by federal and state legislation  * Designed a reference database for a Native American tribal territory affiliation study contracted by the United States Army Corps of Engineers Education Master of Science in Archaeological Information Systems in ENG University of York Master of Science in Information Systems in Information Systems University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill - Chapel Hill, NC Bachelor of Arts in Cultural Anthropology in Cultural Anthropology University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill - Chapel Hill, NC Skills DATABASE, SQL SERVER, SQL, SQL SERVER REPORTING SERVICES, SSRS, CSS, HTML, ETL, Javascript Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/carmenbeard Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information Goal-oriented and dedicated professional with experience in database development and business intelligence soluions.    Recognized for solid work ethic, impeccable technical acumen, and ability to transform specification requirements into business solutions. Strongly skilled with relational database management systems and well-versed in database development, ETL processes and report creation. Equipped with articulate communication and interpersonal skills to build positive work relationships with professionals of all levels including the ability to translate complex technical concepts to non-IT individuals.    AREAS OF EXPERTISE    Database Skills  SQL Server • SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS) • SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)  SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS)    Programming Language SQL • T-SQL • VBA • Visual Basic • XML • HTML • CSS • AJAX • Java • JavaScript • PHP ASP.net • Active Server Pages (ASP) • ColdFusion  Software  Visual Studio• SSRS Report Builder•Crystal Reports  JIRA•SourceTree•BitBucket• Microsoft Visual Source Safe• Microsoft Office
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1372.html#416:::Associate Manager;Senior SQL DBA Consultant;Senior Consultant;IT Risk Analyst;MSSQL DBA;SQL Database Administrator;DATABASE ADMINISTRATION;DATABASE;DB2;MICROSOFT ACCESS;SQL SERVER;SQL SERVER 2005;MYSQL;ORACLE;REPLICATION;SQL;STORED PROCEDURES;SECURITY;CLUSTERING;ACTIVE DIRECTORY;SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION;ROLLOUT;UNIX;SQL SERVER REPORTING SERVICES;SSRS;MAINTENANCE;Microsoft Word;Organizational Skills:::Associate Manager Associate Manager Associate Manager - CoreLogic Lawrenceville, GA Ugo is an experienced and results-driven security, compliance and SQL Database Admin professional, he is extremely passionate about innovative technologies as well as skill sets regarding expertise and experience to help implement competitive strategies and outstanding solutions that commemorates sustainable organizational structures. He has a clear understanding of key business processes, supporting IT systems, and insight of effective IT controls design and effectiveness. A team player with an eye for results, he is able to deliver on critical engagements for clients as a reliable advisor in information security risk and compliance.  Platforms & Tools Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Associate Manager CoreLogic - Irving, TX February 2018 to Present • Review logs, update database statistics and index management  • AWS Migration from SQL to MySQL Aurora  • EC2 and RDS instance provisioning  • Replication using DMS  • S3, buckets, option groups, VPCs, etc Configurations  • Troubleshoot application performance issues, database maintenance & configuration, patching, and upgrading  • Security, auditing, configuring, documenting, enhancement & corrective changes, emergency changes  • Participate in DBA On-call monthly and document environments and processes where applicable  • Work with other DBA team members and various application teams  • Generate Health check report monthly.  • Auditing systems and developing standards and implementation of best practices for performance and clarity  • Coordinate change review meetings and facilitate in the management of incidents according to SLAs  • Implementation of SQL Logins, Roles and Authentication Modes as a part of Security Policies for various categories of users.    • Rebuilding the indexes at regular intervals for better performance  • Designed and implementing comprehensive Backup plan and disaster recovery strategies    • Set up and Implemented and monitored different High availability solutions (Log-shipping, Mirroring, Clustering and AlwaysOn HA).    • Converting data between different database platforms to SQL Server.  • Clustering both on windows levels and on the SQL server level  • Experience writing stored procedures that access SQL server Database tables for optimal Senior SQL DBA Consultant CITI Bank - San Antonio, TX November 2016 to December 2017 • Manage the business relationship & perception of GIDA support    • Security architecture advisory - advise the business on the required security architecture controls.    • Consult the business when they want to make version updates and enhancements to applications or systems, in alignment with the GIS Technical Solutions, the vendor, CATE, HASI, CTI and other technology partners.    • Developing and prioritizing the requirements for client facing GIDA supported tools.    • Designing, Implementing, and maintaining database schema, entity relationship diagrams, data modeling, tables, stored procedures, functions and triggers, constraints, indexes, functions, views, rules, defaults, and complex SQL statements.    • Generate complex stored procedures and functions for better performance and flexibility    • Ensure database performance monitoring and tuning is regularly accomplished    • Advise the business where gaps exist and collaborate on solutions for remediation.    • Provides general IS consulting services including interpretation and/or clarification of IS policy, procedures, standards and or concepts    • Educates and advises the business on safe IS practices and current, changing, and/or recommended IS requirements    • Ensure database server security by implementing applicable security patches and maintaining appropriate security measures per company standards.    • Production DBA-Maintained the health and general maintenance of production Databases    • Worked on a migration project using SSIS and SQL server migration assistant.    • Perform diagnoses and performance tuning when needed using DMV and functions Senior Consultant Trnaswestern - Houston, TX February 2017 to August 2017 • Participated in the data warehousing of major deployment and Migration projects.  • Major part of migration to CLOUD (Amazon Web Services).  • Perform backups of all SQL servers 2000/2005/2008/2008R2/2012 daily, weekly and monthly.  • Automated and managed maintenance jobs that ensure stability and performance of database servers.  • Own, track and resolve database related incidents and requests, fulfill requests and resolved incidents within SLAs.  • Reviewed service related reports, database backups, maintenance, monitoring daily to ensure service related issues are identified and resolved within established SLAs.  • Helped design, maintained and controlled the corporate database and data dictionary.  • Analyzed all informational requirements of new or production systems and develops database specifications.  • Work with a team of DBAs to implement and maintain database mirroring.  • Created, monitored, backup, recovery and tuning of SQL Server databases in a multi-platform environment. IT Risk Analyst NStar TECHNOLOGIES - Lawrenceville, GA January 2015 to November 2016 • Manage/led IT audits and reviews with all subsidiaries, coordinate with operational/ functional audit teams, develop detailed scope and test programs for audits and reviews.  • Provided solutions and coordinated the execution of control mechanism/testing against technical procedures to ensure appropriate execution and that risk is mitigated to an appropriate level.  • Scheduled and performed information risk assessments using organization's methodology; identify, document and communicate control deficiencies in business processes and technology systems.  • Assist Information Security Analysts with complex risk decisions and provide advice and guidance.  • Assist with Security and IS management, the Legal department, Fraud department, Human Resources and law enforcement agencies to manage security vulnerabilities or inquiries.  • Conducted meetings, interview control owners, generate documentation request lists, evaluate documentation and prepare recommendations for improvement.  • Engaged with technical process owners to understand technical process steps, identify risk, and drive toward a completed documentation that aligns with the IT Governance and Risk Management programs.  • Ensured audit action plans are closed in accordance with deadlines and act as a liaison between Internal Audit and the business.  • Actively involved in the implementation of SOX for clients using COSO and COBIT and applicable SEC requirements.  • Assessed Corporate Governance and IT Controls related to critical applications used for processing financial reports to ensure compliance with SOX. MSSQL DBA THE TECH-EDGE GROUP - Atlanta, GA February 2012 to November 2014 • Participated in the data warehousing of major deployment and Migration projects.  • Part of a DBA team ensuring 24 x 7 production support of all corporate databases.  • Perform backups of all SQL servers 2000/2005/2008/2008R2/2012 daily, weekly and monthly  • Monitor and maintain database performance; identify and recommend areas that need improvement.  • Automate and manage maintenance jobs that ensure stability and performance of database servers.  • Own, track and resolve database related incidents and requests, fulfill requests and resolved incidents within SLAs,    • reviewing service related reports: database backups, maintenance, monitoring daily to ensure service related issues are identified and resolved within established SLAs    • Helped Design, maintained and controlled the corporate database and data dictionary.    • Established and enforced all database standards.  • Analyzed all informational requirements of new or production systems and develops database specifications.  • Work with a team of DBAs to implement and maintain database mirroring  • Established and enforced controls to ensure database integrity.  • Reviewed overall physical database structures for data integrity, quality, recoverability, maintenance and space requirements    • Experience in creating, monitoring, backup, recovery and tuning SQL Server databases in a multi-platform environment. SQL Database Administrator NNPC January 2010 to January 2012 • Provided technical assistance to computer user in classroom networks while answering questions and resolving technical issues for clients in person, via telephone or electronically  • Served in SQL DBA capacity.  • Completed daily over 20 service requests regarding from our internal ticketing system.  • Analyzed long running slow queries and tuned same to optimize system performance.  • Implementation of SQL Logins, roles and Authentication Modes as a part of Security Policies for various categories of users.  • Rebuilding the indexes at regular intervals for better performance.  • Designed and implemented comprehensive Backup plan and disaster recovery strategies Implemented.  • Migrating SQL Server 2000 data bases into SQL Server 2005.  • Recovering the databases from backup in disasters.  • Worked with SQL Server tools Like Enterprise Manager and SQL Query Analyzer. Education MBA in Management American Intercontinental University - Atlanta, GA Bachelor of Management and Information Systems in Management and Information Systems Covenant University - Lagos, NG Skills DATABASE ADMINISTRATION, DATABASE, DB2, MICROSOFT ACCESS, SQL SERVER, SQL SERVER 2005, MYSQL, ORACLE, REPLICATION, SQL, STORED PROCEDURES, SECURITY, CLUSTERING, ACTIVE DIRECTORY, SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION, ROLLOUT, UNIX, SQL SERVER REPORTING SERVICES, SSRS, MAINTENANCE, Microsoft Word, Organizational Skills Additional Information Expertise: SQL Administration, Databases, System Administration, AWS  Operating systems: Windows / Windows Server, UNIX  Databases: Oracle, SQL Server, DB2, SQL 2000, 2005, SQL 2008, 2008R2, 2012, 2014, 2016, 2017  Tools: SQL Server Management Studio, Microsoft Access, Active Directory, SQL Profiler, SQL Server Reporting Services, Oracle Enterprise Manager, Toad, AWS SCT, MySQL Workbench  SKILL SUMMARY:  • Experience with managing and administering large environments and high transaction with includes Production, Staging, Development and Testing.  • AWS migration specialist  • Cloud Architecture    • Experience writing, debugging, and tuning Transactional SQL, Stored procedures and SSIS Packages.    • Experience ensuring the technical integrity of corporate databases by protecting against the loss or misuse of information and designing backup/recovery strategies.    • Responsible for troubleshooting and problem solving of SQL Server.    • Responsible for setting up and managing multiple SQL Server Clusters for SQL Server 2005/2008/2008R2/2012/2014/2016.    • Improvement and maintenance databases which includes release rollout and upgrades    • SQL Server Replication (Transactional, Snapshot, Merge and Peer to Peer).    • Experience with managing multiple MS SQL instances 2005/2008/2008R2/2012/2014/2016 for high transaction environments.    • Database administration including installation, configuration, upgrades, capacity planning, performance tuning, backup and recovery in managing clusters of SQL servers    • Installation, Upgrade, Maintenance and tuning of SQL Server 2005/2008/2008R2/2012/2014/2016 databases.    • Experience with setup and administration of SQL Server Database Security environments using Profiles, Policies, database Privileges and Roles.    • Provide SQL Server database physical model creation and implementation (data type, indexing, table design).  • Expert at High Availability solutions Log-shipping, Mirroring, Clustering, Always-ON Availability Groups.    • Report Building using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)    • Data transfer across servers using SSIS packages
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1373.html#417:::Cyber Security Analyst;Cyber Security Analyst;Cyber Security Analyst;Senior Oracle Database Administrator;Cyber Security;Cissp;Information Security;Nist;Siem;Network Security;Comptia;Information Assurance;Cybersecurity;It Security:::Cyber Security Analyst Cyber Security Analyst Cyber Security Analyst - Middle Tennessee Electric Corporation Work Experience Cyber Security Analyst Middle Tennessee Electric Corporation October 2017 to Present • Use Tenable Security Center (Nessus) to perform vulnerability scans and provide guidance to patch teams on remediation plans and process.  • Ensure Appropriate data protection/encryption at rest, in use and in transit.  • Use Knowb4 to perform users' security awareness and training against social engineering.  • Used Rapid 7InsightIVR SIEM tool for incident detection and management  • Perform and validate internal PCI compliance activities in Card Data Environment.  • Perform Endpoint Protection and Data Loss Prevention implementations and Incident Response Plan and Procedures.  • Create policies, procedures, processes, memos, work flow diagrams & Reliability Standard Audit Worksheets.  • Use NERC-CIP compliance standards to secure SCADA environment.  • Developed security control baseline and tested plan used to assess and implement security controls.  • Perform Risk Assessment on third parties/Vendors to limit exposure of Corporate network  • Routinely perform Email and domain analysis and scans using Virus total  • Risk Management Framework (RMF) to do Security control Assessment Using NIST 800-37 as a guide, assessments and Continuous Monitoring Cyber Security Analyst Defense Logistics Agency - Philadelphia, PA March 2015 to October 2017 • Develop and update System Security Plan (SSP), Privacy Impact Analysis (PIA), System Security Test and Evaluation (ST&E) and the Plan of Actions and Milestones (POA&M)  • Develop, review and update Information Security System Policies, System Security Plans (SSP), and Security baselines in accordance with NIST, FISMA, OMB, NIST SP 800-18 and industry best security practices.  • Perform PCI compliance Audits with external auditor on card holder environment.  • Performed vulnerability scan and continuous monitoring after authorization (ATO) to ensure continues compliance with the security requirement.  • Put together Authorization Packages (SSP, POA&M and SAR) for Information systems to the Authorization Officer.  • Conduct and evaluate IT/OT security updates on over 128 devices such as firmware, WSUS, Anti-Virus, logging, training, incident response, & recovery operations.  • Scan emails against Phishing vulnerabilities using Virustotal Cyber Security Analyst ADP - Chicago, IL April 2014 to March 2015 Identified trends and root causes of system failures or vulnerabilities using NESSUS Vulnerability Scanner, Nmap to scan ports, weak configuration and missing patches  • Conducted a review of the plan of action and milestone (POA&M) process to ensure corrective actions and timely mitigation of the vulnerabilities Maintain and support of the Oracle E-Business Suite (EBS), PeopleSoft application  • Supported the Information System Security Officer (ISSO) and collaborated with the system's Information System Owner (ISO)  • Reviewed and updated the system security plan for the security controls put in place or planned  • Assisted the ISSO in the implementation phase of RMF to document security controls in system security plan (SSP) and contingency plan (CP).  • Collected and validate artifacts from the system owner to support quality information system audit and review.  • Performed Security control assessment (SCA) using NIST 800-53Arev1 per NIST, FISMA standard and guidelines. Senior Oracle Database Administrator Cigna - Minneapolis, MN June 2010 to March 2014 • Experience designing and maintaining Oracle 10g, 11g and 12c relational databases.  • Convert non - container database to pluggable in Container databases (12c). Patched the Oracle E-Business Suite (EBS) and PeopleSoft application  • Apply upgrade patches, maintenance and interim patches on production and non-production databases.  • Implemented TDE and advance security to encrypt mask secure sensitive data with the use DB Vault Education Master's in Cyber Security Engineering in Cyber Security Engineering University of Maryland Skills Cyber Security, Cissp, Information Security, Nist, Siem, Network Security, Comptia, Information Assurance, Cybersecurity, It Security Certifications/Licenses CISSP Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) Additional Information COMPETENCIES  Nessus, Knowb4, Wireshark, OVAS, Cain & Abel, Oracle 12c, EBS, Peoplesoft, Kali Linux, MBSA, Metaslpoit, Nmap, Vometric. Rapid7 IVR, Metasploit Pro, Retina Network Security Scanner, Fortify, nmap/zenmap, McAfee Policy Auditor, Vulnerator, Sailpoint, CyberArk, HP ArcSight, Eclipse, Oracle Database, MySQL, MSSQL Server, Visual Studio, MS Office Suite, Unix (Oracle/Sun Solaris)/Linux (RedHat and Debian platforms), Kali Linux, MS Windows, Bash, Korn, Assembly, SQL, PHP, Shell
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1374.html#418:::Remote DBA;Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Jr. Oracle DBA;Database;Oracle;Oracle 10g;Sql;Aix:::Remote DBA Remote DBA Remote DBA - Computer Science Corp • Oracle Database Administrator with 5 years of experience with large-scale production environments across multiple platforms such as Data warehouse, Enterprise Applications, Client and Server.  • Capacity to give master level specialized technical support in all parts of database administration including installation, configuration, upgrades, patching, migration, capacity planning, performance tuning, backup and recovery. Active involvement with Oracle Real Application Clusters (RAC) and Data Guard.  • Able to work both as an individual contributor and as a team player.  • Excellent technical aptitude, troubleshooting and communication skills  • Creation of new tables, queried, stored procedures, reports and web pages  • Integration with other mainframe and non-mainframe applications  • Updating/refreshing test environments.  • Working knowledge of Oracle Golden Gate installation and configuration.  • Experience as On-Call 24x7 Production DBA Support.  • Design, develop and implement oracle database instances.  • Experience in performing database Upgrade from 10g to 11g.  • Performed migration from Windows to Linux.  • Extensive experience performing Backup/Recovery using RMAN.  • Extensive experience with database Cloning and Refreshing pre-prod/dev databases.  • Expertise in maintaining Database Security using Auditing.  • Experience working with one or more of: enterprise resource planning (ERP) systems, OLAP databases, business intelligence/reporting systems, application servers, middleware systems, learning management systems, or content management systems.  • Working knowledge of logical and physical database design, Oracle backup and recovery scenarios, tools, security management, resource management, applications, data integrity, and application development life cycle stages  • Experience in supporting roastery retail technology hardware including fixed POS registers, laptops and handheld devices Work Experience Remote DBA Computer Science Corp August 2018 to Present • Creating physical standby databases  • Developed custom scripts and implemented standard procedures to troubleshoot live production issues by leveraging Oracle ASH and AWR data.  • Troubleshoot database performance issues using OEM, AWR, and TKPROF  • Monitor production databases using various internal tools and custom scripts.  • Optimal database parameter, capacity design for heavy loaded High End OLTP systems.  • Installation of Oracle 11g, planning and Implementing of Oracle secure backup strategy.  • Follow up SRs for different issues like password creation  • Creating User  • Monitored user password  • Performed Switchover and Failover in High Availability Environment.  • Planning and Implementing of Oracle secure backup strategy.  • Performed Installation and Configuration of Oracle Primary and Standby (Data Guard: creating both logical and physical standby databases) Database and Switchover/Switchback of Database in 11GR2 RAC and 12CR1.  • Clone databases for development and test environments using RMAN and User managed cloning.  • Monitor and perform tuning of storage and indexing to improve performance  • Performed Database backups and recovery using RMAN, Import/Export, Hot/Cold Backups, Data Pump tools.  • Develop Recovery Manager (RMAN) scripts for database backup and recovery to include hot and cold.  • Perform User Management, creation, monitoring and management of database users while altering  • Passwords of users and granting/revoking access to system/object privileges, roles and auditing user actions.  • Exposure to new 12c Features, Container and Pluggable Database, FAR-SYNC Instance, Cascade Redo Transport Destination, allowed usage of SYNC and NOAFFIRM to extend Data Guard Range, Moving online Data file, etc Oracle Database Administrator Wal-Mart.com - Brisbane, CA February 2017 to August 2018 • Troubleshot and maintained Oracle Data guard environment where TBs of log shipping and apply happened daily. Troubleshot performance issues using OEM, AWR, and TKPROF  • Resolving issues related to Network Congestion, Memory (SGA and PGA), CPU & IO and other  • Oracle related issues. Monitored production databases using various internal tools and custom scripts.  • Optimal database parameter, capacity Design for Heavy Loaded High End OLTP systems.  • Database capacity management (working with storage teams for ASM Disks) using automated scripts (Bourne/corn) /processes and reports.  • Responsible for configuring DataGuard physical and standby database setup for high availability and handling synchronization issues between primary and standby.  • Scheduling and maintaining level 0 and level 1 RMAN (Recovery Manager) backups.  • Managed Tablespaces, Data Files, Archive Logs, Redo Logs, Standby Redo Logs and Logical Database Objects. Performed tuning of application using CBO, SQLTrace, Tkprof, Explain Plan, Statspack, AWR and ASH/ADDM.  • Wrote UNIX shell scripts to automate business processes and daily backups  • Applied upgrade patch, maintenance and interim (opatch) patches on all the databases.  • Refreshed Dev and Test instances with data from production on a regular basis.  • Migrated database from one server to another server.  • Managed, monitored and optimized the performance of the databases on a periodic basis using AWR, ADDM reports and provided recommendations.  • Monitored free space in tablespaces, space requirements of tables and indexes.  • Worked with RMAN to implement Backup/Recovery strategies and a clear understanding of the data structures and architecture provided by Oracle for Recovery in all kinds of disasters.  • Responsible for setup and implementation of 2 Node RAC on Linux in 10g and 11g R2.  • Supporting retail technology hardware including POS devices  Environment: Oracle 10g, 11g, 12C, Unix shell script, Grid Control, DataGuard, IBM AIX, Sun  Solaris, Oracle Linux, SQL*Plus, Toad, Various 10g and 11g Advisories, RMAN, AWR & Statspack  Reports, EXPDP/IMPDP, EXP/IMP, PL/SQL, Crontab, Tivoli Storage Management for DB  tape backups, BMC Patrol for DB monitoring, RHEL 5. Oracle Database Administrator OPEN TV Corp - Mountain View, CA March 2015 to January 2017 • Analyzed and tuned the database to identify potential database issues such as response delay, locking contention, even server down time by using tools like STATSPACK, EXPLAIN PLAN, and TKPROF.  • Backup and restore using RMAN utilities, Disaster Recovery testing, recovery Catalog and refreshing databases on multiple environment. RMAN backup and recovery strategy using incrementally updated image copy backup.  • Oracle performance tuning support pack and Statspack, AWR, ASH, ADDM, RMAN, Oracle Universal Installer, OPatch and Patchset. Used TOAD for database management.  • Supported Dataguard (11g Active Dataguard) for customer data service.  • AWR report generation and wait analysis for performance.  • Converted a single instance database to Oracle 11g and 10g RAC databases.  • Worked with latest 10g/11g features Data pump, Flash-Back Recovery, AWR, ASM, ADDM, Grid Monitoring, and Recycle Bin. Made optimal use of Oracle Support in resolving the SRs.  • Implemented Datapump, conventional export/import utility of Oracle 11g/10g for re-organizing Databases/Schemas/Tables to improve the performance. Used import/export utilities for cloning/migration of small sized databases and Datapump. Import/export to move data between 9i and 10g/11g environments.  • Implemented proactive monitoring using Tuning Pack, Diagnostics Pack, and STATSPACK, SQL Trace & TKPROF and EXPLAIN PLAN. Used AWR, ADDM and explain plan for periodic performance tuning.  • Database monitoring/maintenance, replication process and performance tuning were done using OEM (Oracle Enterprise Manager).  • Applied necessary patches during installation and in upgrade of databases on Oracle database versions 10g and 11g. Configured Dataguard broker between the primary and standby databases, performed switchover/failover and monitored the Dataguard status via DGMGRL and GUI.  • Implemented Backup and Recovery using RMAN, which included hot backups and cold backups to tape, drives, and disks. Involved in query optimization, using rule-based optimizers and cost based optimizers.  • Performed database performance tuning, STATSPACK reports automation, stress test on production copy for scalability, resolving production performance issues.  Environment: RAC, Oracle 11g/12c, Data guard, Oracle Enterprise Manager Cloud 12c Jr. Oracle DBA Knoxville Utilities Board - Knoxville, TN February 2014 to February 2015 • Planning and Implementation Security, Backup and Recovery Strategies.  • Installation of Oracle 9i, 10g and 11g.  • Applied patches as per Oracle support and Dell recommendations.  • Regular backup and recovery procedures.  • Supported data enter migrations along with upgrades for huge databases.  • Worked in DataGuard environment and performed quarterly switchover tests for High availability  • testing activities. Monitored database performance.  • Created explain plan for the SQL query and performance tuning.  • Database instance tuning, tuning memory allocation, tuning I/O, tuning Contention, tuning related to sorts and free lists and check points.  • Managed users and resources, controlled user privileges, roles and auditing.  Environment: RHEL 4.4, HP-UX, Oracle 10g/11g RAC, ASM, Data Guard, Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) Education Master's computer science University of Delaware BS Computer Science University of Buea Skills Database, Oracle, Oracle 10g, Sql, Aix Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  • Databases: Oracle 10g, Oracle 11g, Oracle 12c  • Oracle Database tools: SQL*Loader, TKPROF, OEM, TOAD, EXPLAIN PLAN, STATSPACK, AWR, ADDM, ASH, SQL, Developer, Grid Control  • Operating Systems: Solaris 10/9/8, LINUX, UNIX, AIX OEL, HP UX 11i, Windows 2000/2003 server
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1375.html#419:::IT Infrastructure Manager;System Analyst/Network Administrator;Sr. Infrastructure & Operation Manager;IT Syustems/Operation Analyst;Sr. Database Marketing/Ops Analyst;Database Marketing/CRM Analyst;G-Suite;Okta;Office365;AWS;Citrix;Airwatch;AD/DHCP/DNS/GPO;Palo Alto Network FW;HPE Switch;Cisco Router/Switch;MFA with Duo Security and MS Cloud;Migration;Data Warehouse;Cisco;Data Center:::IT Infrastructure Manager IT Infrastructure Manager IT Infrastructure Manager - Private Investment Firm San Jose, CA Challenging and exciting opportunity in IT technology, requiring multi-dimension technical/business  exposure in today's fast-pace environment.    PROFILE HIGHLIGHTS  • 10 years of excellent performance in IT infrastructure integration and IT resources  management/procurement to provide best IT practices and meet corporate business  requirements.  • Instrumental in global network infrastructure implementation and improvement. Expertise in  network device configuration, switch/router/firewall management, server virtualization with  VMware. In-depth knowledge of Palo Alto/Sonicwall/Fortinet security policy and intrusion  prevention management. Expertise with Meraki/Aruba/HPE Wireless/LAN device deployment    • Responsible for company SaaS platforms and production applications: G-Suite, Office 365 suites,  MS Sharepoint, MS Power BI, MS Flow, AWS, Sysaid Helpdesk, and OKTA SSO(SAML&SWA)  administration and development. Support HR/Accounting/Finance app: Bamboo, Jobvite, and  Concur.  • Solid hands-on experiences with data center design, planning and deployment for both on-prem  and COLO locations. A key driver in space planning, rack allocation, server configuration and  deployment, A/C system and UPS planning with power management.  • 7+ years of experiences of data management, from data preparation to customized ETL application  implementation. Working knowledge of MapR big data platform administration. Solid understanding  of data integration from multiple channels to design and implement data campaign programs.  Professional with excellent problem solving skills.  • Experience in leading IT staff to provide prompt responses and reliable helpdesk support for  employees at all level of the company. Provide guidance and expertise in enterprise wide network  implementation and troubleshooting. Service area includes N. America (US&CA) and Asia  (CN&TW).  • Proven track record as database application developer for Oracle/MySQL/MS SQL database and  analyst with diverse reporting, analysis skills. Work Experience IT Infrastructure Manager Private Investment Firm - Menlo Park, CA 2018 to Present As an IT infrastructure manager, supervise IT staff and infrastructure for offices on both CA and NY. Help firm to change company email domain, migrate on-prem exchange 2010 server to Office 365 cloud and office/server room  move, all three projects completed within 8 months after on-boarding.  • Worked with research team and vendors, migrate on-prem database and client web portal to AWS cloud  services. Job included: AWS architect verification, VPC/ACL/Security group/VPN validation and setup.  • Responsible for IT infrastructure to user helpdesk for both NY and CA offices. All account provision, administration and troubleshooting. System included Office365 cloud, Airwatch for mobile device mgmt.,  DUO security for MFA, and Barracuda backup appliances.  • Leading role on migrating on-prem exchange 2010 server to Office365 cloud service. Worked with IT staff  from on-prem exchange server inventory to Office365 cloud account provision and user data migration.  • Responsible for IT infrastructure, server room built, and video conference design and implementation on new office move project. Job included kinds of vendor coordination, from cabling, A/C vendor, and  construction vendors.  • Being part of firm's compliance team, responsible for cyber security strategy and practice, third part risk  assessment, solution to security concern provided and employee compliance training. System Analyst/Network Administrator MapR Technology - Santa Clara, CA 2016 to 2018 As an IT System Analyst in a start-up company, take responsibility from help desk to IT infrastructure  implementation.  • Design and implement 30 plus SOX compliance controls for IT management, information security and system application. Lead IT staff to ensure all controls are executed properly to ensure compliance without  exceptions. All SOX compliance control templates and tickets were certified by 3rd party consultant.  • As a G-Suite and Office 365 admin, help company transition from G-Suite application to Office 365 suite  within 2 months. Jobs include email transfer, email group/distribution list transfer, cloud document  transferring.  • Design, implement, and deploy network infrastructure for branch office in Dallas, include DELL Sonicwall  firewall config/deployed, Meraki wireless and switches configuration/deployment.  • Moving company production infrastructure from on-prem to COLO. Job included, network infrastructure  plan, design, configuration and deployment to adapt COLO environment. Configured and deployed  PAN/Sonicwall FWs, HPE/Aruba SWs along with 700+ servers  • Helped company for office relocation. Major role for network infrastructure, included FWs, SWs, and routers config/test and deployment. Coordinated service transition within inter department to minimize  risk and downtime.  • Responsible for wireless/LAN infrastructure and Backup/Recovery plan and practice for company wise.  Practice from design and planning, execution and monitoring report with visualization tools. Tools  include: PRTG, Scrutinizer, MS Power BI and Tableau. Sr. Infrastructure & Operation Manager Foxlink International 2013 to 2016 Managing companywide help-desk and network services for AM/FAE/PM/BDM personnel at four branch offices in the U.S. which generated 80% revenue for Foxlink Corp.  • Led IT staff of Los Angeles, Seattle and Chicago offices to design/implement/deploy best-fit network  infrastructure. Integrated HQ and branch office LAN/WAN to improve service level and information access for office-based and mobile employees.  • Led and managed IT capacity/service procurement and planning to fulfill internal department requests.  (i.e. HR, Accounting, Legal, and different manufacture BGs)  2  • Identified network security risks/concerns for all branch offices and architected HW/SW remediation  solutions to safeguard corporate information assets.  • Responsible for recruiting new IT staff. Led IT training program for all new employees during on- boarding process.  • Responsible for rack, server, A/C, cabling and power management in server room at all company office  locations. IT Syustems/Operation Analyst Foxlink International 2010 to 2013 Responsible for IT management in hardware, software, helpdesk and network troubleshooting for Sunnyvale office.  Instrumental in the design and implementation of a new server room for office relocation.  • Designed and built a new server room for office relocation within 6 months after hire while in parallel  maintained daily users support tasks.  • Coordinated different vendors during new office construction; deliver cost effective and fully functional  server room without service interruption during re-location.  • Network devices configured and deployed included: Cisco router, Fortinet firewall, DELL L3  switches, Cisco switches, Netgear switches, Ruckus wireless AP, VOIP Gateways, NAS.  • Initiated and completed network infrastructure upgrade and improvement. Deployed virtualization  with VMware/VirtualBox for critical business services, including email server, AD, Internal/External DNS, DHCP, CAD license server(UG/Pro-E).  • Designed, configured and deployed companywide VPN (IPSec) and VLAN network infrastructure to facilitate employee communications, data access, and application transactions.  • Designed and implemented customized inventory application; integrated QR-code for inventory  inquiries, re-invented and automated back-end data store with a commercial database instead of manual excel spread-sheets.  • Developed customized database application to consolidate/integrate/data cleansing for different phases  of BOM table, helping FAE/ME/AM/BDM to better serve customer in time.  • Provide helpdesk support all US offices, total 110+ employees serviced. Mac and Win platform both included.  • Served as point of contact between branch offices and HQ for corporate enterprise application service  troubleshooting and problem resolution, i.e. Oracle ERP, Siebel system, Citrix, Agentflow and etc.  • Responsible and admin for CCTV, PBX phone system, inter-company VOIP system, video conference, access control system and burglary alarm system. Sr. Database Marketing/Ops Analyst BD Biosciences - San Jose, CA 2009 to 2010 Technical lead responsible for the design and implementation of a marketing database for marketing and sales, provided comprehensive solutions to improve campaign efficiency critical for major revenue-driven  programs.  • Designed and developed marketing leads database helped marketing and sales inside BD.  • Customized processes for daily leads from different channels, including on-line, trade show, direct mail  request and ad hoc campaign.  • Helped management team to identify major revenue sources combined with leads/opportunity  management system, iterative feedback process implemented on leads/opportunity tracking and optimization.  • Implemented data reformatted application, transformed unstructured customer transaction records in SAP into structural hierarchy data format.  • Initiated and implemented customized intelligent data matching application for customer transaction  records, a scoring scheme developed to improve the matching rate.    3  • Designed and implemented quality and integrity data control process to improve data accuracy of business contacts, accounts, campaign response, and survey data.  • Improved the delivery rate for follow-up marketing campaign. Turn leads into opportunity and revenue  source through iterative campaign process.  • Identified, documented and articulated business requirements for marketing department, and provided  IT solutions within limited time frame and budgets.  • Facilitated data captured points to ensure data was validated and correctly populated. Provided  marketing report customization and leads identification management as required. Database Marketing/CRM Analyst deem Inc - Foster City, CA 2008 to 2008 2008  Technical lead in implementing and managing the database for marketing team, deployed mass  communication email campaign program reached 2,000+ companies and drove 24% user back to website for upsell.  • Implemented and deployed various marketing campaign programs, from contacts/leads  generation to final mail casting.  • Initiated implementation improvement for campaign deployment process by leveraging business  Intelligent and data/leads analysis report.  • Analyzed campaign response from business contacts, accounts, and survey data to identify  opportunities to improve marketing database effectiveness.  • Implemented B to B customer database in Oracle/Linux for marketing department, included database  schema design, data modeling, code development, and data acquisition processes.  • Identified and diagnosed data quality issues, data quality and integrity validation process performed.  • ETL techniques applied/implemented for data cleansing, transforming, merging & deduping operations.  • SQL scripts implemented for marketing campaign audience/list generation.. Education Master of Science in Computer Engineering in Computer Engineering Santa Clara University - Santa Clara, CA Master of Science in Structural Engineering in Structural Engineering University of California - Los Angeles, CA Skills G-Suite, Okta, Office365, AWS, Citrix, Airwatch, AD/DHCP/DNS/GPO, Palo Alto Network FW, HPE Switch, Cisco Router/Switch, MFA with Duo Security and MS Cloud, Migration, Data Warehouse, Cisco, Data Center
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1376.html#420:::Development Database Manager;Clinical Data Administrator / Forensic Data Specialist;Contract Career Database Developer, Database Manager, Data Analyst, Event Coordinator;Database Coordinator;ORACLE;SQL;AMAZON WEB SERVICES;C++;VBA:::Development Database Manager Development <span class="hl">Database</span> Manager A skilled IT professional with 9 years of data management experience. Diligent project manager offering a proven record of results leading all phases of diverse technology projects. Experience with corporate, non-profit and clinical sectors. Designing, managing and analyzing data to cultivate desired organization functionality. Organized, analytical and self-motivated; I have an eye for detail without losing sight of the big picture. New York, NY Work Experience Development Database Manager Cardinal Hayes High School - Bronx, NY June 2017 to Present A key member of the development department, my role was to create a systematic function of donor records, donations and projected pledges. Creative contribution to fundraising goals, events and student enrichment.  • Customize in house DBM system, develop financial reports. Reconcile accounts and audits  with finance and accounting.    • Reconcile accounts and audits from Finance and accounting, continuously and on year end  reporting  • Evaluate Major gift prospects. Wealth screen constituents, project pledge requests. Provide  constituent account analysis and develop outreach goals.    • Process incoming constituent donations, setup recurring donations and develop/ maintain  fundraising web tools.    • Report quarterly appeal numbers, process and code appeal data.    • Train staff for accurate reporting and team technology improvement.    • Alumni events support, provide mailing lists, event registration and event logistics. Clinical Data Administrator / Forensic Data Specialist Columbia University Presbyterian Hospital / NYSPI -RFMH May 2016 to Present Working with the top psychiatric investigators in the north east to construct research studies  for mental health conditions. Responsible to develop systems, audit and analysis data for clinicians, researchers and patients.  • Develop a user-friendly custom database for each funded research study. Maintain data  accuracy, review and deliver data reports. Liaison between research staff and patient data.    • Onsight point person for Electronic Medical records system (EMR), train staff and review  accounts and inputted data.    • Create data files for statistical review. Use SPSS, MATLAB for datafile analysis.    • Apart of the site CORE team, who is overall responsible for the ease functionality of the entire clinic. Contract Career Database Developer, Database Manager, Data Analyst, Event Coordinator United Nations 2012 to 2016 Highlights United Nations; Outreach director for sustainable growth. NGO; World Mission Foundation  Goddard Riverside  Ecumenical Community Development Organization (ECDO)    Freelancing has opened up a gateway for me to take on numerous projects and expand my talent. I have  executed my ability for website administration, database development and management as well as branding and social media advertising.    • International affairs outreach director for NGO organizations under the United Nations  • Assist with ensuring contractual city program requirements are meet, including program  deadlines  • Facilitator of monthly NYC focus group to help improve a workforce development curriculum.  • IT troubleshooter; Microsoft Xbox live series, customer service  • Website administrator for family lifestyle website growwithme.com  • Blogging for bronxmama.com; included review posts, social media advertising and branding Database Coordinator United Way - White Plains, NY August 2012 to 2014 United Way's 311 division for health and human services; my work with them was focused on working  directly with this division and keeping the database functional and up to date. My responsibilities included:    • Information and referral database coordinator. Responsible for managing and processing the human service information for the 2-1-1 database  • Project manager for disaster case management team that kept 2012 Super Storm Sandy disaster  information up to date on a 24hr basis  • 2-1-1/United Way website receiving over 15000 searches during the storm. Education A.A.S. in Computer Information Systems Southern New Hampshire University Bronx Community College - Bronx, NY Skills ORACLE, SQL, AMAZON WEB SERVICES, C++, VBA Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/marthakatechis
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1377.html#421:::Security Analyst;Information Security Analyst;Database Administrator;Security Analyst;Analysis and implementation of information security infrastructure framework. Monitoring the use of data files and establishing access-control criteria to safeguard information system. Performing security oversight on Information Systems to ensure compliance of security Policies and Procedures. Perform comprehensive assessments and write reviews of management, operational and technical security controls on information systems. Knowledge of cryptography, enterprise risk assessment, and intrusion technologies. Maintain effective interpersonal relationships with colleagues to facilitate a productive and friendly team. Ability to multi-task, work independently and as part of a team. Develop, review and evaluate System Security Plan based on NIST Special Publication Guidelines. Implement Network & System Security, Authentication and Access Control. (4 years);security (4 years);HTML;testing (4 years);access;Sharepoint;Microsoft Office;Active Directory;training;SQL:::Security Analyst Security Analyst Laurel, MD Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Security Analyst MUBUX LLC - Serven MD April 2014 to Present Develop, review and update Information Security System Policies, System Security Plans (SSP), and Security baselines in accordance with NIST, FISMA, OMB App. III A-130, NIST SP 800-18 and industry best security practices.  Developed policy and procedural controls relating to Management, Operational and Technical Controls for the Organization.  Advise Government Service Units and System Owners in the security of their IT infrastructure based on the guidelines of the Organization’s IT Security Directives and NIST Special Publication 800-53 Revision 4 Standards.  Performed the role of Security Control Assessor on General Support Systems (GSS), Major Applications and Systems to ensure that such environments are operating within strong security posture.  Create ATO package documents; SSP, SAR and POAM based on the security assessments performed on systems.  Create System Security Plans, Risk Assessment, Security Assessment Report and Plan of Action & Milestones Report and Authorizing Official’s Briefing Report.   Apply appropriate information security control for Federal Information System based on NIST 800-37 rev1, SP 800-53 rev4, FIPS 199, FIPS 200 and OMB A-130 Appendix III.   Update IT security policies, procedures, standards, and guidelines according to department and federal requirements.  Reviewed and updated some of the system categorization using FIPS 199.  Created and updated Contingency plans and Disaster recovery plans for information systems using NIST SP 800 – 34.  Carried continuous monitoring after authorization (ATO) to ensure continuous compliance with the security requirements. Information Security Analyst State of Maryland - Baltimore, MD June 2012 to March 2014 Perform security risk assessments, developed security risk mitigation recommendations, and identified security controls for systems, and networks.  Develop and modify Organization’s Security Policies, Standards, Processes and Procedures.  Formulate security assessment reports and recommendations for mitigating vulnerabilities and exploits in the system.  Perform the Assessment & Accreditation (A&A) on General Support Systems (GSS), Major Applications and Systems to ensure that such environments are operating within strong security posture.  Perform Security Assessments to determine if controls were implemented correctly, operating as normal and meeting desired objectives.  Create ATO package documents; SSP, RA, SAR, POAM reports, etc., based on the security assessments performed on systems.  Perform the role of Security Control Assessor by reviewing the artifacts and implementations statements provided by the ISSO on a system to determine if the security controls are being met. Database Administrator Maryland Department of Corrections - Jessup, MD January 2010 to March 2011 Planning, installation, configuration, management and troubleshooting of Oracle 8i,10g databases on Linux and Windows OS  Expertise in the creation of databases, table spaces, tables, indexes and other database objects.  Installed and manage Oracle Enterprise Manager.  Installed and configure relevant network components to ensure database access as well as database consistency and integrity  Troubleshoot and resolve various Oracle connectivity problems.  Provided network troubleshooting and administrative support for the development staff.  Installation and management of Oracle database using database control  Created and manage documentation on the configuration and support of the Oracle databases  Performed bulk load into the database using SQL Loader  Performed standard and fine grain database auditing.  Updates Records of Inmates Intakes and Releases in the Database  Track Inmates movement within and outside the correctional Institution in the Database  Collation of Institutional Count to be reported to the Shift Commandant and the Security Chief and the Warden of the Correctional Facility  Conduct Institutional count that leads to State of Maryland Prison count for the Secretary, Department of Corrections  Ensure daily backups for restore and recovery of Database of detainees records   Move court ordered Inmates to Selected Drug Programs for proper housing Security Analyst Education BSC, Computer Network & Security in Computer Network & Security University of Maryland University College, Baltimore. MD - Baltimore, MD 2016 to 2019 High School Diploma in Social Science Ezekiel Private College. Iju Ishaga, Lagos Nigeria - Lagos 1998 to 2001 Skills Analysis and implementation of information security infrastructure framework. Monitoring the use of data files and establishing access-control criteria to safeguard information system. Performing security oversight on Information Systems to ensure compliance of security Policies and Procedures. Perform comprehensive assessments and write reviews of management, operational and technical security controls on information systems. Knowledge of cryptography, enterprise risk assessment, and intrusion technologies. Maintain effective interpersonal relationships with colleagues to facilitate a productive and friendly team. Ability to multi-task, work independently and as part of a team. Develop, review and evaluate System Security Plan based on NIST Special Publication Guidelines. Implement Network & System Security, Authentication and Access Control. (4 years), security (4 years), HTML, testing (4 years), access, Sharepoint, Microsoft Office, Active Directory, training, SQL Certifications/Licenses ORACLE Certified Associates (OCA), Certified Authorization Professional (CAP) - in view Present An Information Security Analyst with four years experience and in-depth knowledge of Risk Management Framework (RMF) using NIST SP 800 -18, 30, 37, 53 revs 1&4, 53a rev 4, 60 and 137.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1378.html#422:::Director of Project Management & Market Research;self-employment;Business Consultant;Database Administrator;Systems Analyst;Data visualization;Data analysis;Database;Database design;Ms access;Relational database;Sql;Java;Tableau;C++;Content management;Html;Python;System integration;Visio;Requirements analysis;Use case;Correlation analysis;Rdbms;Minitab:::Director of Project Management & Market Research Director of Project Management &amp; Market Research Director of Project Management & Market Research - Phello Work Experience Director of Project Management & Market Research Phello - Rochester, NY August 2017 to Present * Built a scalable go-to-market strategy for Phello for a target customer base of 100,000 members  * Drove platform functionality and optimization by delivering high quality software specifications documentation to development and marketing teams respectively  * Reengineered the customer lifecycle management with business process models and recommended appropriate  software solutions to automate the platform based on customer market insights (derived through online surveys, stakeholder interviews, competitor reports)  * Evaluated performance of ongoing marketing campaigns, and main Phello landing pages by generating insight reports  using analytics and CRM platforms(Google Analytics, Campaign Monitor, Sendgrid, Bullhorn)  * Provided recommendations for optimizing branding and marketing strategies through data visualization and statistical  analysis by converting complex data from multiple reports into understandable tables, graphs, and written documents to present to the executives  * Managed Phello's backend database, frontend user interface and customer support, knowledge base and social media  marketing initiatives by providing insights on best practices, current software industry trends, email campaign  deliverability/open/click metrics, and niche market customer requirements Realistic Technologies March 2018 to May 2018 for the National Airspace System) which is an effort within NASA to develop an on-demand air traffic simulation capability (Spring 2018)  * Scientific Research: Female Entrepreneurs - Evaluated trends in entrepreneurship through analysis on gender using  research publications and applying both formal and informal sources of business funding to illustrate how this concept self-employment September 2017 to November 2017 St. John Fisher College June 2017 to August 2017 Repetitive Rebellion - Analyzed and drafted the proposal for Repetitive Rebellion app, by St. John Fisher College, an innovation that incorporates physiological self-regulation with strategies for behavioral change (video games). It makes  therapy personal, agile and interactive (Spring 2017)  * Sentiment Analysis on Smoking Induced Cancer in US - Kaggle dataset used for Tobacco Consumption in US from 1995- Business Consultant Saunders Consulting Group - Rochester, NY January 2017 to May 2017 * Improved time to market by 20% for Rochester Regional Healthcare's rental services via market research and opportunity analysis for Durable Medical Equipment (DME) rental service  * Recommended process improvements through business process modelling (BPMN) to define the hyper targeted  market for commercialization of Access Technology, developed and marketed by Rochester Institute of Technology  * Drafted the proposal for BadJam, Rochester Regional Healthcare, a joint venture with Durable Medical Equipment  companies, to offer a regional and ultimately national, network of Durable Medical Equipment (DME) with standardized products and as per customer requirements Database Administrator Rosmerta Technologies Ltd December 2013 to December 2015 Performed regional resource allocation and inventory management post requirements gathering to generate simplified  reports through client interviews, document analysis and process models for enabling lean business operations across the organization  * On time deployment of ERP software in collaboration with the development team, for e-governance and transport  solutions, that saved $100,000 on overall national project through improved inventory management, consistency and accessibility of data  * Coordinated project goals between management and multiple teams for deploying HSRP (High Security Resolution  Plates) at a national level, 3 months ahead of schedule and within budget constraints Systems Analyst Hindustan Computers Limited - Noida, Uttar Pradesh October 2012 to December 2013 Served as a change agent by monitoring and optimizing database functionality, communication system design, storage  area networks and server configurations for Johnson & Johnson  * Developed a new analytics report that enabled onsite and offsite agents to view key statistics from multiple monitoring  sources in one concise format hence reducing the time for database risk management  * Amplified system efficiency by 15%, within 6 months, via database monitoring tool (Hedgehog) on all client servers Tableau, R Studio 2010 to 2010 Objectives- To visualize tobacco trends, perform correlation and a twitter sentiment analysis regarding smoking.  Tools used- Tableau, R Studio, Excel (Fall 2016) Education MBA in Management Information Systems & Marketing Rochester Institute of Technology - Rochester, NY January 2016 to May 2018 BS in Computer Science Engineering Gautam Buddh Technical University - Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh July 2008 to June 2012 Skills Data visualization, Data analysis, Database, Database design, Ms access, Relational database, Sql, Java, Tableau, C++, Content management, Html, Python, System integration, Visio, Requirements analysis, Use case, Correlation analysis, Rdbms, Minitab
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1379.html#423:::Database Developer/Analyst;BI Developer;Junior Database Developer/Report Developer;MS SQL & SSRS Developer (Office Support Associate & Record Administrator);Office Support Associate & Record Administrator;DATABASE ENGINE;DATA MODELING;DATABASE;MICROSOFT ACCESS;SQL SERVER:::Database Developer/Analyst <span class="hl">Database</span> Developer/Analyst Database Developer/Analyst - BCBSIL Villa Park, IL Professional SQL/BI Developer seeking an opportunity where my skills, experience and education will contribute to a company's overall success. Work Experience Database Developer/Analyst BCBSIL - Chicago, IL April 2019 to Present This position supports the risk adjustment program as part of the implementation of the requirements of the Affordable Care Act overseen by the Actuarial Department. I am responsible for the planning, development, analysis, and implementation of procedures and/or processes to ensure accurate claims and enrollment data are submitted to the government.  Primary duties included but not limited to:  • Performed data analysis, data profiling and research to support business initiatives or solve data issues.  • Manipulated large data sets and interpreted results using data aggregation functions.  • Validated data to ensure accuracy, quality and integrity.  • Performed unit acceptance testing of solutions developed by IT team.  • Performed post-implementation verification after project deployment.  • Wrote SQL queries to illustrate the issue or test the solutions.  • Assisted in the documentation of business processes.  • Used SQL programming (DDLs, DMLs, aggregate/window aggregate/ordered analytical functions) in the creation and maintenance of the data mart.  • Used complex correlated subqueries, recursive queries, stored procedures to support the data mart.    PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE BI Developer Redbox, Oakbrook, IL March 2018 to March 2019 As a BI consultant provided end-to-end services for migration of SQL Server data warehouse to Amazon Redshift.    Projects summaries and responsibilities are elaborated below:  • As a BI developer in the Redbox provided frontline support to all BI end-users and other stakeholders, troubleshoots issues, implemented enhancements, streamlined processes, and proactively monitored the jobs and performance of BI applications.  • Worked on migrating from SQL Data warehouse to Amazon Redshift with S3 storage and monitored the performance of those processes.  • Extensively used SSIS ZappySys for loading data to Redshift.  • Provided technical support to Bigdata team to transfer data from SQL data warehouse to Redshift. Resolved all the jobs failure because of the data issues.  • Involved in all activities related to the development, implementation, administration and support of ETL processes for large scales data warehouses.  • Diagnosed, addressed, and resolved production issues by providing technical support for BI end-users during business hours and occasionally after-hours support as needed.  • Imported, exported and manipulated large data sets in multi-billion-row databases under tight deadlines.  • Worked on flat files and their associated data for rapid delivery to clients or loading onto internal databases.  • Involved in enhancements and maintenance activities of the data warehouse including performance tuning, rewriting of stored procedures for code enhancements.  • Created a list of the inconsistencies in the data load on the client side to review and correct the issues on their side.    PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Junior Database Developer/Report Developer Echo Global Logistics - Chicago, IL February 2017 to September 2017 Junior Database/ Report Developer in the Echo Global Logistics Data team, contributed to database management of large-scale web-based applications to enable Echo's business while supporting architectural vision of quality, scalability, performance and function.    Projects summaries and responsibilities are elaborated below:  Refactor Project  • Refactored the most inefficient reports to increase the efficiency & productivity by replacing the text queries on all Reports with the Stored Procedure (SP).  • Analyzed reports, collected the data metrics like number of executions, subscriptions, status on those executions, date of last run, status on users, render type, parent/child dependencies, etc.  • Created & ran the test cases on these existing reports prior to the refactoring.  • Debugged the reports that were not working due to deprecated SPs, missing parameter's values or no default / incorrect default values and no values in data filters.  • Found broken SPs due to; deprecated tables, missing schemas, or referencing to missing tables or databases.  • Gathered and identified business requirements to set functional specifications, design, implement, test, and deploy a solution for reporting applications.  • Developed stored procedures, queries and views necessary to support SSRS reports.    DeadEndCode Project:  • Encountered database warnings and errors at build time due to various reasons, which contributes to more time for overall build and adds complexity to the build and release cycle; eliminated errors and minimized warnings. Worked with several teams such as DevOps, QA, and other development teams to address these issues, eliminated all the errors and brought the warnings in the Visual Studio down to zero for most of these projects.  • Researched all incomplete code resulting in errors within the boundaries of scope. There were total of 17 databases and over 1,000 objects involved in this project.  • Started resolving Object/Code dependencies and other issues and QA tested.    Performance Tracking Process:  • Moved a file from FTP to the shared drive and imported it into a database; database allows HR to track employee changes and see what impact it has on their ability to perform their job. This data will be used for analysis and reporting by the Strategic Analytics Team for HR.  • Extracted the csv file from FTP server by using SSIS Package.  • Cleaned and scrubbed the data according to our requirement.  • Imported the data from the csv file to the Stage table.  • Loaded data from the stage table to SQL Server HR database. MS SQL & SSRS Developer (Office Support Associate & Record Administrator) Northeastern Illinois University - Chicago, IL October 2013 to January 2017 As a part of the Record Management team, my role requires a broad range of skills and the ability to step into different roles depending on the size and scope of the projects.    Projects summaries and responsibilities are elaborated below:  • Developed different type of reports including: Major/Minor Declaration Reports, Advisee per Advisor Reports, Graduated per semester Reports, Enrollment Count Reports, Transfer Student Reports, Student Status Report, Active Students Reports etc. by using SSRS and SQL Server 2008R2/2012.  • Generated SSIS Packages to export and import Vendor Invoices data from CSV files, Text files and Excel Spreadsheets by using various control flow task and data flow transformation.  • Involved in designing High Level of ETL Packages for integrating data using OLE DB connection from heterogeneous sources like (Excel, CSV, Oracle, flat file, Text Format Data) by using multiple transformations provided by SSIS such as Data Conversion, Conditional Split, Merge, For Loop, Container, and Derived Columns.  • Worked on Data Cleansing, Data Scrubbing and Data Migration.  • Developed Data Dictionary. Documented and maintained database system specifications, diagrams, and charts. Office Support Associate & Record Administrator Northeastern Illinois University - Chicago, IL June 2009 to September 2013 Primary duties included but not limited to:  • Developed university-wide databases for various departments to streamline data entry and maintaining the databases using Microsoft Access including forms, filters, reports, tables, and queries.  • Used extensively Joins and sub-queries for complex queries involving multiple tables from different databases. Used aggregate strategies to aggregate data.  • Used extensively MS Excel to do data analysis and created graphs and charts in Excel showing trends over a time and presented to the higher management.  • Worked with business users, programmers, testing staff, and database administrators to develop database requirements, test plans and database schemas to transition MS Access databases to SQL Server. Education Master of Computer Science in Computer Science Northeastern Illinois University - Chicago, IL Skills DATABASE ENGINE, DATA MODELING, DATABASE, MICROSOFT ACCESS, SQL SERVER
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\138.html#424:::Oracle Database Administrator;Database Administrator;Oracle DBA;Database Skills: Databases Oracle11g/10g/9i/8i, MS SQL Server 2005 and MySQL Cluster Database Oracle RAC 10g R2, 11g R1 and 11g R2 Administration Tools OEM, TOAD, Grid Control Storage System ASM (Automatic Storage Management), VERITAS VxVM, NFS Backup RMAN, Export, Data Pump ETL Tools Data Stage, Informatica Data Modeling Tools Erwin DR Database Physical Standby (Data Guard) Tuning AWR, ADDM, Statspack, DBMS_SQLTUNE and DBMS_SPM Querying/Reporting SQL*Plus, SQL/PLSQL Scripting UNIX, Shell, AWK, SED Operating Systems UNIX, Linux, Redhat, SuSe, Sun Solaris, Windows 2008/2003 Server. Apps/Tools Oracle Enterprise Manager, SSH, Microsoft Project, Oracle SQL Developer Networking LAN/WAN architecture, TCP/IP, Internet/Intranet, Ethernet, Client/Server, Client/Server/Web:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle DBA Bowie, MD Daniel is a highly skilled professional with 5 years experience in managing Oracle Database systems. Results driven Database Administrator that fosters trust, integrity & respect within team to accomplish all tasks. Uses Leadership skills to motivate others to perform their duties and work toward common objectives.  • Focuses on Customer satisfaction by providing superior service, responding to customers needs and seeking/acting on service improvement opportunities. Coordinates work activities by managing time and resources so that work objectives are accomplished on time. Presents information effectively in formal and informal settings to individuals and groups by encouraging productive communication. Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Chaveran Inc. - Bowie, MD 2011 to Present ? Respond to ITS hotline calls on issues related to any databases.  ? Generated internal DBA team documents including problem resolutions documents, lessons learned documents, how to documents and basic knowledge transfer documents.   ? Configured Grid Control along with configuring FGAC (Fine Grain Audit Control).  ? Managing Golden Gate manager process and extract groups using GGSCI commands.  ? Installed/maintained Data Guard.  ? Deployed Oracle Critical Patch Update (CPU), one-off patches and Bug fixes when applicable to LOC to ensure a stable and robust Oracle environment  ? Installed Oracle software on newly created servers in support of the infrastructure enhancements  ? Create Oracle database instances using DBCA to conform to Oracle's optimal flexible architecture (OFA) standards  ? Create and manage tablespaces (datafiles), redo logs, controlfiles on Windows and Linux platforms  ? Configure Oracle Enterprise Manager  ? Maintain data integrity, managing profiles, resources and password security  ? Create and manage Users, privileges and roles and create tables for developers  ? Setting up range, list, hash and interval partitions for performance  ? Creating indexes on fields that are used most often for search criteria  ? Using set timing on and autotrace to figure out explain plans, running parallel DDL and DMLS   ? Configure Oracle networking components such as the listener, TNS names and other connection protocols for the Oracle client  ? Use RMAN to perform full and incremental backups   ? Use traditional and datapump utilities to facilitate cross platforms restore operations   ? Program enhancements including data editing, data conversion, SQL Loader    Environment: RedHat Linux, Oracle10g/11g, MySQL, Oracle 11g R2 RAC, ASM, Oracle Streams, Oracle Grid Control, Golden Gate 11.1, Dataguard. Database Administrator U.S Security, NJ - Jersey City, NJ 2009 to 2011 ? Created and modified shell scripts to perform daily, weekly, monthly jobs that parsed security logs for violations of internal policies   ? Participated in development and deployment of technology-based systems  ? Involved with proactive capacity planning in terms of memory and system storage resource allocation  ? Installed database software, patched and upgraded development and test servers  ? Created tables for developers. Implemented backup procedures using RMAN for Oracle databases and test regularly in conjunction with Operations. Extensively used SQL Plus for Querying/Reporting.  ? Install, setup and configuration of physical Standby Database using Data Guard. Performed encrypted RMAN backups.   ? Provided remote database support for Users using SSH and terminal services   ? Managed the customer table.    Environment: RHEL 3.0/4.0, Solaris 9, Oracle 11g/10g, RMAN, Golden Gate 10.4, Data Guard, TOAD, OEM, Shell scripting. Oracle DBA A Buck & a Dream Company - Jersey City, NJ 2007 to 2009 ? Automated frequent administration tasks for production, test, development  ? Documented all security practices and created daily management reports  ? Provided on the spot troubleshooting and monitoring using Oracle tools and/or third party tools  ? Responsible for identifying, analyzing and executing new initiatives and strategies  ? Responded and adjusted to multiple demands, shifting priorities, ambiguity and rapid changes in the work environment  ? Improved company knowledge through professional development programs and implemented appropriate facility department needs effectively.    Environment: Redhat Linux Enterprise Server, Oracle 10g/9i, RMAN, OEM and Shell scripting. Education Associate in General Science ESSEX Community College - Newark, NJ 2011 Skills Database Skills: Databases Oracle11g/10g/9i/8i, MS SQL Server 2005 and MySQL Cluster Database Oracle RAC 10g R2, 11g R1 and 11g R2 Administration Tools OEM, TOAD, Grid Control Storage System ASM (Automatic Storage Management), VERITAS VxVM, NFS Backup RMAN, Export, Data Pump ETL Tools Data Stage, Informatica Data Modeling Tools Erwin DR Database Physical Standby (Data Guard) Tuning AWR, ADDM, Statspack, DBMS_SQLTUNE and DBMS_SPM Querying/Reporting SQL*Plus, SQL/PLSQL Scripting UNIX, Shell, AWK, SED Operating Systems UNIX, Linux, Redhat, SuSe, Sun Solaris, Windows 2008/2003 Server. Apps/Tools Oracle Enterprise Manager, SSH, Microsoft Project, Oracle SQL Developer Networking LAN/WAN architecture, TCP/IP, Internet/Intranet, Ethernet, Client/Server, Client/Server/Web Additional Information Areas of Expertise  • Database administration Oracle 11g, 10g  • Oracle Platforms Linux, Unix, Windows  • Implementation of New Features  • Cross platform migration Implementation  • Disaster Recovery Procedures  • Oracle upgrade implementation
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1380.html#425:::Database Administrator;Database Administrator;Junior Database Administrator;Sql Dba;Sql Server;DBA:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator - Maxim Healthcare Services Alexandria, VA A Microsoft Certified Database Administrator with progressive 5+ years of experience on  installing, configuring, managing and supporting numerous mission-critical 24/7  enterprise-level SQL Server databases. Proficient in administering database servers both  on-premises and cloud-based (Microsoft Azure and Amazon Web Services/AWS)  computing solutions. Dependable and skilled at building relationships and communication  with other teams, administration, and management personnel across all levels of an  organization to deliver improved user experience. Currently looking for an exciting and  challenging position as Database Administrator in a stable fast-paced environment. Work Experience Database Administrator Maxim Healthcare Services January 2017 to Present Key achievements:  • Configured and administering 150+ Microsoft SQL Server instances with 500+  databases both in on-premise and cloud VMs.  • Migrated and upgraded multiple SQL 2000, SQL 2005, SQL 2008 and SQL 2008R2  databases to SQL Server 2017 instances installed in Windows Server 2016.  • Received a recognition award for taking a lead on a department-wide initiative of standardizing our naming conventions for Windows Server VMs, SQL Server named  instances, Databases, and SQL Agent maintenance jobs to reduce operational  complexity.  • Installed and configured more than 100 SQL Server instances with SQL Server  Integration Services (SSIS) and/or SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) depending on business requirements.  • Created and maintained over 45 documentations for such as DBA's automated systems,  system configurations, server inventory spreadsheets, processes and upgrade  implementations.  • Provided insightful recommendations for underperforming applications, which involved  index optimizations, changing transaction isolation levels, table partitioning and file  group modifications which resulted in high-performance improvements.  • Designed and implemented comprehensive Backup plans and disaster recovery  strategies.  • Installed, configured and maintained HA &DR techniques such as AlwaysOn (with TDE),  Replication (Snapshot and Transactional), Mirroring and Logshipping in production  servers.  • Evaluated and deployed third-party database monitoring tools including Solarwinds  DPA, Spotlight and Scom.  • Extensively monitored database engines, and fine-tuned queries using OS and SQL  Server native tools including Performance Monitor (Perfmon), Event Viewer, SQL Error  Logs, DMVs, Extended Events, Activity Monitor and SQL Server Profiler.  • Prepared and lead ongoing training sessions for entry/Jr level DBAs by creating and using a standardized onboarding process. The training sessions include DBA best  practices, SQL Server technical knowledge and skills, performance tuning and automated systems.  • Implemented data encryption and security using Transparent Data Encryption (TDE),  row-level security (RLS) and dynamic data masking (DDM). Database Administrator University of Gondar September 2014 to October 2016 Key achievements:  • Worked in coordination with system administrators to make sure all SQL servers are  patched with the latest service packs using SCCM.  • Proactively monitored system resource usages such as memory, disk spaces, and CPU  utilization, and took necessary actions including requesting the system administrators to add more resources and/or resolving bottlenecks.  • Monitored the growth of data files and log files of mission-critical application databases  and recommended best practices on how to deal with autogrowth operations. By doing  this, I was able to eliminate the performance issues related to autogrowth of data files  including tempdb files.  • Proactively monitored SQL Server Agent jobs by creating automated checkers and job  notifications, and resolved any failures as soon as they occurred.  • Using Index Tuning Wizard, adopted the best indexing options and best practices for several mission-critical applications and were able to successfully eliminated deadlocks  and blockings from happing for most of the applications.  • Created maintenance plans to regularly backup user databases following the application's SLAs, integrity checks, index optimizations including update statistics, etc.  • Controlled access permissions and privileges by applying the principle of 'least privilege'  while authenticating logins and authorizing users.  • Conducted regular instance and database level auditing on mission-critical database  instances to track security-related events such as failed logins and role membership  changes using server/ database audit specifications. Junior Database Administrator Hawassa University January 2013 to September 2014 Key achievements:    • In a regular basis, performed database backups for production servers and restored  them into lower environment servers to verify backups for database corruptions. By  doing this, we were able to resolve some database corruption issues before they turned into more serious problems and impacted the applications.  • Recovered databases, database files and filegroups from backups in events of disasters  by implementing point-in-time recovery.  • Performed database Refreshes from production environments to lower level  environments for testing and development purposes on a weekly basis as well as based  on-demand requests.  ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~  Tools:    • Database Monitoring Tools: Spotlight, Solar winds (DPA), Scom.  • Backup and Restore Tool: CommVault.  • Ticket Management Tools: Service-now, Remedy.  • Project Management and Communication Tools: TFS, VSTS, SLACK. Education Bachelor's degree Hawassa University Skills Sql Dba, Sql Server, DBA
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1381.html#426:::Senior IOS Developer;IOS Developer;IOS Developer;Ios Developer;Junior Ios Developer;Programmer/Analyst;Database Administrator;ADOBE AIR;IOS;MVC;OBJECTIVE-C;SOAP;XCODE;C#;C++;Git;HTML;JENKINS;JSON;OBJECT ORIENTED;OBJECT ORIENTED PROGRAMMING;PHP;Subversion;SVN;SWIFT;XML;JIRA:::Senior IOS Developer Senior IOS Developer Senior IOS Developer - Bcuniversal Media, Llc Bentonville, AR • 6+ years plus information technology experience including Xcode, Swift, and Objective-C.  • 5 iOS mobile apps published to the App Store.  • Able to develop UI designs by design team using Interface Builder, StoryBoards and XIBS as well as programmatic development in Swift and Objective-C.  • Experience in designing & developing User Interface applications, integrating with various Databases and Client-Server applications in iPhone/iPad application development using Objective-C, C++, Swift, Cocoa Touch, UIKit, (OOA&OOD) .SQL, Cocoa Bindings, Core animation custom controls and object-oriented programming Implemented design and functionality using MVVM architectural patterns, various design patters on a framework of RxSwift.  • Used the same XIB & Storyboards to design for iPhone 5 and older iPhones by using Auto-layout.  • Designed as a universal application for iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch Developed project related documentation: System Requirements Document, Application Connection Template, Code Clearance Document, Test Cases, etc.  • Used Storyboards and Auto Layout to implement UI/UX design working closely with UX designer.  • Experience working in multicultural Agile Scrum environments with both local and remote teams.  • Experience in programming languages like Swift and Objective -C  • Worked with team of 50+ developers and managers in an Agile environment  • Experience integrating with multiple RESTful web services and parsing JSON responses  • Experienced in working with data parsing forms such as XML and JSON, to dynamically display data on iPhone/iPad.  • Worked with QA leads, graphic design leads, project managers to effectively develop applications.  • Solid understanding and use of various iOS frameworks such as: UIKit, MapKit, CoreLocation, AVFoundation, MKAnnotations, Analyzed customer requirements and created a project plan and functional analysis for the design of the application.  • Vista, Windows 7 and Windows 8,Unix and Linux.  • Fully expertise in iOS SDK, Objective-C, X-code and its framework.  • Experience in iOS development using Swift 4, Objective-C and Cocoa development for iPhone and iPad devices in Xcode 12.x, Interface builder-UIKit, Cocoa Touch.  • Worked with Push Notifications to receive important park news.  • Proficient in source control with Git, Stash, SourceTree, SVN.  • Worked closely with various departments to ensure that our iOS mobile app delivers the greatest experience to the end user.  • Solved major defects in iOS mobile app navigation controller behavior using Swift.  • Performed visual QA on layouts on both iOS and Android to ensure pixel-perfect implementation  • Previously implemented CoreData and SQLite for local and remote data storage; minor experience with iCloud.  • Designed and Developed persistent data layer using Core Data for iOS.  • Good with pushing, pulling, committing and resolving merge conflicts. Work Experience Senior IOS Developer Bcuniversal Media, Llc - New York, NY March 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Worked in an agile environment with daily scrum meetings and bi-weekly sprint meetings (Sprint Planning, and Sprint Grooming).  • Implemented sitecatalyst to track all behaviors of user.  • Worked in Swift coding in Xcode, and improved app scalability and performance by transitioning codebase to RxSwift codebase and implemented RxCocoa for frameworks and dependency management.  • Implemented various OOP practices including MVVM architecture and KVO and Singleton patterns.  • Worked on UI using Xcode, Interface Builder, and Xibs and programmatic development in Swift.  • Worked with Swift 3 and Swift 4 in the implementation of the mobile app.  • Utilized AlamoFire for back-end networking to consume RESTful web services and parsed with NSJSONSerialization and placed into model objects.  • Worked with Storyboards to refactor several UI layouts based off wireframes to heighten the user experience  • Worked with Storyboards, Size Classes and AutoLayout constraints for graceful orientation handling and support for various iPhone and iPad devices  • Asynchronously fetched server data while maintaining a responsive user experience.  • Adapted Core Animation and CALayer to crop and animate images over videos.  • AV Foundation implementation- AV Audio Player Class for the Pig's audio available.  • Used SDWebImage for image caching and downloading.  • All web communications are performed in background threads to enhance performance and the user experience.  • Utilized GCD/NSOperation multithreading techniques for downloading images on background thread so as to not lock up the UI and ongoing animations.  • Implemented logic to connect to server in order to download document data using GCD    Environment: Swift 4, Swift 3, AlamoFire, SnapKit, Agile, Scrum, Sprint Planning, Spring Grooming (Backlog Refinement), Daily Scrums, Xcode, BitBucket, SourceTree, Git, Source Code, MVVM, Design Pattern, Architectural Pattern, JIRA, VersionOne, AlamoFire, InVision, OneNote, Slack, Kingfisher, Yellow Path tokens, Green Path Tokens, Apple Pay Push Provisioning, Closures, Notification center, XCTest, Nimble, FS Calendar, Deep linking, JSON Object, SwiftyJSON, GitHub, Terminal, Postman IOS Developer Regal Cinemas - Knoxville, TN January 2017 to March 2018 Responsibilities:  • Worked in an agile environment with daily scrum meetings and bi-weekly sprint meetings (Sprint Planning, and Sprint Grooming).  • Worked in Swift and Objective-C, including converting from Swift 3 to Swift 4.  • Worked on payment integration with Stripe.  • Redesigned UI with iOS 11 look and feel and implemented changes in graphics provided by UX designers.  • Customize UIElements, UIActionsheet, UIAlertView, UItableView, UICollectionView,  • Formatted the Data as per Business rule to display in UI.  • Worked with Storyboards, Size Classes and AutoLayout constraints for graceful orientation handling and support for various iPhone and iPad devices  • Worked extensively on Tableviewcontroller and Scroll Views to make customized table view cells according to the requirement.  • Used Quartz Core and Core Graphics I development of user interface along with Interface Builder/Storyboards and Auto Layout.  • Worked with UIKit Framework for development and maintenance of the applications at hand.  • Proposed and developed mockups based on Apple HIG. Adopted the design theme across all three applications.  • The iOS team worked in Agile Scrum methods and I participated in Sprint planning and Sprint retrospective; we did 2-week sprints and daily scrums.  • Used Jenkins CI for continuous integration and tested on emulators and devices using Jenkins.  • Managed the Git code base using SourceTree, and used Atlassian JIRA for issue tracking, stories and epics and Confluence for documentation.    Environment: Swift 4, Swift 3, Objective-C, Xcode, Agile, Instruments, REST APIs, Auto Layout, Storyboards, Interface Builder, Git, GitHub, Jenkins, CI, UIKit IOS Developer Wyndham Hotel Group - Troy Hills, NJ February 2016 to January 2017 Responsibilities:  • iOS Development in Xcode with Swift and Objective-C  • Recommended and led migration of Objective-C codebase to Swift 2.3.  • Resolved memory leaks by using the Allocations and Memory Leaks instruments, and narrowing down where retain cycles were being created.  • Added ability to login with Touch ID, using Local Authentication.  • Using Interface Builder and AutoLayout to develop user interfaces based on specs provided by UI/UX team.  • Used Git for source control, and tracked all code on GitHub, doing pull requests and creating branches.  • Created various table views, customized views and pop overs.  • Worked with Navigation controllers, Navigation Bars & Tab Bars.  • Designed and developed dynamic views to create the front-end of app.  • Reworked the user settings page, using AutoLayout and NSUserDefaults.  • Invoked RESTful web service calls using AFNetworking framework; POC's made in Swift with native NSURLSession as well as with AlamoFire  • Used TDD which includes the Unit test cases for each class to increase the App quality.  • Worked on security of the user by saving the details in Keychain Services.  • Continuously provide input to project management activities throughout the project life cycle, influencing scope, risk plan, project plan, issues and status.  • Profiled the application extensively using Instruments to improve performance throughout multiple sprints.    Environment: Swift, Objective-C, Xcode, Agile, Instruments, REST API, Auto Layout, Storyboards, Interface Builder, Git, GitHub, CI, LAuthentication Ios Developer By Prudential Savings Bank - Philadelphia, PA May 2015 to February 2016 Responsibilities:  • Implemented this new iOS app in Swift 1.2 using Xcode IDE using Bitbucket to manage Git code repository.  • Native iOS application developed in MVVM architecture using Xcode, Interface Builder, and Xibs.  • Consumed RESTful web services, implementing Alamofire on Swift for back-end communications and parsed JSON with NSJSONSERIALIZATION.  • Used of size classes available in Xcode 6 Ide, and took advantage of the extra space provided by the iPad in order to display more content.  • Took part in full Software Development Lifecycle of multiple applications from concept to production.  • Fixed bugs when found by QA and documented the issues and fixes in Jira.  • Fixed bugs using GDB/LLDB utilized Instruments, Crash Logs, LLDB statements, NSLog statements, and Breakpoints to resolve various issues and bugs brought to attention by QA team.  • Used SDWebImage for image handling and GCD to thread images and network communication on background threads.  • Information using encryption AES 256 to store the information.  • Implemented push notifications by creating Apple Push Notification Services (APNS) certificates.  • Tested all versions of the app using TestFlight and submitted fixed/updated versions to the App Store.  • Fixed defects as needed during the QA phase, support QA testing, troubleshoot defects and identify the source of defects.  • Worked extensively on table view controller and made customized table view cells according to the client Pre-fetching data for different views for smooth screen transitioning.  • Created test cases for the QA testers, and worked with the testers to ensure effective testing, and implement fixes and follow-ups.  • Shared best practices and improved processes within and across sprint teams.  • Maintained the business standards and requirements and ensured proper adherence by iOS development team.  • Key contributor to brainstorming sessions for iOS app enhancements features and fixes.    Environment: Swift, Xcode, Agile, Instruments, REST APIs, Auto Layout, Storyboards, Interface Builder, Size Classes Git, Bitbucket, JIRA, XCTest Junior Ios Developer By Autozone, Inc - Memphis, TN June 2014 to May 2015 Responsibilities:  • Worked with an on-site development team which worked with project manager and product owners and scrum master following an Agile Scrum methodology.  • The iOS app team used Xcode as the IDE and development was done in Xcode codebase.  • The iOS mobile app team used Jira and Confluence with code base in GitHub repository.  • Used Objective-C with Xcode to develop new features and bugfixes for the iOS app.  • Implemented the memory mapping, memory management and app performance.  • Invoked RESTful service requests using NSURLSession, NSJSONSerialization used to parse JSON responses.  • Designed and developed context sharing mechanism to support internal modules in project using Objective-C.  • Participated in full life cycle of iOS Application Development which included testing on device and simulator as well.  • Implemented dynamic feature flags for new features in development.  • Project managed using Agile/Scrum techniques; code delivered in 2 week sprints.  • Worked with Objective C and Cocoa framework, which includes UIKit Foundation and Core Location.  • Utilized Core Data for persistence of data and used versioning for data changes.  • Participated in daily scrum meetings to discuss the progress in the sprints.  • Used MRR and keeping track of reference counts before availability of Automatic Reference Count (ARC).  • Built parts of the data access layer and service access layer.    Environment: Objective-C, Xcode, Agile, Instruments, REST APIs, Auto Layout, Storyboards, Interface Builder, Size Classes Git, Github, JIRA, XCTest, EventKit Programmer/Analyst Egov Jamaica, Ltd May 2013 to June 2014 Responsibilities:  • Played an integral cross section of roles, including Business and Quality Analyst, to support the development and implementation of a high quality Public Employees' Pension Administration System (PEPAS) for the Government of Jamaica. •Facilitated user/tester training sessions for UAT and implementation.  • Tested application against requirements and proposed fixes.  • Prepared developer sensitization material to support maintenance. Database Administrator Ministry of Economic Growth & Job Creation - JM September 2012 to May 2013 Responsibilities:  • Responsible for maintaining several MS SQL & MySQL databases. Developed and maintained in-house mobile, desktop & web applications as well as customized open source software solutions. Performed system administrator and IT support tasks including repairs, Windows Server and Microsoft Exchange administration. Tested application against requirements and proposed fixes.  • Drafted software development standards document.  • Improved shared service delivery by managing and implementing ICT environments of government offices following government shift.  • Reduced claims processing time by developing tracking application to support the Ministry's travel documentation compliance initiative.  • Improved disaster resilience by developing data backup policies and implementing automated backup procedures. Education BSC in COMPUTING & INFORMATION University of Technology Skills ADOBE AIR, IOS, MVC, OBJECTIVE-C, SOAP, XCODE, C#, C++, Git, HTML, JENKINS, JSON, OBJECT ORIENTED, OBJECT ORIENTED PROGRAMMING, PHP, Subversion, SVN, SWIFT, XML, JIRA
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1382.html#427:::Primary DBA for 1GB - 2.5TB database for 24/7 support;Oracle AES APPLICATION DATA ENGINEER SERVICES;Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Junior DBA;DATABASE (7 years);databases (7 years);ORACLE (7 years);RMAN (6 years);SQL (1 year);Oracle Dba:::Primary DBA for 1GB - 2.5TB database for 24/7 support Primary DBA for 1GB - 2.5TB <span class="hl">database</span> for 24/7 support Primary DBA for 1GB - 2.5TB database for 24/7 support Sterling Heights, MI Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Primary DBA for 1GB - 2.5TB database for 24/7 support BOEING - Troy, MI March 2016 to Present - Troy, MI - March 2016 to Present  * I Support more than 2500 databases including development/test/production sizes up to 4 TB for 24/7.  * I carry on relinking after an OS upgrade to bring up services and link bind variables.  * I Upgrade databases from 10g to 11g (11.2.0.3 to 11.2.0.4) and newer versions.  * I Install Oracle Homes 11.2.0.4 on development, test and production servers and apply Oracle Home patches.  * Primary DBA for 1GB - 2.5TB database for 24/7 support.  *I do Backup and recovery using RMAN utility and Data pump.  * I Scheduled meetings with application team for database migration review to gather legacy information such as type of application, database options, current oracle configuration, capacity and oracle outstanding tasks.  * I Setup and document Oracle Golden Gate replication on 11g for support team.  * I also Develop, revise and implement policies, standards, procedures and guidelines necessary to effectively administer the database environments.  * I work close with my team to ensure databases adhere to corporate standards and policies. By this, I Work with application team, developers, change management team and DBA team to ensure smooth life cycle progress from development through testing and production implementation. Monitoring and maintaining 2/3 node RAC database on Red Hat Linux. Providing support to the development team and handling release schedules.  * Maintaining sound backup and recovery policies and procedures using RMAN. Monitoring the scheduled backup procedures for daily basis using crontab and Autosys.  * I use ASH, ADDM and AWR reports to monitor database performance and also do Database refreshes using export /import and data pump.  * I Perform Database Tuning & Performance issues, Storage Management, Plan growth and changes (capacity planning), Database Monitoring, Security Management and Tuning SQL queries.  * I Implement SQL outline to get the better execution plan for the offending queries.  * On a Day to Day General Administration, I do Table space Management, Undo Management, Managing Users, Resources, Managing User Privileges and Roles.  * I performed various tasks like Administering RAC using SRVCTL, adding nodes and instancing for High Availability purposes.  * Refreshed multiple databases for Development and Testing upon short request.  * Served as part of a 40-member DBA team which was involved in the maintenance of the Oracle 10g/11gdatabases for the Production as well as the development environments.  * Actively involved in designing/Testing of Disaster Crash recovery.  * Improving the performance of the database by tuning SQL and database instance parameters using Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor and SQL Tuning Advisor in Oracle 10g. Oracle AES APPLICATION DATA ENGINEER SERVICES NATIONWIDE INSURANCE COMPANY - Columbus, OH June 2014 to February 2016 1year 8months)  * Work closely with customers on a daily basis to understand their needs,  * Support business change and deliver a consistently high quality customer experience.  * Performed Installation and configuration of Oracle 10.2.0.1 database on HP-UX platform.  * Applied patches 10.2.0.2 and 11.2.0.3, 11.2.0.4.  * Implemented Logical and Physical Standby Databases for RAC cluster on Sun Solaris platform using Data Guard feature of Oracle 11G RAC.  * Constantly monitor the performance (V$ dynamic performance views at peak load) of the Databases and viewing Alert log files & Trace files.  * Use to run the scripts Used to check the status of databases such as growing table sizes, extent allocation, free space, used space, fragmentation etc.  * Performed space management, capacity planning, disaster recovery and overall maintenance of the databases.  * Used SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN utilities for optimizing and tuning SQL queries* Support client customizations, sharing implementation and best practices advice.  * Provide hands-on assistance using proprietary tools in a test environment* or via remote client connectivity. Oracle Database Administrator Tribune Company - Chicago, IL August 2012 to May 2014 1year 9months)  * Used RMAN Duplicate and HOT/COLD backups to migrate the data from 11.1.0.7 to 11.2.0.3.  * Created a stand by database by using RMAN Duplicate in order to reduce the down time for the PROD database during the migration process.  * DBA supporting three major projects from Development to Production via Tech-Test environments, involving daily configuration, administration all running on IBM AIX Database sizes range from 4GB to 2TB (in ODS & EDW environments).  * Worked closely with the Oracle developers for the better performance in Applications in writing the Packages, Triggers and Indexes on the tables.  * Used Secure SCP & FTP extensively for the File transfers from machines to remote server.  * Application of Oracle software patches when/where necessary.  * Data migration between databases using both Oracle 10g and 11g export/import utility and Oracle 11g exp/imp data pump.  * Database refreshes using expend, imped, RMAN Duplicate and cloning.  * Experienced in cloning the databases using HOT and COLD backups.  * Backup/Recovery monitoring and reporting using Oracle RMAN  * Technical documentation of all configurations, installations, implementations, monitoring and testing projects for future utilization.  * Backup Oracle DBA for two major projects involving periodic administration, troubleshooting & tuning of 10  Oracle databases (10g & 11g single instances running on both IBM AIX 5.3, SunOS 5.8 & HP-UX B.11.11) * Create oracle databases on configured servers using both the DBCA & Database creation scripts.  * Monitor database systems and provide technical support for database system issues and application performance enhancement/improvement using both OEM (client), Oracle 11g database control.  * SQL*Plus, as well as pre-developed UNIX shell scripts.  * Planning Backup/Restoration Strategy, Planning and scheduling Backups, taking Logical Backups (with Export/Import Data pump utilities).  * Tested and qualified 11g new features for setting up 11g standards for database creation and configuration. Qualified installed procedures for 11g.  * Designed and implemented database backups and Recovery strategies using RMAN, Data pump Export/Import, Cold, Hot backups  * Frame standards and security guidelines for the database implementations as part of Infrastructure DB group.  * Performed SQL and PL/SQL tuning, oracle contention and monitored production database using automatic workload repository (AWR), automatic database diagnostic monitor (ADDM) and Active Session History (ASH).  * Create database Objects, Table spaces, Schemas as needed.  * Schema migrations from Development to Production via Tech Test environments.  * Database refresh from Production to Tech Test as needed.  Tools Used: Oracle RMAN, Oracle 10.2.0.1, Oracle 11g, DBMS STATS, Data pump, SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN Oracle Junior DBA Prudential - Scranton, PA July 2011 to June 2012 11months)  * Taking Backups on scheduled time and Monitoring Scheduled Backups.  * Creating and dropping of users, granting and revoking rights as and when required.  * Checking of Oracle files for abnormal behaviors.  * Day to day Performance Monitoring and tuning of database.  * Diagnose and Troubleshoot Database Problems and failures  * Scheduling the Physical backups (hot & cold) in CRON tab using RMAN utility and monitoring performance of the db.  * Implemented recovery strategies whenever required and successfully recovered databases in case database crash, media/disk failures by using RMAN.  * Create oracle databases (single instance) on configured servers using both the DBCA & Database creation scripts.  * Monitor database systems and provide technical support for database system issues and application performance enhancement/improvement using both Oracle 10g Grid Control & SQL*Plus, as well as UNIX shell scripts.  * Worked closely with Application Developers to design/create new Oracle databases/create new schemas/ database objects, as well as making database changes from DEV to PROD, via TST following requests/ demands from the development team. Education Cameroon college of Arts and Sciences 2008 Skills DATABASE (7 years), databases (7 years), ORACLE (7 years), RMAN (6 years), SQL (1 year), Oracle Dba Certifications/Licenses Oracle Certified Associate March 2015
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1383.html#428:::Software Developer;Database Administrator;Software Developer;Software Engineer Intern;ASP (5 years);ASP.NET (5 years);C# (5 years);HTML (8 years);JavaScript (8 years);MVC (5 years);Linux (8 years);Unix (8 years);Microsoft SQL (Less than 1 year);Ingres (5 years);Oracle (1 year);Windows (10+ years);Java (2 years);Microsoft Access (2 years);jQuery (5 years);Visual Studio (5 years);SQL Server Management Studio (Less than 1 year);Agile (5 years);SCRUM (5 years);LINQ (5 years);Automated UI Testing Tools (5 years);VBA (3 years);Subversion (5 years);Git (5 years);HTML 5;CSS (10+ years):::Software Developer Software Developer Carrollton, VA Passionate and detailed software developer with a decade of experience and a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science. Developed dozens of rich UI web enterprise applications in highly collaborative agile team environments. Experienced in every step of the SDLC from helping customers decide on the UI using mock ups to doing code maintenance. Including coding UI front ends, developing a 3 tier code base and mentoring junior developers with code reviews and training programs. Proud veteran of the Coast Guard Reserves. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Software Developer Coast Guard Aviation Logistics Center - Elizabeth City, NC April 2012 to Present Currently working at home remotely on the Coast Guard's Electronic Asset Logbook. This web application plans and tracks the Coast Guard's missions, maintenance, fleet status, and training.   • Create new application modules in ASP.NET using C# in the MVC framework using RESTful APIs.  • Design rich UI front ends using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and jQuery with AJAX updated partial views .  • Make robust 3 tier code bases in C# following object oriented programming principles and best practices.  • Create database procedures, tables, indexes, and constraints.  • Add new functionality to existing web modules and debug issues.  • Mentor junior members in best practices and develop training materials. Database Administrator Coast Guard Finance Center - Chesapeake, VA August 2011 to April 2012 Worked on databases for the Coast Guard's Pay and Personnel Center which utilized them for payroll and payment reconciliation with the US Treasury.  • Maintained and optimized Oracle databases in a 24/7 high availability environment.  • Created database objects including user accounts, profiles, tables, tablespaces, indexes and triggers.  • Wrote Linux shell scripts and database PL/SQL procedures for tuning, index rebuilding, statistics gathering, user control, auditing and database security.  • Performed data dictionary maintenance and database cloning, refresh, backup and restores.  • Troubleshot database and application performance issues.  • Developed workflows for Configuration Management documentation. Software Developer Coast Guard Training Quota Center - Chesapeake, VA December 2009 to August 2011 Researched their manual workflows to develop custom software solutions to automate repetitive tasks.  • Developed custom software using Visual Basic for Applications(VBA) to automate repetitive tasks.  • Software would automatically gather data from various web applications then save and email the resulting reports.  • Created Microsoft Access databases to track training programs.  • Gave presentations at headquarters on how the Coast Guards training metrics could be improved. Software Engineer Intern MTCSC - Stafford, VA August 2009 to December 2009 Customized the company's SharePoint intranet site using Silverlight and JavaScript.  • Wrote scripts to pull data from Microsoft SQL databases and display it in SharePoint Web pages.  • Highly customized SharePoint workflows using JavaScript, C# and SharePoint Designer.  • Customized SharePoint's look by creating HTML cover pages and linking them to SharePoint services.  • Made custom web applications using Silverlight and embedded them in SharePoint.  • Used SharePoint web services to populate data into other systems. Education Bachelors in Computer Science in Computer Science Millersville University - Millersville, PA December 2009 Skills ASP (5 years), ASP.NET (5 years), C# (5 years), HTML (8 years), JavaScript (8 years), MVC (5 years), Linux (8 years), Unix (8 years), Microsoft SQL (Less than 1 year), Ingres (5 years), Oracle (1 year), Windows (10+ years), Java (2 years), Microsoft Access (2 years), jQuery (5 years), Visual Studio (5 years), SQL Server Management Studio (Less than 1 year), Agile (5 years), SCRUM (5 years), LINQ (5 years), Automated UI Testing Tools (5 years), VBA (3 years), Subversion (5 years), Git (5 years), HTML 5, CSS (10+ years) Military Service Branch: Coast Guard Service Country: United States Rank: E6 July 2002 to January 2016 Reserves Additional Information Technical Skills  Web Technologies: ASP.NET, MVC, JavaScript, jQuery, HTML, XML, CSS  Languages: C#, C++, LINQ , Java, Visual Basic, Perl  Databases: SQL Server , Oracle, Ingres, Microsoft Access  Operating Systems/ Web Frameworks: Windows, Linux, SharePoint  Version Control: Subversion, GIT
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1384.html#429:::Sr Sap Basis/ HEC consultant;Role - Senior Lead Architect;Sap basis lead;Role - SAP Basis Administrator;Role - SAP Basis Administrator;Role - SAP Basis Administrator;Role - Database Engineer;Role - Database Administrator;BI (8 years);BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE (8 years);Oracle (7 years);SCM (7 years);SRM (7 years):::Sr Sap Basis/ HEC consultant Sr Sap Basis/ HEC consultant Sr Sap Basis/Hana/Security/Cloud Allen, TX ? SAP Platform Architect with 14 years of experience specialized in SAP Basis Netweaver & HANA Administration for HEC - HANA Enterprise Cloud  ? Worked in various competitive Domains such as Retail, Pharmaceuticals, Oil and Gas clients comprising of very huge landscapes.  ? Implemented landscape for SAP Simple Finance S/4 Suite on HANA, performed ECC to SFIN Upgrades  ? Performed Partner configuration for SAP Solution Manager, Resolve integration in Hana Enterprise Cloud environment, Solution Manager reporting, Technical monitoring as per SAP - HANA Enterprise Cloud R & R guidelines.  ? SAP HANA - installation, administration, Backup/Restores, revision Upgrades, DB refresh, performance tuning, and system integration to legacy systems, HANA Security and HANA data provisioning  ? SAP BASIS - Strong Knowledge and Hands on experience on Technical Planning, Design and build include Firewall and Network design, Ports details, Prepare high level Build documents and perform Installations, Upgrades, Dual stacksplit of SAP Netweaver systems, Data center Migration from Onpremise to HEC environment  ? Plan and execute the encryption scenarios for application, DB and OS layers  ? Install, Configure, integrate, maintain, upgrade SAP applications such as ECC 6.0 on Ehp8/SFIN, BIA 7.20, PO Java 7.5, SNC, S/4 HANA 1611, Best practices, CRM, xMII, Netweaver 7.5, BI Java, BI 7.5, Convergent Charging 4.0, SAP TM, SRM, SCM, GRC 10, BPC, SAP Solution Manager 7.1/7.2, TREX, BIP 4.2, BODS 4.2, Lumira 1.31, Hybris, Mobility -FIORI suite, Business-One 9.2 on HANA.  ? Expertise in Kernel upgrades, apply SNOTES, OSS messages, SPAM/SAINT, SUM, SSO, SSL for certificates, JAVA Security, SWPM,JSPM, CTS+ configuration, NWA  ? Technically fluent in Operating System (Unix/Linux/HPUX, AIX/Windows), Database - HANA/Oracle/ DB2 / SQL Server/ ASE/ MaxDB) administration and troubleshoot.  ? Performed Homogeneous system copies with systems based on Oracle, MS-SQL,DB2, HANA databases  ? Performed DB upgrades such as Version upgrades, cumulative patches, Fix packs/patches  ? Performed DBA tasks of Backup & recovery strategy, Database Refresh, Database DR Setup for Physical and Stand by nodes  ? Worked in SAP HANA cluster, scale up and scale out scenarios for IBM, HP appliances.  ? Monitor, Manage & troubleshoot issues for SLES HANA& Accelerator cluster running on GPFS 3.5/4.1 with IBMX5/X6-Series servers, HS22/23 blades, HP C500/C600 servers, manage servers from AMM for IBM&ILO for HP, apply Firmware's for IBM SAN - DS3524 as bugs fix, check battery & power supply, raise PMH/PMR calls to IBM support, GPFS upgrades,. Work Experience Sr Sap Basis/ HEC consultant Levis Strauss - Westlake, TX July 2019 to Present Role - Senior Lead Architect CenturyLink Communications LLC - Denver, CO October 2015 to Present Denver, USA Duration - Oct'2015 to till date  Client - SAP America AG  Program/Project - HANA Enterprise Cloud (HEC)  Role - Senior Lead Architect  Key Deliverables:    ? As SAP Platform Architect, mentor SAP Basis consultants nearly 80 in Operations/Build for various customer accounts  ? Co-ordinate with Onsite & offshore leads for all SAP Basis related tasks in SAP Cloud - HEC  ? Involve in Technical landscape Design, Sizing, Planning, and Implementation of SAP HANA in single /multitenant DB modes for Netweaver products on RHEL 6.x/7.x, SUSE 11.3/4 for Platform Edition. 1.0 SPS10 / SP11 and SP12 in HANA Enterprise Cloud offerings for Iaas, Haas, Paas programs of SAP.  ? Design and Build Solution manager Partner system, S/4 HANA with Mobility applications in HANA Enterprise Cloud landscape  ? Engage and work closely with SAP America on all Design and build strategies of SAP systems for HEC customers  ? Performed upgrades for ECC to Simple Finance S/4 on HANA, Fiori on HANA, BIP /BODS 4.x on ASE, deploy HANA live components, supporting Mobility applications in retail/pharma/manufacturing domains  ? Perform partner system configurations with Resolve.sap.com as incident management system  ? Extensively worked on issues with Network design with details of Ports for Firewall rules, Design documents for server/File systems layout, Build documents for RHEL/SUSE Linux server requirements  ? Performed install, upgrades for almost all SAP components on Redhat Linux/ SUSE 11 SP3/4 supporting SAP America clients  ? Performed Business suite migration from customer On premise to CTL- HEC  ? Sizing, configuration, implementation, installation of HANA on Multi tenancy with encryptions for Data mart and SLT systems with volumes of Data in TB's and PB's  ? Performed Backup configurations using Backint for SAP HANA Hot backup using Netbackup for HEC customers  ? Performed Backup configurations for Sybase - ASE DB using cronjob scripts and troubleshoot in case of issues  ? Worked on SAP BI Suite (Lumria, BOBJ, BODS, Fiori) administration and troubleshooting tasks.  ? Install and configure SAP applications on HANA database with Data volume encryption, scale out and replication enabled  ? Performed Multi-tenancy HANA DB installations, SDA connections to external DB's, performed data provisioning SLT installs and performance troubleshooting issues with table loading, etc,.  ? Configured Replication between SAP HANA - DR sites with Data Volume Encryption enabled and OS level encryption of files with 3rd party companies, configured scale out scenarios for SAP HANA systems  ? Work closely with SAP America MDC consultants, Platinum consultants on all issues for applications of BODS, BIP, BOBJ, HANA Live components, SFIN, Convergent Charging 4.0/4.1, HANA encryption, ECC Ehp7, GRC, CRM, SRM, TM, SCM/SNC, S/4, SLT, BI 7.4/7.5, BPC, Mobility -Fiori, Lumira, SAP Router -Solman, Business One-HANA, PI/PO on Sybase ASE DB, HANA DB in Central/ Distributed type of installations. Sap basis lead Vertex Business Services - Richardson, TX February 2019 to July 2019 Role - SAP Basis Administrator Panasonic North America, NJ August 2010 to March 2011 Key Deliverables:  ? Performed DBA Cockpit activities such as Backup's, Re-org/Runstats on tables, and DB6CONV for compression as on when performance impacted.  ? Client and System maintenance including Client refresh /system refresh, Client copy, Client export/import  ? Performed SAP support packages/stacks for components upgrade, components upgrade using SPAM/SAINT  ? Performed Homogeneous system copies with systems based on Oracle, DB2 databases  ? Performed Oracle Upgrades from 10.2.0.2 to 10.2.0.4 and 10.2.0.4 to 11.2.0.2 on AIX/Linux.  ? Performed Oracle Database Compression techniques  ? Perform backup/restore activities during system refresh and upgrade activities.  ? Performed tasks of ABAP and JAVA transports, XI transports  ? Performed SARA for SAP archiving jobs by setting variants for different Objects and monitoring them.  ? Proactively respond to tickets from various ticketing tools such Tidal, Netcool, HP Quality Center and follow norms of SLA and adhere to all ITIL processes and documentation  ? Manage Huge BW Accelerator infrastructure such as IBM Blade servers using AMM on SUSE Linux, DS3524 and GPFS for clustered monitoring of physical and standby blades for SAP BW Administration Role - SAP Basis Administrator The Home Depot - Atlanta, GA January 2009 to August 2010 Key Deliverables:  ? Installation and Configuration of SAP Applications such as ECC 6.0, Solman 7, EP7  ? Expertise in Kernel upgrades, apply SNOTES, raising OSS messages, components/stack upgrade using SPAM/SAINT for all Netweaver ABAP/JAVA  ? Monitor and troubleshoot database issues related space management, backup and recovery, performance issues.  ? Perform weekly tablespace re-org activity on regular maintenance outage.  ? Perform backup/restore activities during system refresh and upgrade activities.  ? Proactively respond to tickets from various ticketing tools such HPSC, Outlook, Tidal, Net cool, Mercury Quality Center and follow norms of SLA and adhere to all ITIL processes and documentation  ? Client and System maintenance including Clientrefresh / system refresh, Client copy, Client export and import  ? Performed SAP support packages/stacks for components upgrade, components upgrade using SPAM/SAINT  ? Perform transport using STMS, CG3Z, tp and Portal transports and troubleshot on occurrence of errors  ? Java monitoring using jcmon, web dispatcher, wily interscope.  ? Performed maintenance activity of bouncing java servers on HA servers for clearing memory issues  ? Configured Printers using SPAD and troubleshoot issues in spool management.  ? Performed SARAfor SAP archiving jobs by setting variants for different Objects and monitoring them.  ? Password management on monthly basis of all super users across clients on all SAP applications.  ? Monitor and Maintain the BI application Blade servers (TREXADMIN) and their profile parameters and bounce the blades when parameters changes are done.  ? Manage Huge BW Accelerator infrastructure such as IBM Blade servers using AMM on SUSE Linux, DS3524 and GPFS for clustered monitoring of physical and standby blades for SAP BW Administration Role - SAP Basis Administrator Commercial Metals Company, NJ September 2008 to December 2008 Key Deliverables:  ? Performed DBA Cockpit activities such as monitoring Backup's, Runstats on tables, and re-org on tables.  ? Client and System maintenance including Client refresh / system refresh, Client copy, Client export and import  ? Perform backup/restore activities during system refresh of application on MS SQL databases.  ? Performed SAP support packages/stacks for components upgrade, components upgrade using SPAM/SAINT  ? Perform transport using STMS, CG3Z, tp and Portal transports and troubleshot on occurrence of errors  ? Performed tasks of ABAP using STMS and Portal transports  ? Proactively respond to tickets from various ticketing tools such Tidal, Netcool, HP Quality Center and follow norms of SLA and adhere to all ITIL processes and documentation Role - Database Engineer Wolters Kluwer, NY April 2007 to August 2008 Key Deliverables:  ? Monitoring alert logs, space issues in database, backup and recovery issues in case of failure for production, development databases and SAP application databases.  ? Created database and Schema objects as per developer's requirement, managing Tablespace for optimum performance of databases for application running on .net  ? Perform system refresh, client copy & refresh activities as on when required for testing environment to the development and functional teams  ? Applied Opatch/DB2 fix packs as per requirement and troubleshoot issues  ? Planned space management and memory management of databases  ? Refreshed, cloned and migrated Databases for .net applications  ? Monitor the database jobs such as re-orgs of high data volume tables.  ? Performance Tuning of production & development databases by collecting stats pack reports  ? Kept track and planned database issues and resolved them proactively along with the team  ? Created Snapshot reports through Asp.net application code for poorly performing SQLs and tuned the multi search engine complex queries to the optimized time  ? Provided Oracle Database Administration support 24x7 as per client's requirement and suggested coding standards to developers Role - Database Administrator MAHAVIKAS, MH Sales Tax Dept July 2005 to March 2007 Key Deliverables:  ? Identified, resolved and provided solutions to different kinds of database performance issues  ? Checked archive logs, alert logs, space issues of tablespace, traditional backups and tape drive backups, SQL tuning and generating reports  ? Used software's like Core Ftp, Leach Ftp and VNC viewer to connect to remote desktops  ? Synchronized data and controlled quality of database  ? Used SQL*Loader to dump data and check data consistency on standby server  ? Generated stats pack reports to identify bottlenecks  ? Provided 24x7 on call support for Oracle database administration activities for the application  ? Participated in various workshops/meetings in bringing Quality data into the application from various Sales tax forms  ? Provided monthly reports to clients of pending bills to be received by the Dept. and sent challans to customers Education Bachelor's Skills BI (8 years), BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE (8 years), Oracle (7 years), SCM (7 years), SRM (7 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL PROFICIENCY  Applications: ECC 6.0 with Ehp7, BI 7.4, Netweaver 7.4/7.5, XMII,CRM, SNC,TM 9, SRM, SCM 7.1, PI/PO 7.4 Java, BIA 7.20, Solman 7.1 SP14/7.2, BPC, BIP 4.2, BODS 4.1 SP7,  Lumira 1.31, Hybris, GRC 10, BPC, CC 4.1  Operating Systems: SUSE Linux 11.4, RHEL 6.1/6.5/ 7.0, AIX, WIN 2012R2  RDBMS: Oracle 11g, DB2 10.5, SQL Server 2012/2014, HANA DB Sp10/11/12, Max DB  Tool / Utilities: Nagios, Opsview, HP Control Center, BR Tools, HANA Studio, Toad, Remedy, Vantive, SMClient, XCAT, AMM, ILO, IBM Director  Cluster Software: GPFS, MSCS
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1385.html#430:::Project Manager;CRM/ Project Analyst;Project/ Database Analyst;Program Manager;Program Administrator;Project Administrator;DATABASE (5 years);POWERPOINT (3 years);SCHEDULING (2 years);ROLLOUT (1 year);TESTING (1 year);Outlook;budget;Estimating;Maintenance;Word:::Project Manager Project Manager Project Manager Chatsworth, CA Work Experience Project Manager Regal Medical Group - Northridge, CA 2017 to 2018 * Manage cross functional teams to ensure effective collaboration and communication  * Communicate status by producing reports and presentations to provide timely and accurate status and decision support information to Project and Management Teams  * Develop business cases, requirements, and performance metrics  * Help remove or mitigate any roadblocks impeding delivery and rollout  * Develop and distribute weekly, monthly and quarterly reporting using multiple databases  * Oversees testing of processes and products CRM/ Project Analyst Affinitiv - Calabasas, CA 2016 to 2017 * Worked to resolve any technical implementation issues associated with projects by coordinating efforts with IT staff to perform necessary fixes.  * Meet with potential clients to review project details and determine the projected cost of potential project execution procedures.  * Worked on special assignments that often involved seeking out new markets and identifying possible prospects.  * Maintained the CRM systems for all the users such as the customer service and sales team.  * Assisted the users in tracking the data, communicating with the internal and external users to facilitate the business.  * Participated in various analytical processes and data recovery, implemented the various data changes to the CRM.  * Prepared, produced and presented various operational analyses and PowerPoint presentations.  * Performed and conducted complex conceptual analyses. Project/ Database Analyst Health Net, Inc - Woodland Hills, CA 2015 to 2016 * Data analytics supports decisions for high-priority, enterprise initiatives involving IT/product development, customer service improvement, organizational realignment and process reengineering.  * Tested, analyzed and modified functional software  * Reconciled data from various data file types to ensure quality results for internal and external customer bases.  * Responded to inquiries and issues related to provider data coming directly from providers and other Network Management staff.  * Facilitated and assisted with special projects and other initiatives to ensure provider data is complete. Program Manager Dynamo Aviation, Inc - North Hills, CA 2013 to 2015 * Work closely with Sales and Marketing Director to create relationships with Airlines (Air Canada and Lufthansa, Boeing, and Gulfstream).  * Developed, tracked and managed project plans including goals, strategy, resource scheduling, timelines, and budget.  * Led market launch of 4 aircraft products. Identified opportunities, researched new product possibilities, collaborated with engineering team generating $260K in quarterly sales.  * Developed financial and valuation models to evaluate corporate and industry operating performance and efficiency  * Prepared presentations utilizing PowerPoint and other Microsoft Office Applications  * Conduct Profit and Loss analysis for Sales director weekly.  * Create and market unit prices against competitors.  * Keep close relationships with customers, following up on quotes and negotiating prices.  * Analyze damaged units, and search for vendors who may repair unit that would save the airline money (Saved Air Canada $360K in first quarter)  * Quote and mark up units that exceed value of $52,000, saving airline 65% on only repair.  * Working with different CRM systems to create purchased work orders, purchase orders, and sales orders.  * Working closely with accounting to create stable terms for customers. Program Administrator Solar Center, Inc - North Hills, CA 2013 to 2013 to 2013  * Received leads, created Net Energy Metering, Single Line Diagrams, and Interconnection Agreements.  * Served as primary point-of-contact on advertising events/meetings for the biggest accounts.  * Assumed a lead role in pitch team meetings due to strengths in presentation and negotiation skills, and helped close major accounts ($250K to $450K contracts).  * Dealt with a minimum of 15+ Disputes a day, left customer satisfied and received positive feedback from customer.  * Created long-term relationships with customers.  * Created spread sheets to organize purchased products, received products, and forecast an analysis of Profit and loss.  * Scheduled inspectors to visit customer's property, scheduled appointments with installers to complete Solar and inverter installation.  * Assisted customer over the phone to operate system. Project Administrator Panda Express - Rosemead, CA 2009 to 2013 * Insured weekly cost and schedule of six store locations.  * Achieving restaurant operational objectives by contributing information and recommendations to strategic plans and reviews.  * Determining system improvements; implementing changes.  * Preparing and completing action plans; implementing production, productivity, quality, and customer-service standards; resolving problems; completing audits; identifying trends;  * Completed weekly inventory and ordering of products for several locations  * Created weekly forecasts for labor and sales using database analysis  * Updating job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities; maintain personal networks; participating in professional organization. Education M.B.A. in Project Management Keller Graduate School of Management - Sherman Oaks, CA 2017 B.B.A. in Operations Management DeVry University - Sherman Oaks, CA 2014 Skills DATABASE (5 years), POWERPOINT (3 years), SCHEDULING (2 years), ROLLOUT (1 year), TESTING (1 year), Outlook, budget, Estimating, Maintenance, Word Additional Information • Expert in agile and scrum project management methodologies. Known for ability to produce high-quality deliverables that meet or exceed timeline and budgetary targets.  • Focused teams on business objectives and tracked progress to ensure project milestones were completed on time, on budget and with the desired results.  • Anticipated and managed change effectively in rapidly evolving global business environments.    Computer skills  Visual Studio, Microsoft Dynamics, Masterdigm Systems, Sharepoint, Pentagon Systems, MS Project, Excel, Word; Outlook; SharePoint; Tableau; IDM; SSRS; Word; PowerPoint, Lotus Notes, Familiar with SQL database queries  Core Competencies    * ROI Analysis  * Project Scheduling  * Testing/QA/Rollout/  Support  * Business & IT Planning  * Operation Analysis  * Portfolio Analysis    * Consumer Analysis  * Risk Management  * Business Strategy
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1386.html#431:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Linux System Administrator;DBA;Oracle Dba;Sql Server;Sql Dba;Oracle Database:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - SUNTRUST BANK Arlington, VA Database Administrator with IT expertise of over 7 years in the industry. Gained knowledge and expertise in database designing, backup & recovery, migration, monitoring & tuning, upgrades, replication, and security implementations. Holds proficiency in assortment of technologies including oracle versions 10g, 11g and 12c, 18c, and MS SQL Server. Proven leader with motivational engagements and a solid reputation for building and retaining highly motivated teams. Possess exceptional written, verbal, analytical and organizational abilities. Energetic and dynamic achiever who can successfully manage multiple priorities well under pressure. Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator SUNTRUST BANK April 2016 to Present • Designed backup strategies, following company SLAs execution of scheduled jobs for both physical and logical backups using RMAN and DATAPUMP utilities respectively  • Performed database upgrade using the Oracle DBUA respectively. Cloned databases and championed migration for testing purposes using RMAN and DATAPUMP utilities for all database sizes.  • Championed network setups on Exadata machines validating new ones by performing all necessary prerequisites before making it ready for application deployment.  • Constructed database security policies using the Triple A mechanism, Transparent Data Encryption (TDE) as well as access restriction.  • Supported daily administration, monitoring, tuning, and troubleshooting of instances on UNIX/Linux, Windows server using oracle enterprise manager (OEM).  • Monitored reports (AWR, ADDM and ASH) as well as logs, dynamic performance views, DBMS_STATS, Trace files, System Event Logs for unusual events and took appropriate action according to company policies of incident reports.  • Developed and documented steps on kernel upgrades, disk storage management and performance troubleshooting on Linux/Unix OS.  • Generated scripts with developers to automate maintenance and backup jobs.  • Worked in a cross functional team which oversaw Oracle 5 node RAC installation and configuration on Linux servers. Configured and managed ASM instances on Oracle databases.  • Administered Physical Standby databases for single and multiple instances to achieve high availability and disaster recovery solution (active DATA GUARD).  • Applied Oracle's quarterly Critical Patch Update (CPU application) using Opatch utility to install, test, and deploy patches to all database instances.  • Analyzed and performed some PLSQL codes reviews for data processing and automation.  • Maintained a frequent memory check and disk space, increasing swap space and storage space to maintain high performance of instance on our Linux OS.  • Handle functional and technical problems through research and training workshops, achieving a 65% increase in satisfaction rate of database end users and supervised the coaching of junior DBAs.  • Maintain highly reliable 24x7x365 Linux production servers for AWS EC2 instances. Oracle Database Administrator EDUCATIONAL SYSTEMS FEDERAL CREDIT UNION February 2014 to April 2016 • Managed database security by assigning appropriate roles and privileges to users depending on the user activity, auditing, and performing other security related tasks including Transparent Data Encryption.  • Extensively used AWR, ADDM, ASH, and Explain plan for periodic Performance tuning issues on the database and oracle RAC servers.  • Championed Redhat Linux OS kernel upgrades and migrated data with the use of data pump for the required transactions.  • Managed Data guard in the environment to avoid loss of data and to maintain high availability 24/7.  • Worked in a team and we championed RAC installation and configuration for Linux environments.  • Enhanced end users' understanding of database system by conducting pre-implementation workshops and creation some training materials for the team.  • Followed System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) methodology for designing, analysis, development implementations.  • Created databases from Entity Relational Diagrams (ERD) in Forward Engineering using the Oracle SQL Developer to OFA Institution and finally to DB launch.  • Used oracle opatch utility to apply quarterly Critical Patches on oracle instances.  • Configured and managed ASM/RAC instances on Oracle 11g and 12c.  • Worked on ORACLE EXADATA Machines for the extreme performance of the database  • Scheduled backups in CRON for RMAN with the specific backup type depending on the database size, configured Control file auto backup ON while maintaining my redundancy set for all databases.  • Collaborated with peers to performed data manipulation and other administrative tasks on our MongoDB databases and oracle databases in the environment. Linux System Administrator INFOSYS TECHNOLOGY INC June 2011 to February 2014 • Assisted in the development and documentation of OS configuration when it came to kernel upgrades, disk storage management and performance troubleshooting.  • Championed installation, configuration, management and maintenance over Linux operating systems.  • Assisted and perform troubleshooting on network performance and helped create and maintain disaster recovery plans.  • Worked with network security manager/information assurance personnel to set up network security policies and procedures.  • Assisted in developing SLAs and exploring new technologies to improve efficiency and maximize performance.  • Planned and executed maintenance on UNIX/LINUX systems, including deployment of new OS releases.  • Strong knowledge on file system such as ext2, ext3, ext4 and volume management expertise.  • I was responsible for user administration tasks such as adding/deleting users, create and change groups and their ownership and also implementing ACLs on the system.  • Configured LVM and managed the volumes including disk storage management.  • Diagnosed user related issues and provided solution to them. Backed up, restored by using TAR.  • Package management using RPM and YUM, Disk management; partitioning tools like fdisk and parted. Education Bachelors in Computer Science in Computer Science University of Maryland University College Skills DBA, Oracle Dba, Sql Server, Sql Dba, Oracle Database
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1387.html#432:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Production Support Database Administrator;AIX (1 year);Database (7 years);databases (7 years);LINUX (5 years);OEM (7 years);Oracle (7 years);Solaris (Less than 1 year);SQL (7 years);Sun (Less than 1 year);UNIX (5 years);Oracle Dba;DBA:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - Long Island University Glen Cove, NY Savvy and highly technical Oracle database administrator with over 7 years' of demonstrated experience and technical proficiency in configuring, integrating, upgrade, migration, and setting up Oracle 12c, 11g, and 10g for production and project support on different platforms. Strong expertise in developing database structure, implementing applications, enhancing system and ensuring security, utilizing Data Guard and Goldengate Configuration via Data Guard broker, and troubleshooting and resolving log gaps in Data Guard configurations, while design scripts and tools to automate routine task and improve monitoring of system. Acknowledged for taking initiatives to enhance information systems and optimize performance tuning, creating physical databases and logical database models, collaborating with technical teams and vendors for patches and upgrades.    Highlight of Qualification    • Expertise in all the phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).  • Developing, integrating, and deploying all facets of Oracle DBA activities like production, database monitoring, Backup & Recovery using RMAN, Cloning, Troubleshooting production issues, and Physical Database Design.  • Experienced in applying patches like Critical Patch Updates (CPU), Patch Set Updates (PSU), and One-Off Patches, Interim patches, DST, Patch sets as per the Oracle recommendations.  • Skilled in using ASM for creating diskgroups, adding additional storage (DISKS) and troubleshooting ASM issues and setting up the unidirectional replication on oracle 11g databases using Goldengate.  • Able to maintain Oracle Cluster ware using Srvctl, Crsctl, has, ocrconfig, cluvfy, Private IP, public IP, SCAN IP and Virtual IPs along with NAS and SAN for ASM storage.  • Technical proficiency in troubleshooting issues related to Oracle RAC (Node Evictions, Node Reboots).  • Worked extensively in Performance Tuning at various levels including instance tuning, Query tuning, Database performance tuning. Experienced in performing Database related activities using GRID, Multitenant Architecture, OEM, Data Pump, SRVCTL, RMAN, SQL*Loader, datapump, Export, Import, PL/SQL, SQL*Plus, SVRMGR, SQL*Net/Net8, Listner, AGENT Tuning using explain plan, SQL Trace, AWR, ADDM, SGA tuning, Statspack and tuning of initialization parameters.  • Experienced in using 10g features like 10g RMAN, Data pump Flash-Back Recovery and ASM.  • Extensively implemented Datapump, conventional Export/Import (Oracle 11g, 10g) for migration and logical backup of database.  • Strong skills in applying security patches (Patch set, Critical Patch Updates (CPU) / Patch Set Updates (PSU), One-off Patch) using "runInstaller" and perl based utility "opatch".  • Oracle Database performance-tuning services with EXPLAIN PLAN, TKPROF, STATSPACK, SQL TRACE. Applying patches under UNIX platform.  • UNIX Systems Administration - Database and application integration efforts. Heavy UNIX shell scripting, CRON jobs.  • Experienced in writing and designing the SQL queries as well as have extensive knowledge of Relational Database Management Systems. (Normalization, De-normalization, Entity Relationship diagram, DFD etc) Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Long Island University - Brookville, NY February 2018 to Present • Build VMware on HyperV machines, install software and create databases Using DBCA and scripts.  • Upgrade databases from 11g to 12c and Monitoring the databases using OEM 12c and 13c cloud control.  • Schedule, Manage and monitor backups using OEM 12 and 13c, RMAN and Crontab.  • Perform Database refresh and schema refresh to get up to date data from production for development and testing using RMAN utility.  • Led the team in building a two node Real Application Cluster (RAC) on 12c with NFS file system on Centos platform and converted single instance databases (11g) to RAC Databases.  • Collaborated with the Oracle developers for the better performance in Applications in writing the Packages, Triggers and Indexes on the tables.  • Worked New Features on 12c databases such as recovering tables, masking the fields, using advanced optimization parameters for good performance of 12c Databases.  • Constantly Monitoring the performance (V$ dynamic performance views at peak load) of the database and viewing Alert log files and Trace files.  • Experience in installing OEM 12c and 13c cloud control and upgrading the 11g management agents to 12c and 13c agents.  • Perform Database re-organizations as required to assist performance and ensure maximum uptime of the database, implement SQL access and tuning advisors recommendations.  Tools used: RMAN, SQL developer, OEM 12c and 13c, Datapump, Explain Plan Oracle Database Administrator US Foods - Rosemont, IL January 2014 to January 2018 • Coordinated the installation and configuration of 10g, 11g, 12c in UNIX/LINUX (RHEL)and Windows server 2008, 2012 as well as Container Databases on standalone servers and cluster on windows and unix platforms.  • Applied PSU on standalone TEST environment using OPatch and same PSU(Grid and RDBMS Patching) on production cluster using OPatch Auto.  • Supported in Performing GoldenGate configuration, administration, installation, also configuring pumps and managing trail files by purging old extract files and log files.  • Successfully implemented Physical Standby Databases on 2-node 11gR2 Real Application Cluster and automated scripts to delete archive logs that already applied to standby.  • Actively involved in datacentre migrating large size database in multiple platform and implemented two type of standby databases supported by Data Guard, logical and physical standby databases in 11gR2 on two node RAC  • Generated AWR (Statspack), ADDM, Explain Plan, TKPROF, SQLTRACE, ORADEBUG reports for Performance tuning and also used new tools of 12c for security purpose.  • Implemented Active Data guard, creating both Logical and Physical Standby databases in 10g, 11g, RAC & 12C environment for the Production databases.  • Implemented and maintained Oracle 11g Data Guard/standby databases for fail-over purposes with Oracle TDE to provide transparent encryption of stored data to support submission efforts with release of Oracle 11g R2.  • Worked on Network data encryption to improve security while implementing SSL wallet to secure the connections.  • Implement and enforce security for all of the Oracle Databases; the three basic security tasks are authentication (Setting up user accounts to control logins to the database), authorization (setting permissions on various parts of the database), and auditing (tracking who did what, with the database).  • Generated Statspack/AWR reports using OEM 12C from Oracle 11g database and analysed the reports for Oracle wait events, time consuming SQL queries, tablespace growth, database growth.  Tools Used: Oracle RMAN, Oracle 11g (11.2.0.2), DBMS STATS, Datapump, SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN Oracle Production Support Database Administrator Cox Communications, Inc - Atlanta, GA March 2012 to January 2014 • Utilized technical skills to install and configure Oracle 11.1.0.7, Oracle 10.2.0.5 databases on AIX platforms while making optimal use of Oracle Support in resolving the SRs.  • Closely monitored different databases and application servers using Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) 10g Grid Control and loaded data from flat files to database using SQL*Loader, External Tables.  • Successfully automated various processes like managing alert log, efficient backup etc. by developing UNIX scripts.  • Used TOAD for database management and RMAN Duplicate and HOT/COLD backups to migrate data from 11.1.0.7 to 11.2.0.3.  • Performed SQL and PL/SQL tuning, oracle contention and monitored production database using automatic workload repository (AWR), automatic database diagnostic monitor (ADDM) and Active Session History (ASH).  • Implemented proactive monitoring using Tuning Pack, Diagnostics Pack, and STATSPACK, SQL Trace & TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN.  • Improved the recovery of databases and database objects through Flashback technology of the Oracle 11g, 10g along with Recyclebin.  • Monitored and upgraded Database from Oracle 9i (9.2.0.7) to Oracle 10g (10.2.0.5) and to Oracle 11g (11.1.0.7) RAC database.  • Successful in applying RDBMS patches, security patches for improving the security and functionality of the databases.  Environment: Oracle 11.1.0.7, 10.2.0.5, IBM AIX V6.1, Suse Linux, RAC, ASM, RMAN, AWR, ADDM, SQL* Plus, SQL*Loader, OEM, TOAD 10.0. Education Bachelor's Skills AIX (1 year), Database (7 years), databases (7 years), LINUX (5 years), OEM (7 years), Oracle (7 years), Solaris (Less than 1 year), SQL (7 years), Sun (Less than 1 year), UNIX (5 years), Oracle Dba, DBA Certifications/Licenses Oracle Certified Associate Present
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1388.html#433:::MongoDB Developer;MongoDB DBA;Database Administrator;MYSQL DBA;MySQL Database Engineer;MySQL Support DBA;Server DBA:::MongoDB Developer MongoDB Developer MongoDB Developer - Intercept Pharmaceuticals • Up to Eight years of experience in working as database developer and administrator.  • Experience in handling, configuration and administration of databases like MySQL and NoSQL databases like MongoDB.  • Experience in working with databases like MongoDB, MySQL and Cassandra.  • Strong MySQL and MongoDB administration skills in Unix, Linux and Windows.  • Experience in upgrading different databases and also migration of data among multiple databases.  • Experience in analyzing and visualizing the data along with data modeling.  • Experience in managing large shared MongoDB cluster.  • Experience in scripting in Linux, UNIX and Windows environments.  • Experience in SQL coding and tuning.  • Experience in trouble shooting /performance tuning.  • Experience in diagnosing the problems and resolving issue across various servers.  • Experience in MongoDB installation, patching, troubleshooting, performance, tracking/tuning, back-up and recovery in dynamic environments.  • Experience in managing life cycle of MongoDB including sizing, automation, monitoring and tuning.  • Experience with complex data environments.  • Experience on working with MongoDB Ops Manager, Cloud Manager and Atlas Manager  • Experience in integrating databases like MongoDB, MySQL with webpages like HTML, PHP and CSS to update, insert, delete and retrieve data with simple ad-hoc queries.  • Self motivated, quick learner, goal-oriented, resourceful and innovative team player.  • Excellent team spirit and leadership qualities with good communication and interpersonal skills. Work Experience MongoDB Developer Intercept Pharmaceuticals - New York, NY February 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  • Experience in design and developing Application leveraging MongoDB.  • Experience in developing java programs at the Application side. Developed Ruby/Python scripts to monitor health of Mongo databases and perform ad-hoc backups using Mongo dump and Mongo restore.  • Experience with creating script for data modeling and data import and export. Extensive experience in deploying, managing and developing MongoDB clusters. Experience in creating JavaScript for using DML operation with MongoDB.  • Administered, maintained Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5.X/ 6.X and IBM AIX 6.X/7.X troubleshooting hardware, operating system, applications & network problems and performance issues.  • Installed and configured RHEL 6.X/7.X servers using Kickstart with PXE for Linux, Apache, MySQL and Perl/PHP installations.  • Creation, configuration and monitoring Shards sets. Analysis of the data to be shared, choosing a shard Key to distribute data evenly. Architecture and Capacity planning for MongoDB clusters. Implemented scripts for mongo DB import, export, dump and restore.  • Created UNIX shell scripts to automate batch jobs through Cron.  • Worked on MongoDB database concepts such as locking, transactions, indexes, Sharding, replication, schema design. Created multiple databases with sharded collections and choosing shard key based on the requirements. Experience in managing MongoDB environment from availability, performance and scalability perspectives.  • Performed user administration & maintained centralized sudoers file replicating managed servers using rdist.  • Worked on creating various types of indexes on different collections to get good performance in Mongo database.  • Worked on creating documents in Mongo database.  • Worked on multiple BSON type objects and used based on requirement.  • Responsible in all facets of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), including requirements gathering, establish technical specifications, set deadlines and milestones, Designing, Coding, Testing, Quality Assurance and Production Deployment.  • Performed day-to-day Database Maintenance tasks including Database Monitoring, Backups, Space, and Resource Utilization.  • Configured replication with replica set factors, arbiters, voting, priority, server distribution, slave delays. MongoDB DBA Intercept Pharmaceuticals - New York, NY February 2016 to January 2017 Responsibilities:  • Experience in deploying, managing and developing MongoDB clusters.  • Familiar with Clusters, Performance tuning, backup and recovery.  • Used multiple read concern level options to make sure a level of isolation for application reads.  • Applied write concern for level of acknowledgement while MongoDB write operations and to avoid rollback.  • Configured to read data from secondary server to reduce load on primary in replica set environment.  • Considering storage optimization for small documents.  • Used document references to query data from multiple collections.  • Experienced in performing Backup and recovery using MMS and Ops manager.  • Installation of MongoDB RPM's, Tar Files and preparing YAML config files.  • Performed Data Migration between multiple environments using mongodump and mongo restore commands.  • Coordinated with application team in installation, configuration and troubleshoot issues with Apache, Web logic on Linux servers  • Evaluating the Indexing strategies to support queries and sort documents using index keys.  • Enabled Journaling across all mongo instances for auto recovery of data after unexpected shutdown.  • Used MongoDB internal tools like Mongo Compass, Mongo Atlas Manager & Ops Manager, Cloud Manager etc.  • Worked on MongoDB database concepts such as locking, transactions, indexes, sharding, replication and schema design.  • Worked with huge reporting collections to wipe out aged data based on requirements.  • Worked on creating different type of indexes based on different collections to get good performance in MongoDB.  • Configured delayed secondary's to avoid human failures in coding and development.  • Responsible for Ops Manager monitoring, performance tuning and trouble shooting tasks  • Experience in creating JavaScript for using DML operation with MongoDB.  • Created multiple databases with sharded collections and choosing shard key based on the requirements.  • Configuring high availability using geographical MongoDB replica sets across multiple data centers.  • Experience in analyzing chunk migrations, splitting and balancing across the cluster.  • Experienced in troubleshooting with good organizational and interpersonal skills.  Environment: MongoDB, Sharding, Replication, Shell Scripting, AWS, Java Script. Database Administrator Intercept Pharmaceuticals - New York, NY August 2015 to December 2016 Responsibilities:  • Performed migration from MySQL to MongoDB V 3.0.11.  • Performed migration without any kind of impact on students, faculty and university administration.  • Installed MongoDB, configured, setup backup, recovery, upgrade and tuning and data integrity.  • Worked on creation of databases, collections and deployed JavaScripts using mongo shell.  • Performed query construction for further business requirements.  • Performed CRUD operations on the data imported.  • Overcame challenges like data migration from MySQL to MongoDB.  • Usage of tools like RoboMongo, MongoVue and NoSQL Manager for migration of data between databases without any kind of data loss.  • Responsible for managing MongoDB environment with high availability, performance and scalability perspectives.  • Performed operations related to sizing, query optimization, backup and recovery, security and upgrades including administration functions as part as profiling under assistance. MYSQL DBA May 2014 to December 2015 Description:  Wisdom Sprouts has been continuously engaged with clients working on searching new techniques to have an optimized process of Data Migration. It worked on Migration between NoSQL and SQL databases, developed an end-to-end data migration, and also to migrate data from multiple system (s) or source (s) to ERP application.    Responsibilities:  • Designed an RDBMS database used as the analysis database while ensuring the analysis data confirmed to the designs set out for the database.  • Experience in diagnosing and resolving data integrity issues which ensures both consistency and accuracy.  • Experienced in maintaining backup, recovery policies and procedures for databases.  • Maintained security which includes creating and maintaining users and roles.  • Designated and assigned database and table privileges for those users and roles.  • Experience in setting up database tuning, monitoring and administration using dbForge studio  • Created customer-facing trend analysis and internal analysis reports and dash boards using tableau.  • Migrated SQl server database into MySQL using Data Transformation Services. MySQL Database Engineer January 2013 to May 2014 Description:  Innominds is a dedicated product incubator for technology industry clients seeking help with Design, Technology and Engineering solutions across all stages of their product life cycle.    Responsibilities:  • Developed database objects like tables, views, indexes, synonyms and sequences.  • Creation of tables, join conditions, correlated sub-queries, nested queries, views, sequences, synonyms for the business application development.  • Data purging to remove unnecessary columns eliminate redundant and inconsistent data by using SSIS transformations.  • Worked with various dataflow tasks like merge join, merge, aggregate, OLE DB command and conditional split while designing SSIS packages.  • Designed layout of SSRS reports and determine the best way to present data to end users.  • Developed SSRS reports and dashboards using Microsoft Reporting Services Platform (SSRS), Microsoft SQL, MS Excel, pivot tables.  • Implementation of support of ETL process using SSIS packages in SQL server 2008  • Created materialized views to calculate aggregated data, such as sum of monthly avenue.  • Developed PL/SQL code for updating payment terms.  • Development of PL/SQL program units and sharing them among multiple applications for processing business logic in the database.  • Testing all forms, PL/SQL code for logic correction.  Environment: SQL, PL/SQL, SQL *Loader, Forms/Reports 6i, UNIX MySQL Support DBA CommSure knowledge Solutions March 2012 to December 2013 Description:  Commsure is a training company which continues to grow on a tripod of verticals like campus training solutions, corporate training services and learning products and services.    Responsibilities:  • Installation and setup of MySQL 5.1 Enterprise and Community servers on Windows/Linux  • Configuration of primary and disaster recovery sites for application and database servers.  • Assisted in configuring, monitoring, upgrading and maintaining application database related infrastructure.  • Managed Application Database system using MySQL and resolved all performance issues.  • Executed database security standards along with the database maintenance.  • Creating procedures and functions for reporting and ETL purpose.  • Database optimization by tuning queries for various modules in the project for better performance.  • Created validation rules for performing data validations based on the user profile and their record type.  • Created and customized reports and dashboards.  • Working with various MySQL tools like MySQL workbench, MySQL Administrator, MySQL GUI tools, MySQL performance monitor, MySQL migration toolkit.  Key Technologies: MySQL, Linux Server DBA Value Labs June 2010 to February 2012 Responsibilities:  • Involved in installation of SQL Sever 2012 and SQL Sever 2014 in newer environments.  • Installed and Applied patches to the existing SQL Sever and Upgrading SQL Sever.  • Installed SQL Sever Active-Active and Active-Passive clusters.  • Configured SQL Sever jobs for Index maintenance, Database Consistency jobs, Database backup jobs and Alerts.  • Ensured regular database backups and recommend the appropriate recovery models for the production databases as per the database usage.  • Setup SQL Sever Disaster Recovery.  • Automated weekly and monthly non-production database refreshes.  • Involved in providing SQL DBA Production support and Management.  • Configured High Availability practices like Log Shipping, Database Mirroring and Replication.  • Set up database snapshots on the secondary mirror database for reporting purpose.  • Responsible for maintaining SQL Sever security and granting access to users as per requirement.  • Performed SQL Sever Performance Tuning and optimization.  • Performed SQL Sever database sizing, partitioning and archiving/purging.  • Developed SSRS reports on the DBA metrics data.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1389.html#434:::Agile Scrum Master;Oracle/MSSQL Server Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Agile Scrum;Jira;Scrum Master;Rally;CSM;Scrum;Kanban;Certified Scrum Master:::Agile Scrum Master Agile Scrum Master Agile Scrum Master - BLUE CROSS BLUE SHIELD Dallas, TX • Lean- Agile Change Agent and servant leader with over 5 years of experience in leading teams in Agile software delivery  • Excellent team player and protects the scrum team while also providing un-biased transparency on progress.  • Tracking and maintaining product backlog, burndown chat metrics, team velocity and sprint/release progress  • Thorough understanding of the SDLC cycle  • Expert at driven the adoption and enforcement of scrum rules, removing impediment and fostering self-management  • Empowered teams to self-organize and grow cross-functionality  • Excellent communicator, team leader/player and can work alone with minimal or no supervision.  • outstanding problem solving, judgment, and decision-making skill  • Excellent motivator and great ability to multitask  • Highly organized, functions well in a high-intensity, and constantly changing environment Work Experience Agile Scrum Master BLUE CROSS BLUE SHIELD - Richardson, TX January 2015 to Present • Responsible for facilitating agile sprint ceremonies for two scrum teams (Backlog Grooming, Spring Planning, Retrospectives, Demo, Daily Standups)  • Facilitates meetings and assist the product owner to make sure the product backlog is in good shape before the sprint.  • Developed metrics to detect levels of teams' capacity and velocity, accurately estimate projects and to continuously help improve the team's performance from iteration to iteration  • Lead backlog-grooming activities and facilitate clarification on requirements and stories, ensure stories and tasks are properly estimated.  • Provide day-to-day leadership, direction, and coaching to the team to encourage adoption of agile practices best practices.  • Ensure the Product Owner is talking to the team regularly and reviewing the features being delivered  • Assist the Product Owner in setting realistic priorities and expectations of the product under development during the product backlog grooming process.  • Taught Agile Methodology throughout the organization to improve communications between IT, Engineering, Product Management, and Business; providing transparency and obtaining great business value  • Launched software delivery with zero defects, on-time, and under budget ($2M+) yielding immediate ROI of double the budget  • Increased team velocity by 15% within the first 3 months of Agile adoption by incorporating capacity planning into sprint planning sessions  • Facilitated scrum ceremonies (backlog refinement, sprint planning, retrospectives, daily stand-ups, etc.)  • Enacted change and continuous improvement increasing the productivity of Scrum teams by 15% and the quality of deliverables by 30%  • Empowered teams to self-organize, grow cross-functionality, and protected them from over-commitment  • Ensured roadblocks/issues were resolved within 24 hours and managed the lifecycle of code development, from ideation to sprints to deployment  • Effectively tracked and communicated sprint/release progress to senior leadership  • Make sure the capacity of the team is transparent so they do not get overloaded and can operate at a sustainable pace  • Identify, monitor and manage Risks to the sprint in collaboration with the Product Owner, assigning sufficient resources and time to address the risks throughout the project  • Assist the Product Owner in setting realistic priorities and expectations of the product under development during the product backlog grooming process.  • Initiated and maintained teambuilding exercises to boost team morale and collaboration.    STAPLES, FRAMINGHAM, MA DECEMBER 2014 - DECEMBERY 2015  Role:Scrum Master  • Manage projects within the IT Security domain leading project teams through all phases of both waterfall project lifecycle and agile framework.  • Follow Agile philosophy, strategy, tools and processes like Scrum, SAFe with wide spread adoption  • Manage onshore & offshore teams to deliver quality products which led to over $1M in quarterly revenue  • Facilitate team and cross-team retrospectives to build good working relationships among 3 agile teams across 2 cities  • Coached product owner to gather effective requirements resulting in improved deliverables.  • Maintained burn-down charts, facilitated daily standup, retrospectives, sprint reviews or sprint planning Sessions  • Worked with 3 scrum teams parallel with total of 23 team development team members, with more self-organized and cross functional environment, led to increase productivity by 18%  • Collaborate with members of the Product, Business and Engineering Teams to develop and maintain Product Backlogs  • Encourage and facilitate cross-team coordination and collaboration  • Develop test approaches and test plans to test application enhancements and changes against documented business requirements, in a manner, which results in a high quality solution meeting the functional and non-functional requirements of the end user.  • Facilitate scrum ceremonies (backlog refinement, sprint planning, retrospectives, daily stand-ups, etc.)  • Remove impediments, manage the lifecycle of code development, and track velocity using story points and burn down charts  • Effectively track and communicate sprint/release progress to senior leadership  • Liaised between the product owner, stakeholder and development team to ensure user stories/acceptance criteria is clearly defined, understood, and implemented successfully  • Delivered multiple large-scale projects that had direct and measurable cost savings, and shorter time to market  • Created self-organizing agile teams, training them in the scrum process and encouraging self-governance  • Worked with Product Owners team to create vision statement, DoR and DoD  • Partnered with product owner by communicating updates, and assisted with backlog maintenance  • Created information radiators through Scrum boards and burn down charts to bring accountability and improve efficiency  • Lead the transformation of the teams from waterfall to agile methodology Evangelized the values of self-organization, and cross functionality, while facilitating scrum ceremonies  • Provided visibility to team impediments and risks to senior leadership while working on eliminating them  • Work closely with designers, developers, and business SMEs to effectively assure delivery of a quality project  • Support continuous improvement of team quality management practices, such as defect management, manual testing  • Assists with and supports the maintenance of statistical, metric-based reporting of testing progress, including clear and concise reports and dashboards. Oracle/MSSQL Server Database Administrator EOG Resources Inc - Houston, TX April 2012 to December 2014 • DBA supporting three major projects from Development to Production via Tech-Test environments, involving daily configuration, administration all running on IBM AIX 5.2 & 5.3. Database sizes range from 4GB to 2TB (in ODS & EDW environments).  • Providing 24x7 supports for production databases from versions 10g, 11g and 12c via Linus, AIX, Windows and Solaris servers  • Installation, configuration, maintenance and tuning of Oracle 11g and 10g on Red hat 5.0, IBM-AIX 5.3.  • Implemented oracle 12c active standby database for test database environment.  • Implemented oracle 12c flexi asm for pre-prod environment.  • Utilized rman recover table functionality and created proof of concepts for our pre-prod environment.  • Used PUTTY, SQL Developer and OEM for managing and supporting databases  • Extensive knowledge in Hot/Cold Backup, Recovery and Cloning of databases using RMAN with VERITAS Net Backup  • Wrote scripts for Backup of databases and maintenance of archive logs for databases  • Scheduling and Monitoring backups on crontab  • Creating and managing users and objects  • Extensive working knowledge of SQL, PL/SQL, and shell scripting  • Used traditional export-import and DataPump for refreshing schemas, tables and different objects  • Planned and implemented Oracle 11g RAC and Standby Databases Data Guard for High availability and Disaster Recovery.  • Experience in Installation, Configuration, Maintenance and Tuning of Oracle 10g, 11g and 12c RAC databases  • Troubleshooting critical issues on production/ development environments  • Using the oracle utilities like TKPROF and AWR for Performance and Tuning of Database  • Identified long-running database queries, refining queries for better performance, and working with end- users to implement changes  • Applying upgrade patch, maintenance and patches on all the databases.  • Installed Microsoft SQL Server 2008/2012  • support over 200 dev, test and prod databases on sql server management studio  • Used SQL server management studio (SSMS) to managed and monitored SQL databases  • Scheduling and monitoring jobs using SQL Server Agent on SSMS  • Generate reports using PA performance Tools  • Restored SQL Server Databases from FULL, DIFFERENTIAL, and TRANSACTIONAL logs backups  • Shrink LOGS to create space when needed to ensure application operation  • Monitored overall system performance and Database growth  • Strong analytical problem solving and excellent communication skills with ability to work within team environment and independently Oracle Database Administrator Oracle Corporation June 2010 to March 2012 • Performed Installation and configuration of Oracle 10.2.0.1 database on HP-UX platform.  • Successfully performed migrations from Oracle 10g/11g to 11gR2 RAC (Real Application) Database.  • Implemented Logical and Physical Standby Databases for RAC cluster on Sun Solaris platform using Data Guard feature of Oracle 11g R2.  • Planning Backup/Restoration Strategy, Planning and scheduling Backups, taking Logical Backups (with Export and Data pump utilities).  • Creating & Managing Database Structures, Storage Allocation, Table/Index segments, Constraints, Database Access, Roles and Privileges.  • Performance tuning of Queries by maintaining Aggregates, Compression, partition, Indexing and use of Hints, Stored outlines, Statistics for the same.  • Performance tuning and diagnosing DBMS and individual Production databases, organized various migration review meetings with the application team to discuss the migration strategy based on their requirements.  • Cloned/Migrated databases using RMAN and traditional Data Pump export/import utilities in Oracle 11gR2.  • Implemented recovery strategies whenever required and successfully recovered databases in case database crash, media/disk failures by using RMAN.  • Scheduling the Physical backups (hot & cold) in CRON tab using RMAN utility and monitoring the scheduled jobs.  • Applied patches 10.2.0.2 and 10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4.  • Responsible for Creating Users, Groups, Roles, Profiles and assigning the users to groups and grant necessary privileges to the relevant groups.  • Constantly monitor the performance (V$ dynamic performance views at peak load) of the Databases and viewing Alert log files & Trace files.  • Cloning databases using scripts as well as RMAN and performed tablespace point in time recovery (TSPITR) using RMAN and user managed backups.  • Implemented Streams replication between RAC and non-RAC database environments.  • Installed Oracle 12c Enterprise Manager (Grid control) for diagnosing and monitoring performance related problems and configured with Application servers on test databases.  • Assisted a team of DBA's in upgrade of databases from Oracle 10g Release 2 to Oracle 11g Release 2.  • Monitoring and tuning using tools like Enterprise Manager GRID, Oracle Cost Based Optimizer (CBO) SQL analyzer, automatic checkpoint tuning, SQL Advisors, Performance Manager and Statspack.  • Performed conversion single instance to Real Application Cluster (RAC) Database instances.  • Utilized Oracle Streams to capture, propagate, and apply the transfer of data, transactions, and events within managed databases.  • Used SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN utilities for optimizing and tuning SQL queries.  • Maintained data integrity and security using integrity constraints and database triggers.  • Provided 24X7 supports for all the production and development databases. Education Master's Degree in Health Care Administration Anna Maria College - Paxton, MA August 2014 Bachelor' of science in Health Science Dominican College - Orangeburg, NY May 2012 Skills Agile Scrum, Jira, Scrum Master, Rally, CSM, Scrum, Kanban, Certified Scrum Master
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\139.html#435:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;DATA MIGRATION (3 years);DATABASE (4 years);SECURITY;PERFORMANCE TUNING (4 years);CLONING (3 years);DBA;Oracle Dba;Solution Architect;AWS;Linux;Python:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - Arafat Travel Arlington Heights, IL Detail-oriented, proactive, and performance-focused professional, offering broad-based experience in Oracle database administration, project development life cycle, and solutions development. I have worked on Oracle 10g, 11g and 12c versions across different platforms such as Linux, Unix, and Windows. I have done database administration duties including production support. I have also been getting experienced in AWS.    • Experience in setting up AWS environments. EC2 instances, EBS Volumes, Load balancers, Dynamo DB, Aurora, Route 53, Cloudfront, Cloudwatch, and Cloudtrail.  • Experience in setting up Data Guard.  • Experience working with App Team in reviewing their Data Model and Design.  • Managing Databases changes for the releases.  • Reviewing DDL and recommending corrections and modifications to the App team.  • Experience with Toad and OEM.  • Experienced in Performance Tuning using EXPLAIN PLAN, and STATSPACK.  • Have ample knowledge in implementing policies, and procedures for disaster recovery and archival processing to ensure data protection.  • Experience with SQL coding including DDL, DML and fine-tuning those SQL's for better performance.  • Experience in using 11g features Flash-Back Recovery, Data Pump, AWR, ASM, ADDM, ASH, Recycle Bin, 10g Grid Monitoring. Expert in RMAN backups including full, incremental and cumulative.  • Excellent knowledge in Flashback Recovery, Hot/Cold Backup and Cloning/Refresh of databases using RMAN. Experience in applying patches/ patch sets to the databases.  • Extensively worked on Import/Export and Data Pump Import/Export tools.  • Knowledge in configuring ASM (Automatic Storage Management)  • Expert in implementing High Availability solutions with Oracle 11g RAC, Oracle Data Guard and replication using Streams.  • Planned and implemented high availability solutions such as Real Application Cluster (RAC) in Oracle 12c.  • Highly experienced in Oracle 11g, 10g Automatic Storage Management (ASM) required to fulfil the storage needs.  • High ability to analyze and understand the AWR reports and can fine tune the databases for maximum performance.  • Install, configure and upgrade to Oracle 12c; consolidate multiple databases into multi-tenant database containers; evaluate and implement latest database technology and new Oracle 12c features.  • Perform database monitoring and tuning to ensure databases run at peak performance; troubleshooting production performance issues.  • Extensively managed users, privileges, profiles, schemas using Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM).  • Configured Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) Grid Control (in Oracle 11g, 10g) for the purpose of monitoring multiple databases and application servers.  • Proficient in complete, incomplete recovery of the database, Point in Time Recovery (PITR), and Tablespace Point in Time Recovery (TSPITR) using RMAN utility.  • Knowledge of Database Recovery Techniques and implementation of those recovery techniques to ensure business continuity.  • Expertise in maintaining Database Security using auditing. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Arafat Travel - Chicago, IL 2017 to January 2019 • Experience in AWS, launched EC2 instances, Aurora DB, EBS volumes, Load Balancers, and AMI groups  • Conducted Oracle database administration tasks for customer, in charge of improving database performance, restoring, and implementing recovery processes while overseeing performance tuning and performing regular system backups using ping to examine connectivity with client and server  • Administered operating system tuning by utilizing top command to see load average, CPU, memory, and zombie processes; which includes database and applications through ASH, AWR, ADDM, EXPLAIN PLAN, and Statspack, and SQL Trace  • Expertly managed database creation and configuration through Database Configuration Assistant (DBCA) along with database upgrades utilizing Database Upgrade Assistant (DBUA) and shell scripts  • Utilized data pump in performing numerous schema, object, and overall database refreshes  • Organized tablespace threshold alerts and checks for password expiration through the use of database and OEM grid control  • Served as database administrator (DBA) responsible for tablespace and database migrations across endian format platforms utilizing RMAN for file conversion; database backup and recovery on backup window and service level agreement (SLA) through recovery manager (RMAN) and user manage; logical backups using data pump; and backup scheduling  • Led the execution of standard auditing, fine grained auditing, and value-based auditing, as well as security base on company SLA by creating users, expiring their passwords, and delegating necessary roles and privileges in accordance with SLA  • Experience in Backup-Recovery Models for MS SQL Server.    ENVIRONMENT: Oracle 12C RAC, 11g RAC, LINUX, OEM, Grid Control, RMAN, ASM  Windows XP/Vista/Win7. Oracle Database Administrator Chase Bank - Chicago, IL 2014 to 2017 • Utilized explain plan and Oracle optimizer to improve SQL statements performance, handled and monitored tablespace and data files mount point growth  • Conducted user requirements and troubleshooting activities and promptly addressed connectivity issues  • Led the execution and maintenance of daily backup and archived data on tape, while developing user accounts as well as system and user-level database objects  • Held accountability on data export and import through appropriate tools, as well as 11g to 12c migration  • Experience in advanced primary database storage structures and objects, and operate system security for database users  • Tracked database instances and storage space for production environments and developed storage requests to UNIX groups  • Observed RMAN back-up operations and schedules as required, while controlling database and schema refresh from production to creation  • Fulfilled on-call DBA functions every month and assisted end users on Oracle  • Utilized ddl scripts to define a table using Create or alter command and dml scripts to modify table records using insert, update and delete statements to query databases  • Performed general DBA activities like user management, tablespace management, and security management of the databases.  • Performed general tasks like, database patching, OEM Agent installations/patching,  • Monitoring disk space utilizations, sizing, and capacity planning.  • Involved in the data migration from Oracle 11g on both RAC and Non-RAC databases.  • Experience performing database Refresh/Cloning from production for Dev & QA environments using RMAN  • Installed 11g OEM agent on the servers using silent installation method.  • Used import/export, Data Pump, to refresh databases, tables, schemas from production as when requested by the application team.  • Performance Tuning of high volume databases  • Experience in Performance tuning of a database using EXPLAIN PLAN, SQLTRACE, TKPROF, STATSPACK, AWR, ADDM. Education Some college Skills DATA MIGRATION (3 years), DATABASE (4 years), SECURITY, PERFORMANCE TUNING (4 years), CLONING (3 years), DBA, Oracle Dba, Solution Architect, AWS, Linux, Python Certifications/Licenses AWS Solutions Architect AWS Developer Oracle Certified Associate 12C AWS SYSOPS AWS Security Additional Information AREAS OF EXPERTISE    • Data Migration  • Customer Service  • Data Security  • Performance Tuning  • Data Guard  • 24/7 Production Support  • Capacity Monitoring  • Backup and Recovery Administration  • Database Creation and Configuration  • Patching and Upgrade  • Cloning and Refresh  • Rac    • AWS
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1390.html#436:::Director of Payroll Operations;Project Manager / HRIS Implementation Consultant;Program Manager/ Database Administrator-HRIS/Payroll-HR;Adp;Kronos;People soft;Security;Oracle;Human Resource;Adp Payroll:::Director of Payroll Operations Director of Payroll Operations Director of Payroll Operations Chicago, IL Payroll/HRIS Management Professional with 15 years of experience, with a background in processing and implementation of various Human Capital Management. Mastery to manage and create process and improvements. Highly collaborative corporate leader and trusted boardroom confidant. Communicates effectively, institutes initiatives and creates positive change, efficiently.    Extensive competencies in:  * Payroll Management * Full Life-Cycle Implementation * HRIS Systems  * Workforce, Talent, & Time Management * Data Conversion * Enterprise Trainer * Organizational & Staff Development * Program Management & Implementation Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Director of Payroll Operations Lyric Opera of Chicago - Chicago, IL 2017 to 2019 Chicago, IL 2017-2019  Well-known opera company putting on lavish performances in the massive Art Deco Civic Opera House.    Director of Payroll Operations  Managed a team of 4 payroll professionals, processing 2 Weekly and 3 Bi-weekly payrolls for 1200 employees.    • Managed to transform the Lyric payroll department, by documenting processes and improvements for employees to process efficiently and in doing so saving the company over $100K.  • Managed to cross train all Payroll employees on all payrolls, allowing to have coverage and work life balance.  • Coordinated with Union Representative to ensure all Collective Barging Agreements work rules were adhered to as they relate to payroll and benefit payments. Resulting in reducing/eliminating late fees and penalties associated with late benefits payments.  • Served as a primary team member working with human resources, operation and Sr. Management teams for the conversion/upgrade of the payroll, time and attendance systems. Project Manager / HRIS Implementation Consultant Lyric Opera of Chicago 2016 to 2017 • Transition the Payroll system from Paylocity to ADP Workforce Now.  • Implemented the eTime time attendance for 250 employees over a 12-month period.  Metra - Program Manager / HRIS Manager  • Managed a team of 4 HR and IT professionals that ensured the HR system administration data integrity and security for union and non-union company employees records.  Museum of Science and Industry Chicago - Project Manager / HRIS Implementation Consultant  • Managed a team of 5 that cleaned HR/Payroll Data after their migration to ADP Workforce Now. Program Manager/ Database Administrator-HRIS/Payroll-HR PLS Financial Services - Chicago, IL 2013 to 2016 Chicago, Illinois 2013-2016  A financial institution providing, Loans, tax preparation, and other financial services.    Program Manager/ Database Administrator-HRIS/Payroll-HR  Managed the integrity, security, configuration and performance of ADP Human Capital Management Suite for 5000+ employees in 12 states.    • Led project that implemented ADP eTime time and attendance, saving over $3M a year in overstated timecards.  • Developed eTime training guidelines and document procedures which were adopted company wide. Education Master of Public Business Administration in Human Resources & Health Management Keller Graduate School of Management - Chicago, IL Bachelor of Science degree in Business Management & Human Resources in Business Management & Human Resources DeVry University - Chicago, IL Skills Adp, Kronos, People soft, Security, Oracle, Human Resource, Adp Payroll Additional Information Technical skills    * ADP Work Force Now * ADP eTIME 8.0 * ADP Portal Security/Administration  * ADP Reporting * People Soft * Ulti-Pro  * Oracle * Kronos Work Force Ready, Central and Timekeeping
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1391.html#437:::Data Visualization Analyst;Mailing and Database Analyst;Database Marketing Administrator;Staff Accountant Accounts Payable;Revenue Auditor;Hotel Data Entry Specialist;Microsoft access;Microsoft sql server;Sql server;Oracle;Sql:::Data Visualization Analyst Data Visualization Analyst Data Visualization Analyst - Stericycle Glen Ellyn, IL Seeking a position that best utilizes my skillset and expand my knowledge base Work Experience Data Visualization Analyst Stericycle - Northbrook, IL October 2018 to Present • Use Alteryx to match prospect leads to database for various lists from vendors such as healthcare group purchasing organizations  • Identify site penetration white space for better lead optimization  • Optimize manual processes by making them more automated  • Conduct sensitive data pulls and conduct analysis for legal purposes  • Prepare, cleanse, and manipulate data sets for pricing analysis on different customer classes  • Utilize Tableau to discover insights, adjust dashboards, and create various visualizations  • Compile competitor information to construct a map to analyze competitor density and service comparisons Mailing and Database Analyst Grand Victoria Casino - Elgin, IL July 2016 to October 2018 • Analyze direct mail and email campaigns for maximizing ROI, profitability, incremental revenue  • Designing and implementing AB and test/control testing  • Building segmentation based on frequency, average worth, average spend, geographic  • Running simulations on what if scenarios to right size spend and revenues  • Allocating spend and revenue to match budget and forecasts  • Complete month to month mail cycle: Compiling, sending, and proofing data from CRM with SQL  • Create incentives in the CRM software  • Assist in planning and creation of monthly marketing campaigns and calendar strategy  • Assist Director with quarterly presentations, ad hoc requests, ad hoc analysis, and host incentive plan  • Create and monitor Advertising, Marketing, and Player Development budget  • Implement database strategy for customer segmentation  • Monitor and adjust offers for customer segments Database Marketing Administrator Rivers Casino - Des Plaines, IL April 2015 to July 2016 • Campaign analysis with emphasis on marketing profit margins  • Developed rolling 12-month segment analysis tool  • Data validation  • Complete month to month mail cycle: Compiling, sending, and proofing data from CRM with SQL  • Create incentives in the CRM software  • Assist Database Marketing Manager and Director of Marketing in analyzing effectiveness of programs and promotions by utilizing data mining and pro formas and any other effective methodology  • Perform ad hoc requests for various departments utilizing SQL and Excel  • Review monthly P&L and research variances to ensure accuracy for budgetary purposes  • Serve as liaison between marketing and IT on issues related to data mining and database integrity Staff Accountant Accounts Payable Rivers Casino December 2013 to April 2015 • Process invoices and work closely with vendors to ensure timely payments  • Reconcile statements to ensure accuracy of inventory and accounting systems  • Assist in month end processes for prepay accounts, accrual entries, and corrective entries  • Research variances in various balance sheet and P&L accounts Revenue Auditor Rivers Casino March 2012 to December 2013 • Perform daily audits on electronic gaming devices, cage accountability, live games and redemption kiosks.  • Review daily work and coordinated coworkers for daily audit completion and tax submission  • Report and maintain daily revenues from all outlets. Hotel Data Entry Specialist ALE Solutions - Saint Charles, IL July 2011 to March 2012 • Generate invoices for billing  • Enter client stay history into Database Education Bachelor of Science in Accountancy in Accountancy Northern Illinois University - DeKalb, IL May 2010 Skills Microsoft access, Microsoft sql server, Sql server, Oracle, Sql
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1392.html#438:::Database Specialist II;Billing Coordinator;Office Administrator;Operations Specialist;Substitute Computer Technician;Call Center Reporting Specialist;Sql server;Sql server 2005;Sql;80 wpm;Customer service;Microsoft office;Microsoft office 2010;Office 2010;Windows 10;Windows 7;Windows xp;Mac;Mac os;Excellent customer service skills;Written and verbal:::Database Specialist II <span class="hl">Database</span> Specialist II Database Specialist Ellwood City, PA Work Experience Database Specialist II Remote Database Experts - Warrendale, PA March 2016 to Present • Provided detailed monitoring of jobs and logs for SQL Server.  • Responded to issues within time determined by SLA, handle entry level database tasks for SQL Server.  • Database and Operating System troubleshooting and problem resolution to environments including, but not limited to, SQL and Windows.  • Maintained documentation in Word and Excel as well as Service Now workload management system.  • Developed scripts in Shell and VBS related to monitors and automation of checks.  • Responsible for maintaining the Big Brother monitoring tool. Billing Coordinator Brian Patten and Associates January 2018 to October 2018 Cranberry Twp., PA  • Coordinating, and has direct responsibility for, duties and sets of tasks related the billing team  • Facilitating work distribution to service team members (including self) as tasks and cases  • Serving as principal source of information on established team processes and procedures  • Drafting, editing and preparing payment artifacts  • Creating and running reports using benefits administration systems  • Communicating with clients is it relates to the payment process  • Overseeing and working audits  • Maintaining Salesforce billing team information by serving as the Salesforce point person  • Spearheading use of Salesforce when performing necessary duties  • Providing for smooth day-to-day flow of communications within the team  • Handles Email correspondence. Office Administrator Brian Patten and Associates February 2017 to January 2018 Cranberry Twp., PA  • Provides administrative support for Account Executives  • Assists in bookkeeping with accounts receivable; data entry and check invoicing with QuickBooks and MS Excel  • Handled database tasks using MySQL  ? Manually building deduction files & carrier feeds based off paperwork  ? Auditing paperwork against vendor files and deduction files  ? Researching policy/employee-level information such as: policy status, deduction status, employment status  ? Reporting changes to vendors such as employee terminations  • Serving visitors at the front desk by greeting, welcoming, and directing them appropriately  • Answering the telephone; screening and forwarding incoming phone calls  • Receiving and sorting daily mail and deliveries Operations Specialist Lifetouch National School Studios - Butler, PA February 2014 to February 2016 • Retrieved, organized, and processed student and staff data for picture day purposes  ? 550 accounts with over 100,000 student and staff  • Maintained accurate and complete digital and paper filing systems.  ? Provide clerical support necessary for territory including typing, ordering supplies, copying, and distributing mail  • Used decision-making and problem solving to meet individual and team quality and productivity standards within the production environment  • Ensured office equipment is kept in working order  ? Reduced product expenses by deducing from 2 printer systems to 1  ? Combined Color Printer and Fax machine into 1 system  • Entered photography job information into Lifetouch systems  • Communicated with processing labs, as needed, to work through job problems Substitute Computer Technician Ellwood City Area School District - Ellwood City, PA November 2013 to February 2014 • Uphold and Repaired Equipment  ? Replacements of Monitor screens, Keyboard keys, Discs drives, etc.  • Installed Hardware and/or Software systems  ? Set up Windows and OSX operating systems to new computers  ? Installed school-specific software  ? Formatted and/or updated older computers  • Set up computer security measures  ? Installed Virus software  • Configured computer networks  ? Configured IP Addresses to new computers  ? Ran and sliced Ethernet cables for district's security cameras  • Offered on-site technical support  * Troubleshoot a variety of computer issues, i.e. Printer issues Call Center Reporting Specialist Education Management Corporation - Pittsburgh, PA August 2010 to October 2013 • Newly developed position built to show various analysis of the Call Center department  ? Over 100 representatives  • Developed and maintained accurate database materials for reference  • Created accurate reports to assist management with performance, management, and productions results  ? Recruitment numbers  ? Employee performance metrics  ? Return on Investment Assessment - how quickly inquiries resulted in student retention  • Assisted with other data entry and supporting initiatives  • Solicited recommendations to management to improve service time and drive enrollment higher  ? Resulted in improved corporate efficiencies  • Became skilled with a clear understanding of student information systems and reporting tools Education Bachelor of Science in Information Technology in Information Technology American Public University - Charles Town, WV November 2017 Bachelor of Arts in History in History Slippery Rock University - Slippery Rock, PA May 2009 Skills Sql server, Sql server 2005, Sql, 80 wpm, Customer service, Microsoft office, Microsoft office 2010, Office 2010, Windows 10, Windows 7, Windows xp, Mac, Mac os, Excellent customer service skills, Written and verbal
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1393.html#439:::Computer Systems Analyst/Programmer - Database Support;Database Administrator;Business Analyst;Student Teacher;Microsoft access;Microsoft sql server;Sql server;Oracle;Pl/sql;Sql;Html;Vba;Visio;Xml;Unix;Etl;Java;Microsoft excel;Microsoft word:::Computer Systems Analyst/Programmer - Database Support Computer Systems Analyst/Programmer - <span class="hl">Database</span> Support Computer Systems Analyst/Programmer - Database Support - United States Postal Service Scott Township, PA Database Developer/Analyst with 6+ years of experience including database design, PL/SQL,  performance tuning, data analysis, programming, requirements gathering, troubleshooting, production  support, post-production management/maintenance, reporting, testing, and quality assurance.  Personable team player with a passion for success and overall professional and personal improvement  through experience and education. Work Experience Computer Systems Analyst/Programmer - Database Support United States Postal Service 2015 to Present Lead database developer for several user-facing web applications responsible for database  management, maintenance, production support, ad-hoc reporting, query optimization, design, data  gathering, and analysis  ? Worked closely with business system analysts to translate business requirements to database  design/structure while creating efficient packages, procedures, tables, views, and functions as part of creation, enhancement, and management of several applications at one time  ? Worked on numerous, varied applications including USPS's global ecommerce payment system;  voice services which included Amazon Alexa and Google Home applications; USPS's skunkworks  team developing new technology; identity verification team dealing with secure handling of PII data, LOA levels, FBI Fingerprinting services, and new revenue-generating user services  ? Used Oracle databases to gather and analyze data to improve application performance; identify  discrepancies, vulnerabilities, or fraudulent activity; resolve production incidents; and provide  reporting to the business  ? Took on the role of mentor to train and provide direction to less experienced members of the team Database Administrator Jenkins Township, PA 2015 to 2015 Lead developer for multiple Excel-based applications centered around daily work production using  VBA  ? Developed and executed Oracle SQL Queries for ad-Hoc reporting  ? Collaborated with reporting analysts to acquire accurate data for reports for the client and developed reporting dashboards Business Analyst TMG Health - Jessup, PA 2013 to 2015 Lead developer responsible for converting the Quality Department's database from Microsoft Access  to SQL Server; thereby increasing production performance by 130%  ? Responsible for maintaining and troubleshooting departmental SQL Server database and front-end  Microsoft Access interface  ? Collaborated with multiple departments to develop and execute both standard and ad-hoc reporting  in order to meet clients' needs  ? Collected and analyzed data to be used in business requirements and process improvement plans  ? Used my proficiency in front-end interface and back-end database tables to investigate and solve  production issues  ? Became proficient in writing business rules using Drools Expert for web-based enrollment  application  ? Used my hands-on experience to improve performance by training fellow team members in SQL Student Teacher Grades Mathematics, Lake-Lehman High School - Lehman, PA 2012 to 2012 Collaborated daily with cooperating teacher in planning mathematics curriculum for ~115 students, with needs ranging from emotional support to gifted  ? Taught mathematics courses ranging from Geometry, Algebra, Remedial Algebra, Precalculus, and Calculus  ? Integrated technology into the classroom using Promethean Boards, Mathematica, GeoGebra, Khan  Academy, and various tablet apps Education Computer Programming Certificate Luzerne County Community College Present Bachelor of Science in Mathematics in Education Wilkes University - Wilkes-Barre, PA December 2012 Skills Microsoft access, Microsoft sql server, Sql server, Oracle, Pl/sql, Sql, Html, Vba, Visio, Xml, Unix, Etl, Java, Microsoft excel, Microsoft word Additional Information SKILLS  Oracle 11g, 12c and SQL Developer, Microsoft SQL Server, Microsoft Access, PL/SQL, ETL, VBA, Microsoft  Visio, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word, Java, HTML, XML, Unix, Agile, VersionOne, ServiceNow, ALM,  proficient verbal and written communication
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1394.html#440:::Leasing Administrator & Staff Accountant;Advancement Database Analyst;Staff Accountant;Reconciliation Analyst;Intern;Spss;Excellent communication skills;Microsoft office:::Leasing Administrator & Staff Accountant Leasing <span class="hl">Administrator</span> &amp; Staff Accountant Leasing Administrator & Staff Accountant - Widewaters Group, DeWitt, NY Minoa, NY Work Experience Leasing Administrator & Staff Accountant Widewaters Group, DeWitt, NY April 2018 to Present Prepare monthly, quarterly, and annual tenant account reconciliations per lease  ? File monthly, quarterly, and annual sales tax returns for various states  ? Prepare, bill, verify, and post payments for tenant rent and taxes of numerous entities  ? Audit tenant accounts and prepare reports for delinquent payments  ? Maintain communication with various departments and settle disputes on tenant accounts Advancement Database Analyst Cazenovia College - Cazenovia, NY December 2015 to April 2018 Record and analyze all gifts and donations received by the college from various donors  ? Direct gift tracking and data research analysis across several time tables  ? Responsible for the effective retrieval of all constituent records for multiple departments  ? Lead the Institutional Advancement Department in the use of all data-tracking software Staff Accountant Pyramid Management Group - Syracuse, NY August 2014 to December 2015 Prepare and verify journal entries and process payables  ? Perform general ledger analysis and reconciliations for multiple mall accounts  ? Responsible for majority of cash movements for malls, including account transfers, wires, and ACHs  ? Work with field personnel to ensure completeness and integrity of financial information and processing Reconciliation Analyst Rochester Regional Health System - Rochester, NY July 2013 to August 2014 Responsible for timely and accurate daily reconciliation of all patient related cash transactions  ? Provide monthly reconciliation reports to Accounting used for preparing financial statements  ? Identify, research, and resolve any variances in daily cash reconciliation Intern State Farm Insurance - Cazenovia, NY May 2012 to August 2012 Use computer software to research and call prospective clients to raise interest in the company  ? Maintain accurate recording of information on clients and prospective clients Education Bachelor of Professional Studies in Management in Management, Accounting Cazenovia College - Cazenovia, NY May 2013 Accounting Program Director College Honors 2010 to 2013 ACCOUNTING AND BUSINESS COURSE WORK Cazenovia College 2010 to 2011 Skills Spss, Excellent communication skills, Microsoft office Additional Information ? Knowledge of Raiser's Edge, Yardi, SPSS, and all Microsoft Office Applications  ? Excellent communication skills and ability to convey complex information in a coherent manner
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1395.html#441:::Sr. Oracle Database Administrator/AWS Cloud Administrator;Sr. Oracle Database Administrator;Intelligence Analyst;Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator:::Sr. Oracle Database Administrator/AWS Cloud Administrator Sr. Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span>/AWS Cloud <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Sr. Oracle Database Administrator/AWS Cloud Administrator - Martin Federal Consulting Work Experience Sr. Oracle Database Administrator/AWS Cloud Administrator Martin Federal Consulting February 2019 to Present Oracle Infrastructure and Operation database administrator support and Responsible to provide 24x7  database administrative activities over different database servers  • Created User accounts, Roles and granting required access permissions and privileges to the database  based on the applications they are accessing.  • AWS Oracle RDS, Aurora Postgres SQL, MySQL as well as experience managing a large Oracle  database on EMC Storage in a data center environment  • Configured an AWS Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) and Data Base subnet group for isolation of resources within AWS RDS.  • Amazon RDS automatically patches the database software and backs up database, storing the backups for a user-defined retention period.  • Upgraded WebLogic Servers to 12.2.1.3  • Implemented and configured Data Guard for higher availability Sr. Oracle Database Administrator IKUN August 2017 to February 2019 Performed installation of new Middleware software releases, system upgrades, and patches.    • Network with System Administrators, Oracle DBA's, and Information Security Specialist to create and maintain effective production systems.  • Assist DBA's in managing relational database tables and objects based upon both logical and physical data  models.  • Used the WebLogic Server Administration Console to control production-specific deployment details.  • Deployed multiple applications on WebLogic server and maintained load balancing, high availability and fail over functionality  • Created, configured and maintained Weblogic managed servers and server clusters.  • Deployed and maintained web, Java, and enterprise applications.  • Developed an automation tool using shell scripting that would start, stop and check the status of the web  process on application servers from a centralized jump server and generate alarms.  • Participates in disaster recovery planning, including assisting with fault tolerance and disaster recovery plans  • Provide DBA implementation and support for Oracle migrations and upgrades, including environment's using  Oracle Dataguard  • Maintained Database security by performing Security Technical Implementations Guides (STIG's) Intelligence Analyst STOPSO May 2017 to August 2017 • Applied analytical and evaluation techniques to the identification, consideration, and resolution of issues or problems of a procedural or factual nature.  • Knowledge of the theory and principles of management and organization, including administrative  practices and procedures common to organizations, such as those pertaining to areas of responsibility,  channels of communication, delegation of authority, routing of correspondence, filing systems, and storage of files and records.  • Conducts Various Database checks Oracle Database Administrator U.S Department of State January 2016 to April 2017 Assist Senior Staff in technical support, performance tuning, and maintenance of Oracle 11g databases supported  by Data Guard.    • Perform root-cause analysis to troubleshoot and resolve database performance issues using various tools and techniques (i.e. AWR, ADDM and Alert Log).  • Assisted in performance tuning and optimization using the Cost-based Optimizer (CBO) to efficiently execute  SQL statements.  • Assist Senior DBA's with high volume data Extraction, Transformation, and Loading (ETL) using Data Pump,  SQL Loader, and Oracle Streams technologies.    • Responsible for developing and implementing comprehensive backup and recovery strategies for Oracle  databases using RMAN.  • Writing PL/SQL procedures and functions.  • Upgrading databases from Oracle 11g to Oracle 12c  • Created role objects to manage user privileges. Oracle Database Administrator Fem Nursing Services March 2012 to October 2015 s RMAN backup and recovery skills.  s Configured scripts to monitor activity with database.  s Designing and creating schema objects like Database tables, indexes, views, synonyms, and all  schema objects in Oracle.  s Monitored the various database activities such as backup, error logs, space, object, performance, user and session monitoring to ensure proper capacity and availability.  s Upgrading databases from Oracle 9i to Oracle 10g/11g/12c Oracle Database Administrator Best Buy - Annapolis, MD May 2010 to December 2012 Assisted with the installation, configuration and maintenance of Oracle 11g databases.  Developed and changed database objects such as tables, packages and indices using SQL DDL and DML statements.  • Created users, roles, and profiles to manage CPU resources and accessibility.  • Created and executed backups and developed recovery procedures using RMAN.  Assisted with technical documentation outlining requirements, standards, and procedures for database processes.  • Environment: RHEL 5.1 and 6.1, 11g, OEM, RMAN, Data Pump, Diagnostic and Tuning Advisors,  Exports, and Imports  • Refreshed tables and Schemas across environments for testing and other purposes using Data Pump.  • Utilized ASM to provide database storage management.  • Resizing and reorganization of database objects: tables, indexes, rollback segments and redo log files of existing production and development systems. Resizing tablespaces, tables, indexes, and rollback segments Education Master of Business Administration in Business Administration University of Maryland University College - Adelphi, MD Bachelor of Science in Business Administration Frostburg State University - Frostburg, MD
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1396.html#442:::Admin gudang;Operator;Database Administrator/Developer;Cameraman;Administrative Assistant;Windows (5 years);.NET (4 years);sql server, crystal report dan windows server (4 years):::Admin gudang Admin gudang denpasar Work Experience Admin gudang CV Buminet April 2017 to Present Operator PT G4S Securities Services 2014 to 2015 Database Administrator/Developer CV ENOS October 2008 to December 2011 Cameraman PT. Yogyakarta Tugu Televisi (Jogja TV) July 2004 to April 2006 Administrative Assistant PT. Mowgly Indonesia January 2003 to January 2004 Education s1 in Teknik Lingkungan Institut Teknologi Adhi Tama Surabaya - Surabaya 1997 to December 2002 SMAN 4 DENPASAR 1994 to 1997 SMPN 2 DENPASAR 1991 to 1994 SDN 10 Dauh Puri Kauh 1985 to 1991 Skills Windows (5 years), .NET (4 years), sql server, crystal report dan windows server (4 years)
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1397.html#443:::Sr.Net Software Engineer;.Net Developer;.Net Developer/ Database Administrator;.Net Developer;ADO (5 years);ADO.NET (5 years);SQL SERVER (5 years);SQL (5 years);ASP (5 years):::Sr.Net Software Engineer Sr.Net Software Engineer Sr.Net Software Engineer - American Institute of Research Washington, DC • Over 8 years of hands on experience in IT, extensive expertise in Programming. Multi-tasking ability to sketch the plan, prioritize the work and manage the complex projects under aggressive timelines.  • Professional software experience in IT industry includes Requirements Analysis, Design, Development, Maintenance, Enhancement & Production Support of Business Applications.  • Understanding business requirements, functional specification and designing the systems to meet the requirements.  • Expertise in creating Web Forms in ASP.NET, SPAs in Angular JS, Windows Forms using C#, ADO.NET, AJAX.  • Expertise in C#.NET, VB.NET, ASP.NET 4.0/3.5/3.0/2.0, MVC, .NET Compact Framework 3.5,OOD, ADO.NET, XML/XSLT, XSD, XQUERY, HTML/DHTML, CSS, AJAX, Angular JS, JavaScript, SSIS, SSRS, Crystal Reports, MS Visio, IIS, Oracle 11g/10g/9i, SQL server 2005/2008 R2, Visual Studio 2012/2010 and LINQ  • Extensive experience in N-tier architecture.  • Designing applications using UML-Modeling by applying Object Oriented Analysis and Design (OOAD) and design patterns.  • Strong skills in .NET Technologies including .NET Framework 2.0/3.0/3.5/4.0, Windows Forms, Web Forms, User Controls, Custom Controls, Enterprise Level Application Frameworks.  • Expertise in ASP.NET Web Forms, ASP.NET State Management, ASP.NET Caching features, Securing ASP.NET Web Applications, creating Master pages, sitemap, membership, data access and exception handling.  • Extensive involvement in all stages of System Development Life Cycles (SDLC) including Requirements, Logical and Physical Architectural Modeling, Design, Development, Implementation and Support.  • Expertise in database design and database programming in MS-SQL Server 2008/2005 using stored procedures, functions, triggers, SQL Queries, indexes and cursors  • Well adept at using AJAX, CSS, Themes, Skins, and JavaScript to enhance the looks and features of the website.  • Experience in creating and consuming XML Web Services including XML Schema (XSD), SOAP and WSDL.  • Proficient in development of Stored Procedures, Functions, Views, Triggers using T-SQL, PL/SQL.  • Working experience in Microsoft Enterprise library.  • Experienced in Unit test, Functional test, Integration test, UAT and Regression testing.  • Experience in the domains of Healthcare, Banking, Sales, Education, e-Business and Inventory Management.  • Proficient in schedule estimation, resource estimation, project management and tracking.  • Strong ability in communicating with Project Development Team and prioritizing workload  • Proven strength in problem solving, coordination and analysis, strong communication, interpersonal, learning and organizing skills matched with the ability to manage the stress, time and people effectively.    CAREER HIGHLIGHTS    ? Efficiently and productively analyzed all the projects undertaken  ? Experience with C# and leading edge software development models  ? Won appreciations from my superiors for my hard work and efforts shown in meeting the project dead lines  ? Sound ability to develop strategies to achieve personal goals as well as organizational goals  ? Resolved and facilitated my team in number of technical issues Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr.Net Software Engineer American Institute of Research - Washington, DC May 2017 to Present Project: TDS: it's a Test delivery system which provides online testing interface and functionalities to schools ranging from grade 1 to grade12 students. Developed and supported multiple applications.    Responsibilities:  • Developed and supported Havoc (Deployment tool) in C#, Web Forms and Bootstrap CSS for front end to support TDS  • Developed and supported admin application by adding new features and resolving bugs using Asp.Net Web forms, MVC, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax and SQL Server.  • Configured 3-layer encryption for the sensitive information we store in the database.  PROJECT SYSADMIN:  • Rewriting the admin application in Backbone JS, Marionette JS, MVC and SQL Server.  • Implemented Rest services using Web API. Thoroughly tested application using Unit Test cases.  PROJECT CONFIGSMANAGER:  • Developed the application in Angular JS, MVC and SQL Server.  For all the above applications:  • Configured single sign-on using RedHat SSO for the above applications.  • Created n-tier architecture, classes and core modules in C# for implementing business layer.  • Working with SQL Server as a backend database, writing stored procedures, performance tuning, query optimization using optimizer complex queries etc. Used ADO.Net and Entity Framework.  • Experience in implementing Web API/WCF.  • Involved in requirements gathering, design, developing and testing (complete SDLC) Life cycle.  • Configured builds and Deploys in Team City for code deployment.    Environment: C#, ASP.NET, MVC, YUI, Bootstrap CSS, SQL Server 2008/2012, IIS 7.0, JQuery, ADO.NET, Net Framework 4.5, Visual studio 2010/2013, JavaScript, Source Tree, JIRA. .Net Developer Magellan Health - St. Louis, MO April 2015 to May 2017 It's a health care management company. Magellan Health Services co-ordinates and manages the delivery of Behavior, Health Care treatment services that are provided through its contracted network of third party treatment providers.  Project: TMR (Total Member Record): Worked on developing the call center application and a maintenance tool for that.    Responsibilities:  • Involved in gathering, analyzing and documenting business requirements, functional requirements and data specifications.  • Developed and support above application in C#.Net, Angular JS, Bootstrap CSS for front end and ASP.NET for some applications.  • Created controllers, services, directives, modules in Angular JS.  • Working with Mongo DB and SQL Server (Entity Framework) as a backend database.  • Developed the web application and all its components using Model View Controller Architecture (MVC).  • Experience in implementing Web API/WCF.  • Used LINQ to write Lambda Expressions to access the Entity Framework's entities.  • Effectively used Microsoft Team Foundation Server for Source Control.  • Used Generics in C# to accomplish complicated business logic.  • Used both Client and Server-side session management as a part of the project.  • Used Caching to display huge data on the web user interface.  • Developed Database Stored Procedures, User defined functions and Triggers using T-SQL.  • Created classes and core modules in C# for implementing business layer.  • Extensively Used XML for data interchanges between different systems.    Environment: C#, ASP.NET, MVC, Razor, Angular JS, Bootstrap CSS, Mongo DB, SQL Server 2008/2012, IIS 7.0, JQuery, ADO.NET,Web API, Net Framework 4.0, Visual studio 2010/2013, JavaScript, TSQL, UNIX, WINDOWS XP, Test driven Environment and SDLC .Net Developer/ Database Administrator Wyndham Worldwide - Parsippany, NJ February 2013 to March 2015 Wyndham Worldwide is a hotels chain. Developed and Supported admin tool for maintaining customer data of hotels. Also worked as a database admin.    Responsibilities:  • Involved in the complete Software Development Life Cycle including Analysis, Design, Implementation, Testing and Maintenance.  • Heavily involved in Business requirement gathering.  • Developed ASP.Net web forms using User controls for code reusability.  • Designed and developed application using MVC pattern.  • Used jQuery to perform client-side validations and to make AJAX calls to the business logic layer.  • Used LINQ to write Lambda Expressions to access the Entity Framework's entities.  • Developed custom DTO's to work with complex data structures.  • Implemented data access layer using Entity Framework to connect/retrieve/modify SQL Server database objects.  • Created stored procedures and functions to retrieve, insert, delete and update data in the database.  • Created and consumed WCF services using SOA principles. Used BasicHttpBinding for binding purposes. All Requests data/content exposes through a WCF service with Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) by defining end points.  • Used ASP.Net and C# extensively using n-tier architecture.  • Created and supported a secure forms authentication/role authorization-based system.  • Fine-tuned application performance using Caching and other techniques available in Microsoft.NET framework.  • Followed the AGILE methodology and TDD (Test Driven Development).  • Used Generics in C# to accomplish extensible and reusable business logic.  • Used Dependency Injection (DI) to accomplish complex business requirement.  • The backend, database connectivity modules were designed using ADO.net with SQL Server as the database.  • Effectively used Microsoft Team Foundation Server for Source Control and Version History.  • Developed various reports using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).  • Used SSIS (SQL Server Integration Services) to accomplish data transformations.  • Evaluated and validated solution interfaces, integration points and dependencies for .NET application development.  • Developed and tested the project in DEV and QA stages.  • Performed multithreading programming to improve the application performance.  • Developed MSI packages to deploy projects into multiple environments like QA and production.  Environment: Visual Studio 2010/2012, ASP. NET, C#.NET, MVC 4, Razor, Entity Framework, WCF, Telerik MVC Controls, Jquery, Jquery-UI, ,knockout, Team Foundation Server, SQLServer 2008, IIS 7.0, SQLServer Reporting Services. .Net Developer Mahindra Satyam - IN May 2012 to May 2012 This project is to develop a marketing site for Real Estate Agents, Owners and Advertisers. It provides the details about property for sale, rent, share accommodation, and for houses for vacation. Users can login publish their property details and get the responses from the clients.  This application includes interactive features like: Classifieds, Newsletters, Forum, Articles, Website directory, Advertisements and Real-estate finance and many more features. Admin module is designed to manage the site effectively keeping in view of the scalability and ease of manageability.    Responsibilities:  • Used Rational Rose to design use case diagrams from a requirement document.  • Involved in Developing Web GUI Using HTML, XML and ASP.NET Webforms.  • Responsible for development and documentation of Software Requirements Specification (SRS).  • Used Telerik web controls to design a complex and interactive web application.  • Involved in developing ASP.NET Security, State Management, Caching and Encryption.  • Design and developed Business Logic Layer and data access layer using LINQ2SQL.  • Used ADO.NET extensively for data retrieving, querying, storage and manipulation.  • Created tables, views and established relationship between the tables.  • Involved in upgrading the databases and wrote different Stored Procedures, Functions and Triggers.  • Used Extensive .Net collections such as Array List, Hash Table for the data manipulation.  • Created ASP.NET user controls to reduce the complexity of user interface design.  • Control and Maintain the Log of Errors in Event Viewer.  • Used Web services for back-end operations and generic functions.  • Migrating historical data to MS SQL2005 from text files, MS excel and MS access.    Environment: C#, ASP.NET , VB.NET, ADO.NET, Visual Studio.Net, XML, Web services, Sql Server 2005, AJAX, IIS, Infragistics, JavaScript, VSS. Education Master of Science in Computer Science Montana State University - Bozeman, MT August 2011 to December 2012 Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University - Hyderabad, Telangana September 2007 to May 2011 Skills ADO (5 years), ADO.NET (5 years), SQL SERVER (5 years), SQL (5 years), ASP (5 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL QUALIFICATIONS    Programming Languages: ASP.NET 4.0, 3.5, 3.0, 2.0, C#, C++, VB.Net, HTML5, XHTML, WCF, Linq to SQL  Databases: Mongo DB, SQL Server 2008-R2, 2005 & 2000, MS-Access, Oracle 11g.  Operating Systems: Windows NT/2000/XP  Web Technologies: Angular JS, Bootstrap, CSS, AJAX, Web Services, jQuery, ADO.Net, WCF, WPF, AJAX Control Tool kit, XML, XSD, DTD and XSLT.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1398.html#444:::Database Administrator;Service Desk Technician;Field Technician;IT Help Desk Support;ORGANIZATIONAL SKILLS;TRANSLATING;DBA;Billing (2 years);CRM (1 year);Active Directory (4 years);Microsoft Office (4 years);Windows 7 (4 years);Windows 10 (3 years);Vmware (Less than 1 year);Switches (Less than 1 year);vSphere (Less than 1 year);Server (Less than 1 year):::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Colorado Springs, CO Work Experience Database Administrator The Navigators - Colorado Springs, CO August 2018 to Present • Manager of main CRM system, responsible for implementing upgrades and testing new versions  • Implemented automatic receipt process saving internal department 2+ hours of daily work  • Training members of staff in using the database and its reporting tools  • Working closely with CRM support to work through issues and find acceptable resolutions  • Created automatic procedures to update mass amounts of donor prospect records as well as SQL QRY's and ad hoc reports to gather helpful information  • Researched new prospects to figure out wealth scores and probability to give to the organization. Service Desk Technician The Navigators - Colorado Springs, CO September 2014 to August 2018 • Develop and implemented robust processes to ensure that a high quality of support service is provided to all users of the environment. Created documentation to assist and guide users with new software. Worked to teach users how to prevent future issues.  • Lead IT projects such as implementing JAMF software and creating batch scripts to manage Apple devices, point person for Mitel phone system (VoIP and Analog). Assisted in project such as migrating to Windows 10 and Office 2016.  • Handled about 10-15 tickets a day; closing an average of 250 tickets over a six-month period  • Assisted the Network Infrastructure team with creating virtual machines using vSphere Web Client both from scratch and from templates, monitoring file share drives, and assisted with trouble shooting by trailing network traffic.  • Researched most up to date computer hardware and purchased all IT equipment Field Technician HP/TEKSYSTEMS - Colorado Springs, CO June 2014 to September 2014 • Backup user settings and set up and physically install new hardware  • Mass image of computers, troubleshooting issues  • Asset management and managing time and resources to meet SLA IT Help Desk Support Colorado State University Pueblo - Pueblo, CO May 2011 to June 2014 • Assist students with various PC and desktop application issues  • Transition campus computers from Windows XP to Windows 7  • Regularly perform hardware and software maintenance  • Provide customer service both directly and indirectly Education Bachelor's in Computer Information Systems Colorado State University-Pueblo - Pueblo, CO August 2009 to May 2014 Skills ORGANIZATIONAL SKILLS, TRANSLATING, DBA, Billing (2 years), CRM (1 year), Active Directory (4 years), Microsoft Office (4 years), Windows 7 (4 years), Windows 10 (3 years), Vmware (Less than 1 year), Switches (Less than 1 year), vSphere (Less than 1 year), Server (Less than 1 year) Certifications/Licenses Security+ November 2016 to November 2019 CompTIA Security+ CMNO - Cisco Meraki Network Operater Present
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1399.html#445:::Oracle DBA/Developer;Oracle DBA/Developer;Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle DBA;Database;Mysql;Oracle;Pl/sql;Sql:::Oracle DBA/Developer Oracle DBA/Developer Oracle DBA/Developer - Hyundai Auto Ever America 7+ years of experience as an Oracle Database Administrator has hands on experience in database administration, production support, installation, configuration, upgrades, patches, performance tuning, backup and recovery, space management, database security, cloning, migration, shell scripting and documentation.    • Oracle Certified Professional having extensive knowledge on database administration for Oracle 10G, 11G and 12C with experience in very large-scale database environment and mission critical large OLTP and OLAP systems running on UNIX, Linux &MS Windows platforms.  • Proficient in Oracle 12c/11g/10g and MySQL Installations, Migrations, Database Capacity Planning, Automated Backup Implementation.  • Extensive knowledge and experience on High Availability technologies such as RAC, Data Guard, ASM, Database replication and Clusterware.  • Extensive experience on RAC Clusterware installation using ASM, Configuration, administration and Patching.  • Extensive experience in Dataguard configuration, implementing and maintaining standby databases.  • Performance tuning of the database - SQL Tuning, Used Tuning utilities like STATSPACK, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN, AWR, ADDM and Tuning of SGA, Distribution of disk I/O, Sizing of tables and indexes.  • Expert knowledge of enterprise backup solutions such as RMAN & various media management systems.  • Experienced in installing, configuring and managing Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) grid and cloud (10g, 11G &12C) for database monitoring/performance/diagnostics/job system.  • Experienced in RAC Databases, OEM upgrade and migrations.  • Data loading using SQL*LOADER, Logical backups using full export and DATAPUMP.  • Expertise in Database Patching and Upgradation.  • Proficient in SQL, PL/SQL, Stored Procedures, Functions, Cursors and Triggers, Shell scripting  • Actively participated in several Oracle development projects consisting of design, testing and deployment into production communicating across various teams.  • Experience as On-Call 24x7 production DBA support, application/development DBA. Work Experience Oracle DBA/Developer Hyundai Auto Ever America - West Point, GA February 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Supported production, development and testing databases of Multi Terabytes DB sizes.  • Implemented Data guard, creating physical standby databases in 11g environment for production database  • Conducting sizing & capacity planning for Oracle databases.  • Used Opatch utility for applying CPU and patch set Upgrade (PSU).  • Performed Successful Dataguard Switchover and Failover on production DB's to maintain high availability.  • Database refreshes using expdp / impdp and RMAN.  • Worked on Database Upgrade from 11.2.0.3 to 12.2.0.1 using DBUA.  • Install Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) 12c.  • DB Migration from Non ASM to ASM & Non-RAC to RAC Database.  • Performance tuning of SQL statements using STATSPACK, TKPROF, Explain Plan and SQL Trace.  • Installed and configured Oracle OEM to monitor the DB.  • Monitored the Performance of the migrated databases using grid Control and features AWR, ADDM, ASH and generated the reports for metric collection and health check of the databases.  • Loaded data into database using SQL Loader.  • Provide administrative database security role by protecting the database, creating and managing users, restricting unwanted privileges and granting required roles. Oracle DBA/Developer Altice - Bethpage, NY March 2016 to January 2018 Responsibilities:  • Successfully upgradedOracle11g (11.2.0.2) to Oracle 11g (11.2.0.4).  • Installed and configured Oracle Enterprise Manager 10G/11G Grid Control for Enterprise.  • Installation, configuration, maintenance and tuning of Oracle 10g and 11g databases.  • Dataguard administration in oracle 11G databases.  • Applied quarterly patches based on the database criticality.  • Patching and Rolling Upgrade in Dataguard Environment.  • Analyzing SGA and PGA memories for the performance improvement.  • Implemented Oracle database backup & recovery solutions using RMAN and manual methods.  • Performed routine activities such as Query Optimization, Database Consistency monitoring.  • Wrote PL/SQL scripts to create database objects like tables, views and sequences.  • Use of Crontab, DBMS JOBS to automate the monitoring jobs  • Doing the regular activities like monitoring the alert logs, redo log status, listener. Log and checking the space for normal segments, rollback segments and tablespaces.  • Managed logical/physical backups for these databases depending on the nature of database set up either full export, partial export or export of just the structure of schema objects.  • Monitored and audited database access for unauthorized access. Oracle Database Administrator Assyst International - Kochi, Kerala November 2014 to February 2016 Database administration, monitoring, reporting, and maintenance in Oracle and MySQL environments for the onsite project - National Population Register (NPR)- under Ministry of Home Affairs, Central Government of India.    Responsibilities:  • Served as a DBA in a very complex and high visibility national project and associated with design and maintenance of databases having about 400 Million data and databases having size more than 20TB.  • Configuration and installation of oracle 12c grid infrastructure in RAC and in the configuration, setup, capacity planning of the oracle database 12c and ASM  • Installed Oracle 12C and MySQL databases in both Windows and Red Hat Linux platform and performed basic server administration in Linux platform and performed database upgradation.  • Established and maintained sound backup and recovery policies and procedures and Performed Backup/Recovery of Oracle databases using RMAN to tape drives, used EMC NetWorker to control tape  • Migrated MySQL to Oracle DB successfully.  • Restoration and Recovery of databases at the times of occurrence of critical failures.  • Responsible for installing, upgrading and configuring the Oracle environment by creating databases, storage structures and objects, database backup and recovery, monitoring and optimizing database performance.  • Implemented Oracle database backup & recovery solutions using RMAN and manual methods.  • Responsible for installing, upgrading, patching and configuring the Oracle DB environment.  • Subsequently responsible for patching and upgrading multiple RAC and single node ASM instances to the latest releases.  • Performed capacity planning, Extracting, Transforming and Loading (ETL) data using SQL*Loader and External Tables.  • Responsibility include participation in a 24 x 7 on-call production support rotation. Oracle DBA India Options Software - Kochi, Kerala May 2012 to September 2014 Responsibilities:  • Installing and configuring oracle 10g and 11g RDBMS client and grid infrastructure software  • Testing and Implementation of quarterly security patch (CPU) of Oracle to all the servers.  • Troubleshooting the Patching bugs Patching 10G & 11 G RAC environments.  • Troubleshooting the binary level issues.  • Database up gradation from 9i to 10G and 10G to 11G.  • RAC installation and configuration.  • Adding nodes in existing RAC environment.  • Creation of new standalone database, Standalone grid database & RAC databases.  • Managing ASM disks and disk groups to store Data files, redo log files, and control files.  • Configured and restored backup using RMAN.  • Cloning databases using cold backup, hot backup and active cloning methods.  • Refresh of the database using Exp/Imp, data pump, cold backup physical files and RMAN.  • Schema refresh using export/import and Data pump.  • Using CRONTAB system utility to schedule the backups.  • Designing and implementing Security Policies. Deploying roles, privileges, profiles.  • Project management coordinating and scheduling the patches installation to all the auditable servers.  • Configuring the TNS names for the servers.  • User management and Tablespace management.  • Using SQL Loader utility to load data and Analyze AWR and ADDM reports.  • Adding OS Level & Kernel parameters for oracle software.  • Taking daily data Backups and restore the same if problem occurs or to create a new database in another system. Exporting and importing schema for temporary environment. Education Bachelor's Mahatma Gandhi University Skills Database, Mysql, Oracle, Pl/sql, Sql Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILL    Databases: Oracle Database 10G, 11G, 12C, MySQL  Tools & Utilities: AWS, OEM 11G 12C &13C cloud, ASM, Dataguard, AWR, ADDM, ASSM, RMAN, Datapump, MySQL Enterprise Monitor, SQL Developer, TOAD, Putty, SQL Optimizer  Languages: PL/SQL, C#, HTML, CSS.  Scripting: Shell Scripting, Batch script  Operating Systems: Linux, UNIX and Windows
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\14.html#446:::Oracle Apps Database Administrator;DBA;MYSQL;Oracle Dba:::Oracle Apps Database Administrator Oracle Apps <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Apps Database Administrator Los Angeles, CA I am a grad student at USC  pursuing MS in data  informatics, class of Dec 2020.  I have been a database  administrator for 4.5 years  working on Oracle database  and applications over AWS  and Oracle cloud platforms.  My field of interest includes  Database, Big Data, Cloud,  Machine Learning, computer  vision, neural networks and  autonomous vehicles.    LANGUAGE SKILLS  •Python •C •C++ •Java •Shell  Scripting •Bash Scripting  •HTML •CSS •JavaScript •SQL  •PLSQL•MySQL    DATA SCIENCE SKILLS  •Implementation Expertise  (Regression/ Classification  /Clustering,  Cross-Validation, Supervised  Unsupervised, Reinforcement  Learning, Active and Semi-  Supervised learning, Neural  Networks)  •Mongo Db •Hadoop •Data  Analysis/ Processing    CLOUD AND OS  •Aws Cloud •Oracle  Cloud•Firebase  •Oracle Enterprise Linux •Red  Hat Linux •Windows    ORACLE SKILLS  • Database •Hyperion EPM  •EBusiness Suite •Weblogic    MANI MADHURI MANTHINA Work Experience Oracle Apps Database Administrator Apps Associates (I) private limited, ~~~~ , Telangana - Hyderabad, Telangana December 2013 to July 2018 Experienced in maintenance, support, implementation, version  upgrades on oracle database and middleware products  • Automation, data analysis, tasks optimization Offering value additions, process enhancements.  • Training and mentoring of resources in different technologies and processoriented nuances, offering new documentation and revision,  and addressing critical business downtime issues.  • Worked in a shared 24X7 support model for multiple US-based  customers: Empirix, Atlantic Diving supplies, Randstad, MSIG, AMSC, Millipore, Navinet, Smiths Medicals, Canon, Sherms, Ship Console, JOC,  Sensata, Otsuka, ACL  DATA SCIENCE PROJECTS  • Implementation of several classification (binary/multi-class and multi-label), regression  (Linear, Lasso, K-NN and more) algorithms on UCI repository datasets (including class  imbalance tuned using SMOTE), and evaluation of the model accuracy. Education Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science Engineering in Computer Science Engineering Bhoj Reddy College of Engineering for Women 2013 Skills DBA, MYSQL, Oracle Dba Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/manimadhuri-917b1a88 Assessments Data Analysis — Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's skill in interpreting and producing graphs, identifying trends, and drawing justifiable conclusions from data. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/gju-g1tge2janin7 Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\140.html#447:::Application Database Administrator;Application Database Administrator;LINUX (3 years);ORACLE (3 years);RMAN (3 years);UNIX (3 years);SCRIPTING (1 year):::Application Database Administrator Application <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Application Database Administrator Atlanta, GA Around 3.5 years of extensive database and over 6 years of General IT experience. Would like to be part of a challenging environment where my technical skills and analytical abilities can be used towards achieving the objectives and goals of your organization.    Key Competence    * 3.5-year experience in Real Application Cluster RAC including setting up 10g and 11g RAC.    * Great working experience in writing SQL for creating views, functions, stored procedures, creation of database etc.    * Extensive experience implementing backup and recovery strategy for disaster recovery using Hot/Cold Backups and using the Oracle backup utility such as RMAN.    * Experience in a variety of hardware platforms including; UNIX/Linux    * Excellent knowledge of SQL*Plus, SQL*Net.    * Extensive knowledge on database backup/recovery strategy (RMAN, Export/Import & Datapump), Capacity Planning.  * Documentation of the work assigned in the environment and stored for the future use.    * Strong emphasis on organization and documentations. Excellent interpersonal and strong communication skills (including Presentations) . Customer-service oriented attitude and self-motivated, dedicated in any work environment.    * Experience in backup/recovery, user and security management, auditing, general troubleshooting, coding, and configuring servers.    * Worked on Creation of table spaces, data files, roles, redo logs, rollback segments, stored procedures and Triggers.    * Experience in Implementing FLASHBACK technology and its various features in Oracle 10g/11g.    * Worked with development and operations staff in resolving problems quickly and efficiently.    * Duties included database creation, backup/recovery using RMAN, tuning/reorganization, user and security management, auditing, general troubleshooting, and configuring servers.  * Experience in Logical backup using and full/ partial export/import and Data Pump.    * On call technical support for 24x7 mission critical production databases. Willing to work beyond regular hours. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Application Database Administrator Prachi Enterprise May 2017 to 2019 Responsibilities:    * Working with other IT professionals for database designs and reviews; troubleshooting database issues, and deploying timely fixes; maintaining regular and proactive database patches, updates and performance enhancement.  * Ability to manage high availability solution centers using Oracle Real Application Clusters (RAC) with several nodes.  * Creating database that meet the constantly changing requirement and need of the company and clients.  * Configuring the Oracle Network environment including Oracle Net Services and Listeners, configuring and managing oracle network.  * Installing, maintaining and upgrading all Oracle software (10g to 11g, 11g to 12c) using DBCA; Performance tuning of all Oracle Instance components and assisting the application developers in testing and implementation stages of the application tuning.  * Performing constant and occasional database backup and recovery using RMAN, Data pump Import and Export utility, multiplexing the Control file etc. Using RMAN to clone database.  * Managing and securing the database by using appropriate proper authorization schemes, roles and privileges.  * Modifying database structures as required by developers due to business or application requirements, development databases for testing and training.  * Design and implement redundant systems, policies, and procedures for disaster recovery and data archiving. Monitor, optimize and allocate physical data storage for database systems.  * Sending daily operational report to the top management regarding the whole operation of the day, including any hitches and unusual situations.  * Set up and manage database security by creating new users, roles, profiles, and provide required user privileges in development, test, training and production environments.  * Wrote shell scripts for purging trace files, alert log and network log files in Linux boxes that are used as standard script across all the databases.  * Expertise in SQL and UNIX Shell Scripting (Implemented UNIX Scripts using CRONJOB for Day-to-Day activities and Windows Task Scheduler)  * Installed the Oracle software using silent feature and also created databases.    2  * Worked on designing, installing & maintaining OCR, 11gRAC and Data guard components of Oracle.  * Strategic involvement with team for Server virtualization and manageability of infrastructure.  * Currently helping team to use existing infrastructure to achieve Maximum benefit to reduce cost and maximum performance.  * Writing SHELL SCRIPTS for the system and database for effective functionality and report generation.  * Supported & maintained the Production/Development databases on various servers.  * Extensively worked on setting up auditing in many databases we supported.  * Managing Database Structure, Storage Allocation, Table/Index segments, Rollback Segments, Undo Segments, and Constraints. Application Database Administrator The RSquare System Company May 2015 to 2017 Responsibilities:    * Managing and coordinating various DBA projects in 50+ database (Oracle 12c, Oracle 11g) environment.  * Providing 24/7 database administration support to production, staging and QA databases in 4 data centers.  * Responsibilities include supporting The RSquare System company database systems in a large complex LINUX, and Windows environment.  * Responsible for all aspects of the RDBMS schema internals, involved in logical RDBMS configuration and support, tuning at the logical RDBMS level (tablespaces, tables, indices)  * Working with numerous application groups to coordinate dba driven maintenances (upgrades, patching, and migrations) as well as accommodate application owners' requirements and goals.  * Planning, coordinating and performing upgrades and patching for more than 200 oracle databases for numerous applications/projects.  * Planning, coordinating and performing other database supporting activities like database cloning, migration, replication, etc.  * Working with System Administrators to migrate production and non-production environments to a new hardware, coordinating migrations with application groups, choosing the best strategies for database migrations.  * Maintain databases with company's monitoring and reporting scripts, in-house RMAN and expdp/impdp procedures, DB and OS space monitoring, etc.  * Environment: Oracle 10g, 11g, RMAN, AWR, UNIX. Education Bachelors of Engineering in Information Technology Gujarat University 2015 Skills LINUX (3 years), ORACLE (3 years), RMAN (3 years), UNIX (3 years), SCRIPTING (1 year) Additional Information Skill Set    RDBMS Oracle 12c/11g/10g    OPERATING Linux (Red hat Linux), Windows.  SYSTEMS    1    Twinkal Patel    LANGUAGES SQL, UNIX Shell Scripting, Ksh, bash Scripting.    SOFTWARES, DBCA, WinScp, RMAN, SQL*PLUS, SQL*LOADER, EXP, IMP, Data APPLICATIONS Pump (expdp, impdp), TOAD, EXPLAIN PLAN, AWR.    & TOOLS
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1400.html#448:::ServiceNow Developer;ServiceNow Developer;ServiceNow Developer;ServiceNow Engineer;Database Administrator/Analyst;Mapping;Sql server;Sql server 2005;Oracle;Pl/sql:::ServiceNow Developer ServiceNow Developer ServiceNow Developer - Verizon, VA Utah, TN • Overall 8+ years of IT Experience, proven success and experience in ServiceNow (5 years) Development and Administration, Remedy, knowledge of ITSM tools and ITIL framework.  • Expertise in complete end-to-end project implementation and consulting in ServiceNow and BMC ITSM Suite software leveraging best ITIL practices.  • In-depth knowledge of the technical implementation of Configuration and Asset Management, Change Management, Incident Management, Problem Management, Service Catalog, Reporting, Discovery.  • Experienced in Service Now platform as both Developer and Administrator and BMC Remedy - CMDB, BMC ADDM, BMC Enterprise Monitoring and Event Management software.  • Experience in designing, developing, customizing & administering ITSM suite of applications  • ServiceNow applications implemented: Incident, Change, Configuration, Asset Management, and Software Asset Management and Service Watch.  • Solid understanding of Glide APIs, Server side and Client-side scripting in ServiceNow.  • Proficient in developing Client scripts, Business Rules, Web Service Import sets, Transform Maps& developing scripted Webservices.  • Customization and Configuration of Service Watch, Dashboards.  • Piloted ServiceNow initiatives in conceptualizing and implementing robust and effective solution designs for the organization's ServiceNow COE (Center of Excellence).  • Proficient in coordinating and collaborating with the client's IT enabled Business Service leaders to provide a holistic approach to reduce over cost of maintenance.  • Working knowledge of Agile Scrum, Waterfall, Iterative and Spiral methodologies.  • Strong experience on testing methodologies and experience on preparation of test plans, and support for Integration Testing & UAT.  • Experience in implementation of Business Rules, Date Dictionary, UI actions, UI Policies, Client scripts and validations Scripts in ServiceNow.  • Functional knowledge and implementation experience of IT Service Management ITSM frameworks and demonstrated project management skills and experience working directly with customers and clients.  • Involve in CAB calls and Change Management activities for new enhancement process for organizational change and application change in the wok around.  • Monitoring the RTACS configuration and data support team globally.  • Enhancement coordination, discussion and Project release responsibilities and maintain with the tech team  • Implementation of custom dashboards, reporting as well as Staff assessment on ITSM & ITIL Processes.  • Attention to detail, proven multitask dexterity, analytical and programming savvy, complex problem-solving abilities from operational and technical perspective, and excellent Interpersonal skills.    Asset & Configuration Management:  • Performing CI Add/ CI Modify requests in Remedy 7.5 CMDB.  • Maintaining Global Asset & Configuration Wiki Site/Share point to ensure latest updated CI Add/ CI Modify/ GMSL Update process documentation is provided to end users.  • Participating in Weekly Global CAB, EMEA CAB and APAC CAB meetings and addressing any Configuration Management related queries/issues.  • Designed Standard Operating Process document for Standard No Impact Changes.  • Creation of Process Documents (PowerPoint presentation, Flow charts) for user education to use this process. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience ServiceNow Developer Verizon, VA June 2018 to Present Key Achievements:  • Responsible to look over Globally Service Now Issues and give trainings for Incident/Problem/Change according to the business needs and updates.  • Support the development and configuration of a variety of areas including Service Catalog, Change, Problem, Knowledge, Release, Asset Management, Configuration Management (CMDB), and Reporting.  • Monitored and performed Service now admin activities which involve user and group administration.  • Responsibility to monitor the ITIL Service delivery via process mapping audits and design the procedure.  • Providing solution and standardized the ITSM process in bid management for to satisfy the customers.  • Responsibility to work with Project management to improve the daily base operation.  • Responsibility to update the dash board and make visibility to all employees and reporting tool.  • Handling Day to day IM/PM and CM tickets according to the Priority.  • Coordinate Problem Management team and Incident management.  • Involved in configuration of Email notification to alert the users of ServiceNow.  • Find root cause analyzing about the fail changes and the services.  • According the RFC, need to raise the changes in particular and handle the Technical team/Operational team.  • Conduct employee focus groups to ensure a thorough understanding of the issues.  • Responsible to coordinate with the escalation management team on Root Cause Analysis for failed changes.  • Responsible to Track and analyze unsuccessful changes to bring about process improvement with the help of frame work Remedy.  • Responsible to Develop, evaluate and present the weekly and monthly change management metrics to Executive management.  • Responsible to provide and present the monthly Change Cost Analysis report of the customers to the accounts management team.  • Experience in working on the ITIL Process Configuration like Incident and Problem Management, Change Management, Knowledge Management, CMDB, Asset Management and Service Catalog Management in ServiceNow  • Develop a set of actionable and targeted change management plans - including communication plan, sponsor roadmap, coaching plan, training plan and resistance management plan.  • Work with project teams to integrate change management activities into the overall project plan.  • Find root cause analyzing about the fail changes and the services.  • According the RFC, need to raise the changes in particular and handle the Technical team/Operational team  • Conduct employee focus groups to ensure a thorough understanding of the issues.  • Responsible to coordinate with the escalation management team on Root Cause Analysis for failed changes.  Environment:ServiceNow, JSON, jQuery, Web Services, SOAP, SQL, XML, Angular JS, BootstrapJavaScript,XML, HTML, Windows 7, ServiceNow, CSS, AJAX. ServiceNow Developer Aclara, VA June 2016 to May 2018 Key Achievements:  • Created many standard workflows which are being re-used and propagated and handled many custom events.  • Identified and Recommended the ITIL v3 methodologies to deliver technical methodologies around the Service Now platform.  • Great knowledge and experience on Eureka, Fuji, and Geneva.  • Gathered requirement from users for attributes needed to develop Service Catalog items.  • Great experience in Agile and Scrum Methodologies.  • Manage data with tables, the configuration management database (CMDB), import sets and update sets.  • Enhanced the existing LDAP integration and modified business rules.  • Involved in Geneva Up gradation and migrated data from Eureka to Geneva.  • Created Data Sources for various external applications. Used Import sets and Transform maps to import data into Service Now.  • Good Experience in Angular JS, Bootstrap.  • Coordinated with Offshore team and monitored the work on daily basis.  • Developed Geneva Instance with Custom tables such as Demand, Analytics Project Requests and Business Intake Requests.  • Created Email Templates and Email Notifications.  • Designed Workflows, along with standard Workflow templates which can be reused.  • Implement Service-Now customization including, but not limited to, Client Scripts, UI policies, UI Actions, Script Includes, Business Rules, workflow administration, report setup, and data imports and exports.  • Collaborated with application and infrastructure teams to provide architectural and technical guidance and oversight for ServiceNow solution implementation and customization.  • Developed and oversaw testing strategies to ensure rigorous testing and validation of ServiceNow implementation prior to production.  • Involved in the ServiceNow Discovery and CMDB maintenance.  • Integration experience with directories, such as Active Directory using methods such as LDAPs.  • Involved in providing 24*7 production supports in five different versions of Remedy application from onsite location and resolving issues within the Service Level Agreement.  • Worked on troubleshooting security rules, scripts etc.  • Created UI Actions/ UI Policies in customizing forms and buttons.  • Server side scripting using Script Includes.  • Update sets to move customization from Development to Production Instance.  • Incident Management, Problem Management, Change Management, Release Management, Knowledge Management, Asset management, CMDB , Service Requests and SLM..  • Working knowledge of Web Technologies (XML, HTML, JAVA Script, AJAX, CSS, HTTP/S, etc.)  • Working knowledge of Knowledge articles, incidents, CMDB and dictionaries.  • Created transform maps both automatic field mapping and scripting.  • Developed UI Actions, script includes and Business rules for overall platform.  Environment: Service now Eureka/Dublin, Windows 7/8, XML, Oracle 9i/10g/11g, Toad, SQL*Plus, SQL*Loader, Export/Import, UNIX. ServiceNow Developer FedEx, WI November 2014 to May 2016 Key Achievements:  • Worked on BMC Remedy ITSM and Service Now - SMAS (Service management automation support) release project.  • Responsible to gather requirements according to the client needs and documentation for Remedy enhancements and issue fixes  • Defines project scope and objectives, coordinates activities of a project team, and identifies resources and develops detailed work plans, schedules, project estimates, resource plans, and status reports.  • Responsible for preparing project reports and summaries as requested by department managers, handling scheduling, and conducting/facilitating project meetings.  • Provides technical and analytical guidance to project team and recommends and takes action to direct the analysis and solutions of problems according to the business needs.  • Manage outages, driving and coordinating resolution, including calls, escalation and notification to all senior and executive stakeholders across the firm, as well as coordinating all incident support activities  • Provides input into performance management and career development processes, and staffing and disciplinary actions and Responsible to ensures service scope, SLAs and other agreements are reviewed on a regular basis, ideally at least annually.  • UAT coordination and Build UAT test plan, Training materials and UAT develop test scripts  • Involvement in identifying business requirements, collection of use cases, process design, work flow mapping, testing, training and implementation support according to the business needs.  • Enhance the project management process to achieve business objectives  • Helps to plan the deployment, during the design stage of the process lifecycle, in conjunction with personnel from other teams and functions  • Need to provide reporting and metrics to Business unit IT Portfolio Manager, Engagement Manager and business unit management on program initiatives.  • Facilitate communication between business and technical staff to ensure effective and efficient implementation and communication of results  • Responsible to handle the Incident and problem management operation and monitor the trend and work flow of tickets through BMC remedy tool  • Involve in CAB calls and change management activities for new enhancement process for organizational change and application change in the wok around.  • Monitoring the RTACS configuration and data support team globally.  • Enhancement coordination, discussion and Project release responsibilities and maintain with the tech team  • Implementation of custom dashboards, reporting, and metrics as well as Staff assessment on ITSM tools and ITIL Processes  • BMC Remedy ITSM tool configuration with process deployment according to the business benefits  • Understanding the Business Value of each deployment and enhancement process  • Track Incident results and accomplish in ITSM tool road map  • Perform top-level administration of ITSM tool and be the primary contact for both end-users and other administrators.  Environment:Servicenow Dublin, Business Objects XI R2, Crystal Reports, Oracle 10g/11g, SQL, Server 2005. ServiceNow Engineer IBM - Bengaluru, Karnataka January 2012 to October 2014 Key Achievements:  • Provided analysis, design and development of ServiceNow trouble ticketing and incident management systems to support the company's technical operations.  • Participated in process designing sessions and documented ITIL process flows.  • Working with process owners and business stakeholders to translate business requirements into functional requirements within ServiceNow.  • Experience in designing, development and implementation of ServiceNow Platform ITSM application.  • In-depth knowledge of the technical implementation of Change Management, Incident Management, Problem Management, Service Catalog, Configuration Management, Reporting, Discovery and Integrations.  • Worked on fixing bugs and doing enhancements for Incident, Problem and Change management and Service Catalog modules.  • Creation of tables within ServiceNow.  • Managing data with tables, CMDB import sets Users, Groups and roles.  • Creation of custom reports and designing the dash board.  • Design and implement SLA - Service Level Agreement and the required work flow with Email notifications.  • Created notifications based on user requirements and also configured inbound email actions to create incidents or requests.  • Involved in evaluation of ITSM tools like Kovair, OTRS, Digite for selecting tool to be used for internal projects.  • Implemented JDBC Export to execute custom SQL queries in the target database based on requirement.  • Part of core team to implement ITIL V3 at organization level and finding the delta between ITIL v2 & v3.  • Create schedules, reports and monitor performance of Service-Now.    Projects handled in Remedy Tools COE: -  • Migration of Remedy 7 to Remedy 7.5  • Managed Interfaces with Remedy 7.5  • User Migration from Remedy 6.3 to Remedy 7.5  • Remedy ITSM Process CoE.  • MI Support.    Release Management definition of a new release management processes for around 136 applications that are dependent on CRM, ERP and web application tier services.    Environment: Service Now, Asset Management, Incident Management, Problem Management, Fire eye, HTML, Java script, CSS, CMDB. Database Administrator/Analyst Nova Technologies - Hyderabad, Telangana June 2010 to December 2012 Key Achievements:  • Automating entire migrating of data from flat files to Final Stage with building process and PS/SQL Scripts using OWB(Oracle Warehouse Builder)  • Migration Environment Setup and executing the whole process successfully.  • Debugging in real time faults for migration of data.  • Maintaining and updating the scripts for successful Migration of data with help of version control.  • Updating the developments in the OWB Repository.  • Extracting Data Dump of Migrated Data for the Build Team to Test.  • Preparing Reconciliation Reports using Crystal Reports.  • Synchronizing the scripts in Migration database with updated, developed scripts.  • Development of shell scripts.  • Administrating BMC Tools (BPM Portal and BMC Patrol Central) to collect data for various applications that to be monitored as per client requirement.  • Applying the product patches and upgrades the tool to latest version.  • Created policies, which notify events through email alerts to command centre and respective teams.  • Training the support staff on configuring the thresholds and monitoring the various parameters, configuring the various groups for accessing the BPM Portal, BEM and Reporting.  • Integrating BMC PATROL, to monitor the network devices and UNIX servers, and creates the trouble ticket (Incident) in Remedy.  • Design of Asset Availability and Reliability reports for Servers and Applications (Crystal Reports)  • Remedy-Active Directory Integration using LDAP.  • Developing System level Availability Reports for all the monitored applications according to Clients Requirements using Crystal Reports.  Environment:Oracle 7.0, SQL, PL/SQL, SQL*Loader, SQL Server, SQL*Plus, Windows 98. Education Bachelor's Skills Mapping, Sql server, Sql server 2005, Oracle, Pl/sql Additional Information Technical Skills:  IT Software:  ServiceNow, BMC CMDB, BMC Atrium Discovery and Dependency Mapping (ADDM),BMC Remedy ARS, BMC Atrium Integrator, BMC Proactive Net and BMC Portal, BMC Event & Impact Manager, BMC Remedy Mid-Tier, Apache Tomcat (5.5,6.0), IIS 6.x,7.x, BMC Analytics 7.6.05, SAP BOXI R 3.1 SP5, BMC Dashboards.    ITSM Modules:  Configuration & Asset Management, Incident Management, Change Management, Problem Management, Service catalog, SRM (Service Request Management), Knowledge, License Management.    Data Bases: Oracle 9i, 10g, 11g, SQL Server 2005-2008. Oracle, SQL Server - Programming, Scripts & Stored Procedures, MY SQL, Access.  Operating System: UNIX, LINUX, Windows NT, Sun Solaris, Windows XP, Window Server 08, UNIX scripting, Windows Scripts, Batch Files, Jobs.  Languages: Core JAVA, PL/SQL, HTML, XML.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1401.html#449:::Database Administrator;Audio Engineer Volunteer;Audio Engineer Intern:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator - ISKCON of Alachua Alachua, FL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Administrator ISKCON of Alachua - Alachua, FL January 2014 to Present Managed SQL-based database software to track donations and donor information;  Oversaw completeness and accuracy of information to be entered into database;  Assisted in the implementation of hardware and software solutions for company's offices;  Generated and interpreted data for use by individual departments;  Managed the maintenance and updates of company's website;  Created and streamlined processes of activity for company's offices; Audio Engineer Volunteer Harinam Festivals Inc. - Sandy Ridge, NC May 2011 to August 2015 (Seasonal: May-Oct 2011, 2012; Jun-Aug 2015)    Managed setup and operation of audio systems for stage use;  Ensured safe transportation of equipment;  Assessed equipment to address any need for repairs or upgrades;  Assisted team in deployment of festival equipment including tent and stage equipment;  Addressed the needs of musicians and other stage presenters to ensure successful presentations;  Trained and lead teams of volunteers to assist in operations; Audio Engineer Intern Avatar Studios / Gaura Vani LLC - Silver Spring, MD April 2013 to July 2013 Assisted in preparation of studio space and equipment for audio recording;  Communicated with clients to address recording needs;  Provided live sound reinforcement for external clients and in-house tours and shows; Education Bachelor of Science in Mathematics University of Florida 2008 to 2011 Dual Enrollment Santa Fe College 2006 to 2008
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1402.html#450:::MS SQL Database Administrator;MS SQL Database Administrator;IT Help Desk Analyst;It Helpdesk Support Analyst/Specialist/Analyst;DBA;Sql Dba;Sql Server;ETL;Always on (5 years):::MS SQL Database Administrator MS SQL <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> MS SQL Database Administrator - KiawiTechIT Consulting Services San Antonio, TX • Proven Working Experience as a Database Administrator  • Responsible for daily maintenance of large environments comprising of over 200 servers, 500+ Instances and 750+ databases  • Enhanced database performance, implemented recovery procedures and achieved 99.9% up time on all SQL Servers.  • Increased efficiency 25% by providing optimum database performance with efficient backup and restore processes.  • Strong Experience with SQL Server 2008 through 2017 Administration standalone and cluster environments  • Configured and supported replication (Snapshot/Transactional/Merge/Peers to Peers) and log shipping in both SQL 2008 through 2014 Servers.  • Production level support for onsite and offshore - On Call 24/7 environment  • High Availability Solution- Clustering, Always On, Database Mirroring and Log Shipping  • Advanced skills in Monitoring Tools  • Query Store, Import/Export Wizard, SSMS, SQL Server Profiler, Extended Events and Tuning Advisor tools  • Interacts with clients, application team and project managers to design, implement and support solutions to meet client needs.  • Configured and Managed High Availability (HA) and Disaster Recovery (DR) Solutions (Log Shipping, Mirroring, Always On, Clustering, and Replication), TDE (Transparent Data Encryption)  • Used Execution Plan, SQL Profiler, and Database Engine Tuning Advisor to optimize queries and enhance the performance of databases.  • Experience with partitioned schemas and tables, creating File groups using SQL Server.  • Experience in SQL Server Performance Tuning, Query Optimization, Client Connectivity and Database Consistency Checks Using DBCC.  • Experience in Administering SQL Server security by Creating User Logins with appropriate roles, monitoring user accounts, granting privileges to users and groups  • In charge of Server Lease Replacement, Server Decommissioning for the entire Work Experience MS SQL Database Administrator KiawiTechIT Consulting Services January 2019 to Present Responsibilities:  Currents projects:  • Upgrading SQL 2008 to 2016 in our environment  • Setting up always on, replication and database mirroring  • Windows and SQL patching  • Responding to ticket queue (refreshing databases, creating logins and users)  • Performed all day-to-day aspects of MS SQL database administration. Responsibilities include database design, installation, security, managing users and logins, performance monitoring and tuning, database availability, backup and recovery, troubleshooting and problem resolution.  • Configured High Availability Solution- Always On Cluster, Traditional Failover Clustering, Database Mirroring and Log Shipping.  • Involved in ensuring data recovery, maintenance, and data integrity and space requirements for physical database. Creating and Modifying Tables, Views, Indexes, and Triggers etc. as requirement on SQL Server Environments.  • Responded to and resolved all database access and performance issues.  • Oriented other database administrators on SQL Server management including upgrades and migration.  • Ensured databases adhere to corporate standards and policies, including database auditing.  • Installed SQL Server 2012, 2014, 2016 and 2017 on advanced servers, applied security fixes.  • SQL Server Profiler, Extended Events, Query Store and Database Engine Tuning Advisor (DTA) for performance.  • In charge of Server Lease Replacement, Server Decommissioning for the entire Datacenter. MS SQL Database Administrator Empire Data Systems LLC November 2014 to November 2018 • Installed and configured SQL Server  • Performed Backups, DBCC utilities, updated index statistics, monitored database and disk space  • Managed the migration of SQL Server 2012 databases to SQL Server 2016  • Created and maintained databases, users, Logins, tables, indexes, stored procedures, roles, permissions and other schema objects  • Designed and implemented comprehensive Backup plan and disaster recovery strategies  • Rebuilding the indexes at regular intervals for better performance.  • Responsible for Stored Procedures optimization, Performance tuning & index tuning.  • Used Performance monitor and SQL Profiler to optimize queries and enhance the performance of database servers  • Used log shipping for synchronization of database  • Implemented and maintained Database mirroring as a DR solution  • SQL Server 2005/2008/2012/2016/2017 Administration  • Responsible to monitor and troubleshooting Log shipping  • Used Data partitioning, Snapshot Isolation in SQL server  • Update statistics, database integrity check and backup operations  • Creating and Maintaining database maintenance plans  • Configured High Availability Solution- Clustering, Always On, Database Mirroring and Log Shipping.  • Planning and implementation of Database backup/restore and disaster recovery  • Installed SQL Server 2012 on advanced servers, applied security fixes.  • SQL Server Profiler, Extended Events, Query Store and Database Engine Tuning Advisor (DTA) for performance.  • Implementation of snapshot isolation  • Configured and supported replication and log shipping in both SQL 2008 and 2012.  • Maintained database response times in 24/7 Production environments.  • Monitoring standby Databases to ensure high availability  • Automation of DBA Tasks and monitoring  • Configured and managed Contained Database  • Configured and supported replication and log shipping in both SQL 2008 and 2012. IT Help Desk Analyst Empire Data Systems LLC August 2012 to November 2014 Responsibilities:  • Receive inbound calls from Employees  • Troubleshoot and solved application issues  • Manage users in active directory (reset passwords, unlock accounts, disabled/enable accounts)  • Create, close and escalate tickets if necessary, to appropriate teams  • Remote desktop assistance  • Troubleshoot computer hardware and peripheral devices.  • Troubleshoot connection issues for remote employees' login in through the VPN  • Updating mail boxes in Exchange, adding and removing users  • Response to Customers via email or over the phone to resolve application / hardware issues It Helpdesk Support Analyst/Specialist/Analyst Bridgewell November 2010 to August 2012 Responsibilities:  • Provided Help Desk support to end-users, both in the office and remotely. Assisted with hardware, software, and network issue  • Answered phone calls and responded to emails  • Document all issues appointed to in Jira's ticket system  • Escalate tickets to appropriate hierarchy  • Upgrade/remove computer hardware components and computer software.  • Configure, update, and maintain Company's Tablet systems as well as inventory check  • Follow up on end-user's tickets to assure issue was resolved  • On-board new employees with laptop, keyboards, mouse, monitors, and other accessories  • Configured and backed-up over 300+ iPad and several MacBook Pro Education Bachelor's Degree of Science in Computer Science Concentration in Software Engineering in Computer Science Salem State University - Salem, MA August 2017 Skills DBA, Sql Dba, Sql Server, ETL, Always on (5 years) Assessments Basic Computer Skills — Highly Proficient March 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to perform basic computer operations, navigate a Windows OS, and troubleshoot common computer problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/tw13df4lt-yxt-vf Technical Support — Proficient March 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/j4tuuhswteuaautu Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1403.html#451:::Sr. Business Analyst;Consultant;Consultant;Consultant;Consultant;Database Administrator;Html;Ms project;Php;Reporting tools;Visio;Xml;Sql server;Sql;Rup;Uat;Sharepoint;Tableau;Power bi;Uml;Use cases;J2ee;Java;Linux;Css;Crystal reports:::Sr. Business Analyst Sr. Business Analyst Sr. Business Analyst Boston, MA • 6+ years of experience as Senior Business Analyst hands-on in managing large scale complex IT projects.  • Versatile experience working with clients across multiple sectors in Retail, Banking & Insurance.  • 6+ years of experience in JIRA, TFS, Wiki Confluence, XML.  • Hands on experience in Creating User stories for developing teams and business end users.  • Efficient in preparing Business Requirements Document (BRD), Functional Requirements Document (FRD)/ Systems Requirements Specifications (SRS), Use Cases, and Test Case.  • Proven ability in client-engagement, onsite co-ordination and leading globally distributed teams.  • Experience in facilitating Joint Requirement Planning (JRP) sessions with Business User Groups, conducting Joint Application Development (JAD) sessions with IT Groups and Conflict Management with Project team members.  • Skilled in identifying, documenting, analyzing and review of business requirements towards new system implementations and enhancement.  • Experienced in working within Waterfall and Agile environment and prov en track record of delivering projects based on these methodologies.  • Expertise in working with range of Microsoft Suite such as Microsoft Project, Excel, Visio, Power Point, Word. Work Experience Sr. Business Analyst Santander Bank - Dorchester, MA June 2017 to May 2019 Santander bank is one of the largest banks in the United States and Spain that provides several financial services to its customers including online banking and mortgage services. For easy access to their online banking services which includes fund transfer, Bill pay and WF Sure-pay. This project involved creating and maintaining a web and mobile application where users can access their account information and use Santander services to which they are subscribed. The application's web interface was a full-fledged solution for client's daily banking needs from checking accounts to money movement. New enhancements were made to Accounts View, Bill Pay, Money Movement, and Alerts features.  Responsibilities:  • Performed gap analysis between client goals and existing procedures/processes; provided recommendations for improvement and change management services to achieve client goals  • Preparation of Business Requirement Document (BRD's) on various new and enhancement project  • Interviewed SMEs and Stakeholders to get a better understanding of client business processes and gather Business requirements  • Coordinated with QA and Developers for Business Requirement Clarification  • Perform a constant backlog refinement with the new user stories and defects in JIRA  • Experienced in techniques such as SPRINT planning, Product Backlog management, Agile estimation, daily SCRUM, Sprint summary report, Sprint review/retro meetings, etc.  • Conducted market cost analysis and recommendations of online services required by client which resulted in the client cost savings of $1,500  • Developed best practices for pipeline management and call strategies/training materials for sales reps as well as tracking measurements for department-wide and individual performance  • Facilitated requirements gathering sessions for business needs, and helped deliver by developing the functional design document, including UI/UX design  • Coordinated with the PMO group in defining timelines & schedules for the project and maintained/monitored project progress status using MS Project  • Conducted User Acceptance Testing (UAT) with the stakeholders and business users, fixed the discovered issues.  Environment: Agile, JIRA, MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS Visio, MS Access, SQL, Quality Center Consultant Farmers Insurance - Zurich, CH August 2015 to August 2016 Farmers Insurance group is a leading insurance company based in USA with its headquarters in Los Angeles, California and insuring over 41 states. It deals with different Line of Business - AUTO (Personal Vehicles Insurance), FIRE (Home or Personal property damaged by Fire), IBOP, HBOP etc. The Farmers consists of two applications known as APPS and FPPS in 3 tier Architecture based on Web & Mainframe Application.  Responsibilities:  • Collaborated with Stakeholders on Business Requirements Document  • Assigned tasks among development team monitored and tracked progress of project following agile methodology  • Created Software Requirement Specifications Document (SRS) and Functional Requirement Document (FRD) based on RUP and Agile framework  • Prepared and analyzed the existing architecture and performed Gap Analysis. Created workflow scenarios, designed new process flows and documented the Business Process and various Business scenarios and activities of the Business from the conceptual to procedural level.  • Extensively worked on MS Visio for creating UML diagrams like Use Case Diagrams, Sequence Diagrams, Activity Diagrams, Business Flow Diagrams and Data Flow Diagrams for project documentation  • Maintained the requirement Traceability matrix (RTM) to track the coverage of Requirements  • Created and maintained user account profiles and passwords, ensuring company-wide security  • Created training materials to ensure proper understanding of the new features. Involved in preparation of the test data required for executing test cases.    Environment: Agile, Windows XP/200, SQL Developer, MS Visio, VSAM, JCL and Quality Center 11, Power BI Consultant Capgemini India Pvt. Ltd June 2013 to August 2016 Consultant BNP Paribas Bank July 2014 to July 2015 BNP Paribas is a leading bank in Brazil and Netherlands. Working as a business analyst for Quality Assurance Team for Mobile and web application.  • Analyze the client's organization for alignment with the access certification tool  • Get device logs for web service calls and map with the UI data  • Collaborate with the application SME's to review the user stories and create new based on new requirements  • Track and update the latest status of the application development on various devices and oracle ERP  • Develop and maintain a Dashboard on the weekly migration status for the project  • Run analysis on both Simulators and Real devices based on the Device Priorities  • Mapping and masking sensitive customer specific data in both Device log XML    Environment: Agile, Scrum, MS Visio, MS Power point, MS access, Oracle ERP, JCL, Quality center Consultant Flipkart.com - Mumbai, Maharashtra June 2013 to June 2014 Flipkart.com is one of the best online shopping platforms in India. I was providing support to their technical and stakeholder team. I was mainly responsible for creating faster billing and inventory tracking system. Also, helping the logistic team to maintain inventory in AWS and make sure software runs efficiently  • Created a prospective client database for the company to target more business  • Developed business architecture using requirements such as scope, processes, alternatives, and risk  • Coordinated deliverables and shipping logistics by incorporating and controlling business processes  • Applied SDLC methodologies to successfully implement a faster billing process on Azur platform  • Worked on Mainframe for maintaining merchandising products and for billing tracking  • Rigorous vendor selection process landed with cloud-based solution to eliminate costly processes related to traditional software development, testing, installation, maintenance and failovers.  • Monitored and controlled job cost process and tracked expenses, increasing sales and profits by 30%  • Developed strategies to maintain smooth workflow on AWS platform.  • Ensured all departments are well informed about project requirement to with daily meetings  Environment: Waterfall, AWS, MS Visio, MS Power point, JIRA, Tableau, Quality center, Oracle ERP Database Administrator Clover Infotech - Mumbai, Maharashtra January 2010 to July 2011 Clover infotech is one of the growing information technology organization in inda. I have Managed administration of MS SQL Server for various industry clients. The jobs duties included enhancement of database performance, implementing recovery procedures, performance tuning, backup & restore of the databases and ensure technical/functional designs meet business requirements.  Responsibilities  • Configured and implemented disaster recovery processes for more than 25 mission critical databases for a leading mutual funds investment product of leading bank in India  • Upgraded over 20 SQL servers in period of 4-months at the largest adhesive manufacturer in India  • Improved vital processing jobs by reducing process duration by 80%  • Utilize components of Microsoft Business Intelligence Suite, including SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) and SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) in designing, developing, and implementation and testing of the ETL, upgrading DTS to SSIS and automation of database wealth reporting system  • Implemented, maintained, and documented policies, procedures and standards to ensure security and integrity of test and production data and provide 24*7 database support to all deployed client sites.  Environment: ETL, SSIS, SSRS, MS SQL, MS Excel, Java, CSS, SAP Education Campbellsville University 2020 post graduate diploma Northeastern University of Boston May 2017 MBA University of Mumbai May 2013 B.sc University of Mumbai April 2009 Skills Html, Ms project, Php, Reporting tools, Visio, Xml, Sql server, Sql, Rup, Uat, Sharepoint, Tableau, Power bi, Uml, Use cases, J2ee, Java, Linux, Css, Crystal reports Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/mayura-shekatkar Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Documents & Processes MS Projects, BRD, Use Cases, UML diagrams, UAT Test plans & cases, BPMN, SharePoint, ALM, Target Process.  Technologies HTML, J2EE, JAVA, XML, PHP, CSS  Methodologies Agile, Waterfall, UML, RUP, Lean Principles  Applications MS Office suite, MS Project, MS Visio, Axure, Balsamiq, Scrum  Operating Systems Windows XP/7/8/Vista, Linux, Windows 10  Reporting Tools Tableau, Crystal Reports, SQL Server Reports, MS Office Suite, Confluence, MS Power BI
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1404.html#452:::Public Records Researcher;Electrical Engineer;Electrical Engineer;System and Database Administrator;Junior Software Engineer;Active directory (2 years);CISCO (1 year);MICROSOFT WINDOWS (3 years);MICROSOFT WINDOWS SERVER 2008 (3 years);MYSQL (3 years);NETWORKING (2 years);Oracle (Less than 1 year);Microsoft office (10+ years);Helpdesk (2 years):::Public Records Researcher Public Records Researcher Public Records Researcher - VERTICAL SCREEN INC Philadelphia, PA 3 years of experience in system and database administration Work Experience Public Records Researcher VERTICAL SCREEN INC - Warminster, PA March 2018 to Present Duties:  • Research on public records for the given data    • Access to remote server of different courts    • Processing Criminal and Civil Searches    • Report Generation of the available data    • Verbal and Email communication with clients and agents Electrical Engineer SOLID CAD, India - IN January 2017 to December 2017 Duties:    • Day to day co-ordination for various sites under development, site visits, meetings with site in charges    • Designing and Installation of small networking projects  • Performance monitoring of production servers   • Ensure that As Built Drawings and O&M Manuals and related documentation are prepared,  reviewed, submitted and approved in a timely manner and in accordance with contract  requirements  • Troubleshooting Computer hardware, software and peripherals Electrical Engineer AL Fawz Contracting LLC February 2015 to June 2016 Duties:  • Co-ordination and administration in Documentation, Estimation, Designing and Installation of Electrical (Lighting & Power), CCTV, Fire Fighting & Fire Alarm works.    • Ensure that the work is carried out as per the contracts' specifications and the approved  drawings, and make sure that the work is being coordinated with other disciplines.    • Attend design coordination meetings with Project Management team, Consultants and other  contractors as required.    • Prepare material submittals and method statements.  • Preparations of material submittals, method statements work plans and look ahead short-term  programs on regular basis. System and Database Administrator SPRINT TECHNOLOGIES, Cochin June 2012 to February 2015 . Active directory Configuration and administration  • Install, configure and maintain MYSQL and MSSQL databases  • Routine system patches/upgrades and hardware/software configurations  • Install, configure, evaluate and maintain operating systems, application software and system management tools  • Managed daily activities to include user support and system administration tasks  • Performed network security administration duties to solve customer problems  • Installation, administration and troubleshooting network issues in cisco switches and routers  • Implemented more frequent backups to increase environment security  • Provide operational support for end-users; respond to help desk tickets and calls  • Interact with the client through calls and mails. Junior Software Engineer DHOONDHO TECHNOLOGIES PVT LTD - Pune, Maharashtra January 2011 to May 2012 Duties:    • Administration, Installation, Maintenance and monitoring of production servers.    • Designing and creation of databases, tables, views, store procedures and triggers.    • Daily monitoring tasks includes free disk space, Tablespace growth, Archive Destination  checking instances are active, monitoring memory resources, job monitoring and checking any  issue related to databases    • Report backup and restore failures, critical Low disk space, High CPU usage, unusual Data and Log file growth, Blockings    • Attend the tickets assigned by the client and complete tasks in stipulated time Education Bachelor's degree in Electronics & Communication in Electronics & Communication Anna University November 2010 Skills Active directory (2 years), CISCO (1 year), MICROSOFT WINDOWS (3 years), MICROSOFT WINDOWS SERVER 2008 (3 years), MYSQL (3 years), NETWORKING (2 years), Oracle (Less than 1 year), Microsoft office (10+ years), Helpdesk (2 years) Additional Information SKILLS    • MICROSOFT WINDOWS SERVER 2008, 2008R2 and 2012    • MYSQL, MSSQL, ORACLE    • ACTIVE DIRECTORY    . Help Desk Support    • NETWORKING - CISCO SWITCHES AND ROUTERS
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1405.html#453:::Donor Database Administrator;Store Manager;Assistant Manager;Kitchen Manager;Inventory Checks/Reports (8 years);Bookkeeping Certification (Less than 1 year);Microsoft Excel (2 years);Microsoft Outlook (2 years);Microsoft Word (2 years);Multi-line phone system (8 years);Payroll Reports (3 years);Customer Service Skills (10+ years);Deposit and shrink control Reports (4 years);Accounts receivable knowledge (2 years);Copier and fax machine competent (6 years):::Donor Database Administrator Donor <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Mendenhall, MS Seeking a challenging position that enables me to utilize my skills in entry level  bookkeeping that will provide the best possible way for achieving the company's goals. Work Experience Donor Database Administrator United Way of the Capital Area - Jackson, MS July 2017 to Present • Update firms, individuals, and GCL (global corporate leaders) donation data  • Maintain accounts receivables, database survey, and monthly recon reports  • Assist Resource Development with events and projects to increase donor pledging Store Manager Shoe Department - Brookhaven, MS September 2014 to June 2017 • Open/close establishment and complete maintenance  • Train and oversee staff in organizing freight into shelves and assisting customers  • Maintain employee work schedules, inventory, shrink control, and return reports Assistant Manager Keyholder - Pearl, MS November 2013 to February 2015 • Train and oversee staff with assignments and assisting customers  • Complete inventory, weekly sales goal reports, shrink control, and return records  • Organize, hang, sensor, fold, and place new freight onto shelves  • Open/close establishment and complete maintenance Kitchen Manager C'paws's Webster House - Pearl, MS August 2010 to December 2013 • Assist with inventory  • Open/close restaurant and clean work stations  • Prepare and cook barbecue with accompaniments  • Assist with catering orders and assemble customer orders during shifts  • Oversee and train staff with assignments and procedures Education Certification in Bookkeeping Ashworth College - Jackson, MS January 2018 to August 2018 None in Pre-Veterinary Medicine Mississippi State University - Starkville, MS August 2005 to May 2008 Skills Inventory Checks/Reports (8 years), Bookkeeping Certification (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Excel (2 years), Microsoft Outlook (2 years), Microsoft Word (2 years), Multi-line phone system (8 years), Payroll Reports (3 years), Customer Service Skills (10+ years), Deposit and shrink control Reports (4 years), Accounts receivable knowledge (2 years), Copier and fax machine competent (6 years) Groups Sigma Phi Lambda August 2006 to Present Founding mother for Psi Chapter at Mississippi State University  Sorority promotes growth in Jesus Christ and offers volunteer opportunities to help community. Pre-Veterinary Club August 2005 to Present Organization committed to presenting pre-veterinary students the opportunity to learn more about the diverse field of veterinary medicine.   Offers fundraising and volunteer work. National Technical Honor Society August 2005 to Present Honor society for outstanding career and technical students of workforce vocational education institutions in the U.S.  Orginazation promotes values: honesty, responsibility, teamwork, leadership, self-esteem, pride in one's work.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1406.html#454:::Oracle Database Administrator;Windows Systems Administrator;IT Production Operations Specialist;IS Customer Support Analyst;Desktop Support;Sales Consultant;Unit Secretary:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator Edwardsville, IL Computer Management and Information Systems professional seeking a network administrator position. Experience in Windows Servers 2008 R2 and 2012, Active Directory, Citrix, SCCM, Oracle 12c, SQL, UNIX, Solaris Linux, RHEL, Citrix, SCOM, vSphere, etc. Ability to work independently or on a team with diverse individuals. Thorough with a strong work ethic, responsible, punctual, excellent verbal and written communication skills, and provides exceptional customer support. Strong desire to continually learn and contribute to an organization's success. Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator U.S. Air Force - Shiloh, IL November 2018 to June 2019 * Performed database maintenance using Oracle 12c ensuring availability to users; optimized/balanced processing & performance for peak & load; prepared appropriate dimensional data structures; provided logical interfaces for the extract/transform/load (ETL) process; resolved load, processing, reporting (extract), & other data management issues; validated, loaded, tested, and verified data; implemented designs & structures provided by systems & data architects; monitored database performance; and assisted with database security  * Administered several Centralized Enclave (CE) hosted databases on various platforms such as UNIX, Windows, Linux, RHEL; installed & maintained database software and patches via Windows 2008 R2 Server; configured & tested initial installations; upgraded CE hosted databases; managed database user administration including role & privilege management  * Maintained the data dictionary, database backup & recovery; assisted, defined, and surveyed database organization, standards, controls, procedures, & documentation including maintaining & documenting shell scripts & batch processes; ensured documentation was complete & up-to-date; applied thorough understanding of data architectures, database management system facilities & capabilities, and the operation/tuning of databases Windows Systems Administrator U.S. Army Corps of Engineers - St. Louis, MO August 2018 to November 2018 * Acted as Division SA sharing secondary responsibility for the entire division structure, and assisted local Field Operations personnel by providing technical expertise  * Created, deleted, transferred user accounts, and configured Group Policies in Active Directory (AD); added, deleted, & modified access rights using Windows PowerShell; experience with Exchange, network storage, VM Hosts, and Systems Center Operations Manager (SCOM) for monitoring the state and performance of routers, switches and access points; configured DHCP and DNS via Windows Server 2012 IT Production Operations Specialist Magellan Health - Maryland Heights, MO November 2017 to August 2018 * Utilized SCCM, Active Directory and Okta to manage account lockouts; assisted users with password creation  * Answered phones calls and documented all support activities in GetIT Web ticketing system; created 30-60 tickets daily; provided superior quality and service to roughly 10,000 end users including affiliated medical groups, providers & military personnel; effectively communicated with management, co-workers, and end users  * Monitored and took corrective actions to restore services in production operations within the following areas:  Data Center Operations, Desktop Operations, Network Operations, Server and Storage Operations, Cloud Operations and LAN/ID Administration; monitored systems and application dashboards for anomalies; & problem solving IS Customer Support Analyst Barnes-Jewish Hospital - St. Louis, MO August 2016 to July 2017 * Answered phones calls and documented all support activities in ServiceNow ticket-tracking system; created 30-60 tickets daily; provided superior quality and service to roughly 30,000 end users including affiliated medical groups; effectively communicated with management, co-workers, and end users  * Performed troubleshooting on MS Windows 2007; MS Office 2013; Citrix XenApp; Citrix Receiver; VMware; business applications; ancillary office equipment such as scanners, printing systems and fax machines; network systems; virtual environments (VPNs & VDIs), corporate liable cell phones (iPhones & Androids); from a remote    * location installed, upgraded, & configured software, operating systems, Citrix Receiver, Adobe, IE, etc.; unlocked and enabled accounts & configured Group Policies in Active Directory & Siteminder  * Demonstrated superior organizational & time management skills by identifying timely and accurate solutions to technical issues & prioritizing tickets according to criticality; exhibited strong computer aptitude, understanding of IT concepts, excellent analytical and problem-solving skills, the ability to resolve all first call issues, and if unable to do so, escalated tickets to level 2 and level 3 support teams as needed for advanced support; displayed strict adherence to professional ethics  * Performed troubleshooting on the following: Virtual environments (VDIs; Cisco VPN; RSA SecureID Two-Factor Authentication - soft tokens, hard tokens; VMware Horizon Client) printing systems (Ricoh, Precision printers); scanners; servers; operating systems (MS Windows 7 & 10); hardware (thin clients, ThinkVision laptops, Dell desktops); software (ServiceNow ticketing system; Landesk Management Suite; ServiceCatalog; Kronos MyTime; Citrix Online Plugin; Citrix Receiver; Citrix XenApp; Peoplesoft; Trend Micro Full Disk Encryption; PGP Encryption; Sharepoint; Active Directory (enabled accounts, created, edited, & maintained group policies); Imprivata (enabled & unlocked accounts, edited group policies); Siteminder (enabled & unlocked accounts); Cisco Spark; Webex/Jabber; Groupwise Messenger; Healthcare applications - EPIC, McKesson OneContent, MDM Airwatch, Cerner Bridge, Cerner Millennium, McKesson Horizon Clinicals, Surgical Information Systems (SIS), McKesson Horizon Patient Folders, McKesson e3M, Allscripts Touchworks, Adgo, Adhoc, Mainframe (AS400) Desktop Support Centene Corporation - Clayton, MO May 2015 to August 2015 * Deployed software to end users using Active Directory, System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM), Citrix Desktop Director, & Absolute  * Used ServiceNow ticketing system to assist in resolution of tickets for hardware/peripheral device modifications, new user implementation, & termination requests; reimaged hard drives Sales Consultant Macy's - St. Louis, MO 2012 to 2014 * Consulted customers on latest trends and fashions  * Provided timely service to customers purchasing shoes, clothing and accessories  * Opened new credit accounts; resolved customer complaints Unit Secretary Barnes-Jewish Hospital - St. Louis, MO 2009 to 2012 * Managed busy trauma floor at a large downtown St. Louis hospital by keeping track of new patient admissions to our floor, patients leaving for medical treatments/tests and returning back to floor, and patient discharges  * Demonstrated excellent communication skills with patients' families and various members of medical team consisting of doctors, nurses and other medical professionals  * Entered physician orders (typing speed 78 wpm with accuracy); handled busy phones and patient call lights  * Worked with PeopleSoft and GroupWise applications Education Bachelor's in Computer Management and Information Systems Southern Illinois University at Edwardsville - Edwardsville, IL May 2013 to May 2016 Bachelor's in Home Economics Eastern Illinois University - Charleston, IL August 1987 to August 1989 Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/carriespublicprofile Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+ August 1996 to Present CompTIA Security+ce August 2016 to August 2022
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1407.html#455:::Data Analyst;Database Administrator;SQL BI Developer/DBA;SQL Developer/SSIS/SSRS Developer;Software Tester/QA analyst;Database engine;Data modeling;Database;Dbms;Access 2003;Ms access;Ms access 2003;Ms sql server;Sql server;Mysql;Oracle;Pl/sql;Sql;Sql server reporting services;Tableau;T-sql;Etl;Sql server integration services;Power bi;C#:::Data Analyst Data Analyst Data Analyst - CCHC Inc • About 7+years of experience with leading industries with a focus on Business intelligence tools, Microsoft SQL Server, Dashboard Design  • Experienced in all the Business Intelligence Tools like Power BI, Tableau, and Crystal Reporting on various business domains like Finance, media, healthcare and manufacturing.  • Designing and implementing of KPIs (Key Performance Indicators)  • Created financial reports, dashboards using various software tools  • Effectively managed huge data for various departments IT, Creative, Health system and Hospital Administration.  • Hands on experience with healthcare specific software like PM-Practice Management and EHR- Electronic Health Records  • Experience in all the Latest Business Intelligence Tools like Power BI, Tableau, Crystal Reporting, QilkSense, Qlikview for Dashboard Design  • 3+ years of extensive data analyst, Tableau Experience in Enterprise Environment.  • Designed, Developed and Deployed Sql Server Integration Services (SSIS) Packages.  • Created database objects such as tables, views, stored procedures, Triggers etc.  • Maintained referential integrity, domain integrity and column integrity by using the available options such as constraints etc.  • Identified columns for Primary Keys in all the tables at the design time.  • Created Entity Relationship (ER) Diagrams to the proposed database using Workbench 2012, MS Visio2013.  • Created functions to provide custom functionality as per the requirements.  • Redesigned Database to fulfill new requirements.  • Lead projects from start to finish using sound project management skills. Worked with the rest of the Business Intelligence Team and fully support them in their roles  • System administrator; building a database and migrating information from multiple databases into one database using Workbench 2012 Work Experience Data Analyst CCHC Inc - Glendale, CA March 2016 to Present CCHC operates five community health centers providing medical, dental, behavioral, and vision services to underserved people in metropolitan Los Angeles and the San Fernando Valley. At CCHC I am the only data analyst working in the finance department this motivates and encourages me to work hard and deliver the reports on time to the team and higher executives.    Responsibilities  • Conducted independent statistical analysis, descriptive analysis, and hypothesis testing and logistic regression.  • Provided assistance for health care projects through SSRS, EHR and analysis software tools.  • Assisted in development of data formatting and cleaning criteria from various data sources.  • Generated database reports, presentation and documentation of analytical methods.  • Performed ad hoc analysis of data sources for hospital administration, CEO, CFO, EVP, and internal team.  • Participated in refinement and technical documentation of database reporting requirement,  • Extensively used Tabadmin and Tabcmd commands in creating backups and restoring backups of Power BI repository  • Tested dashboards to ensure data was matching as per the business requirements and if there were any changes in underlying data.  • Connected Power BI to various databases and performed live data connections, query auto updates on data refresh.    Environment: SQL Server 2012, SSIS/SSRS/EHR/PM, Tableau Desktop 10.5/10.3, Tableau Server 9.3, MS Office Suite, SQL Server, PL/SQL, Informatics, Teradata, MS Excel. Database Administrator Work Comp Central Inc - Camarillo, CA April 2015 to November 2015 Work Comp Central is a specialty media company providing professional news, education and data content to the workers' compensation industry. I was immersed in lamp technology (Linux, Apache, MySQL and PHP) created SSIS Packages designed and delivered various reports    Responsibilities  • Created Databases, Tables, Cluster/Non-Cluster Index, Unique/Check Constraints, Views, Triggers and Stored Procedures in SQL Server.  • System administrator; building a database and migrating information from multiple databases into one using Workbench 2012.  • Immersed in lamp technology (Linux, Apache, MySQL and PHP) Documentation of the migration process and implementing to the database, plus, updated current UI (user interface).  • Building, publishing customized interactive reports and dashboards, report scheduling using Tableau server.  • Created action filters, parameters and calculated sets for preparing dashboards and worksheets in Tableau.  • Developed Tableau Dashboards/Story's from multiple data sources using Data Blending.  • Developed Tableau workbooks to perform year over year, quarter over quarter, YTD, QTD and MTD type of analysis.    Environment: SQL Server 2008R2 Enterprise Edition, SSIS/SSRS/SSAS and SQL Management Studio 2008. SQL BI Developer/DBA TAP Series Inc - Woodland Hills, CA January 2015 to April 2015 TAP Series' unique teaching process allows for a real-time uninterrupted learning experience by using colorful graphics, animations, full motion video, audio and interactive learning exercises.  Data Warehouse project that I was part of enabled management to better leverage information collected within current operational systems to help in their decision-making process.    Responsibilities  • Work collaboratively with the IT team and Business users to identify and refine requirements.  • Implemented Tableau mobile dashboards via Tableau mobile application.  • Designing ETL packages for exporting heterogeneous data, different data sources (SQL Server, Flat Files, CSV and XML files etc.) and load the data into target data base servers by performing different data transformations (DTS) using SSISSQL Server 2012.  • Implementing Event Handlers and Error Handlers during creation of SSIS packages and notified process results to various users.  • Automated the ETL operations to Extract data from multiple data sources, transform inconsistent and missing data into consistent and reliable data, and finally load it into a Multi-dimensional data warehouse.  • Analysis Services & Reporting Services.  • Creating Tables, Cluster/Non-Cluster Index, Unique/Check Constraints, Views, Triggers and Stored Procedures.  • Experience in troubleshooting production servers for user and application issues.    Environment: SQL Server 2012, SSIS/SSRS/SSAS and SQL Management Studio 2012. SQL Developer/SSIS/SSRS Developer Ingrain Technologies Pvt Ltd - Pune, Maharashtra December 2010 to June 2014 Responsibilities  • Migrated data from SQL Server 2000 to Server 2005 using Data Transformation Services (DTS).  • Perform the tasks of updating test plan status to the test manager on a weekly basis.  • Collaborate with Business Analyst to ensure comprehensive requirements based testing is achieved  • Created Databases, Tables and triggers to validate the data to meet the specifications.  • Created views and indexed views as required by front end developer for easier implementation.  • Created stored procedures and functions to support data storage and manipulation.  • Used linked / replicated servers and high-volume data storage.  • Converted the DTS Packages into SSIS using Migration Wizards.  • Involved in Testing and Debugging the Stored Procedures and T-SQL.  • Worked on Client/Server tools like SQL Server Enterprise Manager and Query Analyzer to Administer Server.  • Built test scenarios and test cases (negative/positive) to validate expected outcome.    Environment: Windows Server 2003, SQL Server 2005, Visual Studio 2005, T- SQL, DTS. Software Tester/QA analyst Persistent Systems Limited - Pune, Maharashtra July 2009 to November 2009 Persistent Systems is a global company specializing in software product and technology services.    Responsibilities  • Performed: Smoke tests, BVT (Build Validation Test), System Testing, Retesting (after defect fixes), IAT (Integration Testing), Regression Testing, UAT (User Acceptance Testing), PROD (Test in Production).  Environment: ASP.NET, Microsoft Visual Studio 2008, C#, Quality center, Load Runner, MS Word, Excel. Education MS in Information Systems in Project Management, Business California Lutheran University 2015 Skills Database engine, Data modeling, Database, Dbms, Access 2003, Ms access, Ms access 2003, Ms sql server, Sql server, Mysql, Oracle, Pl/sql, Sql, Sql server reporting services, Tableau, T-sql, Etl, Sql server integration services, Power bi, C# Additional Information Technical Skills    Tools  SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS), BIDS, SQL Profiler, Query Analyzer, Performance Monitor, Database Engine Tuning Advisor, SQL Mail, SQL Trace, Redgate, Quick Test professional, Load Runner    DBMS/RDBMS MS SQL SERVER 2014/2012/2008R2/2008/2005, ORACLE 9i, MS Access 2003, MySQL  ETL Tools SQL Server Integration Services  Reporting Tools SQL Server Reporting Services, MS Excel, Crystal Reports, and Report Builder 3.0., Tableau, Power BI  Languages SQL, T-SQL, PL/SQL, VB.NET, C, C++, C#, Python  Data Modeling MS Visio  Other Technologies ASP.NET 3.5, JavaScript, AJAX  Operating Systems Microsoft Windows XP/Vista, Microsoft Windows Server 2003/2008R2
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1408.html#456:::Pricing Operation's Database Administrator;Business Systems Analyst Intern;Accounting Administrative Assistant;Microsoft access (3 years);Microsoft excel (5 years);Microsoft visio (3 years);Mysql (1 year);DBA;testing;Microsoft Office:::Pricing Operation's Database Administrator Pricing Operation's <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Pricing Operation's Database Administrator - Eaton- Cooper Lighting Atlanta, GA Work Experience Pricing Operation's Database Administrator Eaton- Cooper Lighting - Peachtree City, GA November 2018 to Present Provide technical support for pricing operations. Essential Duties and Responsibilities include but are not limited to:  • Maintain integrity of applications software and databases through investigation and regular monitoring  • Analyze loading, databases, and analytical support  • Analyze user reporting needs and provides solutions using the most appropriate tools and processes  • Participate in the definition of requirements for acquiring, developing or enhancing application software  • Develop/maintain application documentation following standards  • Required experience with Microsoft Office Suite, pricing software and SQL Business Systems Analyst Intern Campus Enterprises- IT Department - Greensboro, NC January 2017 to May 2018 Assists IT managers by:  • Requesting IP addresses to the DHCP  • Mounting servers (i.e. video servers)  • Hardware installations  • Troubleshooting (i.e. unstable recorders on video servers)  • Expanding storage for IP surveillance systems using direct attached storage (DAS)  • Providing application management services (AMS)  • Managing security cameras Configure door access controllers  • Systems used:  ? CS Gold, MySql  ? Windows Server  ? Qognify  Consult IT managers to:  • Clarify program intent, identify problems, and suggest changes  • Prioritize needs, resolve conflicts, choose solutions  • Provide timely and efficient IT coordination of services to meet organization needs  Desktop support  • Installation and troubleshoot for pc  Understanding point of sale on university campus:  • Micros application software  • Database (DB) Server  • CS Gold Transaction Processor (TP) Server Accounting Administrative Assistant Campus Enterprises- IT Department - Greensboro, NC August 2013 to May 2018 Administrative Assistant  Provided assistance to office accountants handling various tasks  • Data Entry  ? Inputting functions/modifying spreadsheets  * University commission check spreadsheets  * Billing and sales reports  • Making copies, organizing, and filing  • Answering phone calls  • Customer service  • Handling money transactions and deposits  • Support office accountants and handled extra projects as needed Education Bachelor of Science in Management Information Systems in Management Information Systems North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University - Greensboro, NC May 2018 Skills Microsoft access (3 years), Microsoft excel (5 years), Microsoft visio (3 years), Mysql (1 year), DBA, testing, Microsoft Office Certifications/Licenses Lean Six Sigma Green Belt November 2017 to Present Ethical Leadership Certification April 2018 to Present PMP Certificate Preparation Course (Certification to follow Spring 2020) May 2018 Additional Information SKILLS AND SOFTWARE PROFICIENCIES  •R Programming • MySQL • Microsoft Visio • Microsoft Word • Microsoft Power Point •Microsoft Excel • Microsoft Access
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1409.html#457:::Database Administrator;Internet Help Desk Assistant & team manager;Data Analyst;Business development & sales representative;Administrative Assistant;Sales Assistant Intern;WEB DESIGN (Less than 1 year):::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Client Success Team Member-National Debt Relief Aliquippa, PA Work Experience Database Administrator Richmond Events - New York, NY December 2016 to Present New York, NY December 2016 - Present  Database Administrator  • Identify and qualify over 100 new business leads weekly within the C & V Suite of The Logistics & supply Chain Industry  • Report directly to the project manager and client manager to help achieve their new business goals exceeding $2M in profit annually Internet Help Desk Assistant & team manager Frontier Communications - Robinson, PA June 2016 to November 2016 • Worked with US based clients over the phone to resolve in home and office challenges  • Troubleshot Frontier products with clients and coordinated first time set up • Managed 75 team members in the customer service department Data Analyst CFS Steel Company - Bronx, NY September 2015 to December 2015 • Created, organized and maintained a database of 100 accounts  • analyzed results using statistical techniques and created monthly reports  • optimized efficiency and data quality using various information systems  • Identified, analyzed, and interpreted trends and patterns in complex data sets  • Assisted management team to prioritize business and informational needs Business development & sales representative IBEX Global - Robinson, PA November 2014 to August 2015 on the DTE Energy Home Protection Plus account  • Worked with over 2,000 existing clients in Michigan  • Successfully Onboarded 500 new corporate clients  • Verified information and created policies by confirming price of contract policy  • Reduced loss of company revenue stream by 2% by working with customers who initially wanted to terminate their contract Administrative Assistant Institutional Advancement - Wilberforce, OH February 2013 to December 2013 • Face to face, email and phone communication with students and families at Central State University to assist in enrollment and university enrichment  • Worked directly with 30 senior executives in the admissions department to ensure organization and order Sales Assistant Intern Clear Channel Communications - Green Tree, PA May 2012 to August 2012 • Worked with a team of 20 to Produce commercials  ? Created an ad campaign for TBS television using the program V-creative  • Contributed to the promotional and marketing teams  • Directed radio station personalities at various venues within the community  • Assisted in producing radio shows that aired both corporate sponsors and music  • Worked with marketing and sales teams to create sales plans Education Bachelor of Arts in Mass Communications and Broadcasting Central State University - Wilberforce, OH December 2013 Skills WEB DESIGN (Less than 1 year) Additional Information SKILLS  radio Producer, Music Programmer and Web Design
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\141.html#458:::Application Database Administrator;Data Analyst/ Database Administrator;HP-UX (2 years);LINUX (4 years);OEM (2 years);Oracle (4 years);RMAN (4 years):::Application Database Administrator Application <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Application Database Administrator - K.K IMPEX Company Atlanta, GA Around 3 years of extensive database and over 5 years of General IT experience. I would like to be part of a challenging environment where my technical skills and analytical abilities can be used towards achieving the objectives and goals of your organization.    Key Competence    * Excellent experience and maintaining database including database security, Capacity monitoring and performance tuning (I/O, Memory & SQL Tuning etc.) Using explain plan, Analyze, AWR Report and so on. Gathering and analyzing AWR report for troubleshooting purposes.  * 3-year experience in Real Application Cluster RAC including setting up 11g RAC.  * Good experience in regular Security patching on oracle products and interim patching for various bug fixes on database products.  * Great working experience in writing SQL for creating views, functions, stored procedures, creation of database etc.  * Expertise in efficient database performance, implement performance optimized recommendations, fix issues and problems. Configuring and creating databases using DBCA.  * Extensive experience implementing backup and recovery strategy for disaster recovery using Hot/Cold Backups and using the Oracle backup utility such as RMAN.  * Experience in a variety of hardware platforms including; MS-Windows 2000, 2003, NT Server, UNIX/Linux.  * Excellent knowledge of SQL*Plus, SQL*Net, SQL*Loader, Enterprise Manager & Performance Tuning Pack.  * Great working knowledge installing, patching, maintaining and upgrading all Oracle software (10g to 11g) and (11g to 12c).  * Extensive knowledge on database backup/recovery strategy (RMAN, Export/Import & Datapump), Capacity Planning, Replication (Streams) standby databases, Oracle configuration management, Database Cloning, Refresh, and patch management.  * Documentation of the work assigned in the environment and stored for the future use.  * Strong emphasis on organization and documentations. Excellent interpersonal and strong communication skills (including Presentations). Customer-service oriented attitude and self-motivated, dedicated in any work environment.  * Experience in installation, upgrades, patches. Duties included database creation, Performance tuning/reorganization, cloning, backup/recovery, user and security management, auditing, general troubleshooting, coding, and configuring servers.  * Worked on Creation of tablespaces, datafiles, roles, redologs, rollback segments, stored procedures and Triggers.  * Experience in Implementing FLASHBACK technology and its various features in Oracle 10g/11g.  * Expertise on Installation/Configuring/Maintenance of Oracle Streams for replication, integration and transmission of data between different databases and applications.    * Experience in applying several patches such as CPU/PSU patches, One-Off Patches, Interim patches, DST, Patch sets as per the oracle recommendations.  * Wrote scripts to inform the DBA team on the status, performance and space management of the database.  * Worked with development and operations staff in resolving problems quickly and efficiently.  * Resolve the bottlenecks in all the database environments.  * Duties included database creation, backup/recovery using RMAN, tuning/reorganization, user and security management, auditing, cloning, general troubleshooting, and configuring servers.  * Extensively used Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) for maintaining and monitoring database.  * Experience in Logical backup using and full/ partial export/import and Data Pump.  * Extensive work experience in a database migration project team, serving in both an advisory and technical capacity.  * On call technical support for 24x7 mission critical production databases. Willing to work beyond regular hours.    Skill    RDBMS Oracle 12c/11g/10g/9i Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Application Database Administrator K.K IMPEX Company January 2015 to Present Responsibilities:  * Managing and coordinating various DBA projects in 200+ database (Oracle 12c, Oracle 11g, goldengate) environment.  * Providing 24/7 database administration support to production (More than 420 servers with more than 2500 databases), staging and QA databases in 4 data centers.  * Responsibilities include supporting the K.K IMPEX company database systems in a large complex RH LINUX, HP-UX, AIX and Windows environment.  * Support in the Migration of Oracle 11g database between datacenters.  * Responsible for all aspects of the RDBMS schema internals, involved in logical RDBMS configuration and support, tuning at the logical RDBMS level (tablespaces, tables, indices)  * Responsible for examining trace, alert, metrics, and log files, both at the database and grid infrastructure points of view  * Working with numerous application groups to coordinate dba driven maintenances (upgrades, patching, and migrations) as well as accommodate application owners' requirements and goals.  * Planning, coordinating and performing upgrades and patching for more than 200 oracle databases for numerous applications/projects  * Working with System Administrators to migrate production and non-production environments to a new hardware, coordinating migrations with application groups, choosing the best strategies for database migrations.  * Successfully solving problems and finding solutions in a variety of complex projects and tasks. Participate in team and special projects like Data Masking with OPTIM.  * Performance tuning: query optimization and troubleshooting (analyzing addmrpt, awrpt reports, etc), Database tuning - tuning applications, memory tuning and tuning disk usage.  Developing and maintaining technical documentation.  Everyday usage and in-depth knowledge of oracle technologies including RMAN, Datapump, Pool/Undo Advisories, Automatic Workload Repository (AWR) among the others.  * Maintain databases with company's monitoring and reporting scripts, in-house RMAN and expdp/impdp procedures, DB and OS space monitoring, etc.  * Environment: Oracle 10g, 11g, OEM, RMAN, DBUA, TOAD, Oracle Grid Control, AWR, UNIX, Sun Solaris, Red Hat Linux, AIX Data Analyst/ Database Administrator Government Communication Affairs, AA - ET January 2009 to December 2010 Responsibilities:  * Administering and maintaining the company's databases including daily monitoring and performance analysis using AWR Report etc. Gathering and analyzing AWR report for troubleshooting purposes.  * Working with other IT professionals for database designs and reviews; troubleshooting database issues, and deploying timely fixes; maintaining regular and proactive database patches, updates and performance enhancement.  * Ability to manage high availability solution centers using Oracle Real Application Clusters (RAC) with several nodes.  * Creating database that meet the constantly changing requirement and need of the company and clients.  * Configuring the Oracle Network environment including Oracle Net Services and Listeners, configuring and managing oracle network.  * Installing, patching, maintaining and upgrading all Oracle software (10g to 11g, 11g to 12c, golden gate) using DBCA; Performance tuning of all Oracle Instance components and assisting the application developers in testing and implementation stages of the application tuning.  * Performing constant and occasional database backup and recovery using RMAN, Data pump Import and Export utility, multiplexing the Control file etc. Using RMAN to clone database.  * requirements, cloning development databases for testing and training.  * Design and implement redundant systems, policies, and procedures for disaster recovery and data archiving. Monitor, optimize and allocate physical data storage for database systems.  * Set up and manage database security by creating new users, roles, profiles, and provide required user privileges in development, test, training and production environments.  * AWR and Tuning of SGA, distribution of disk I/O, Sizing of tables and indexes.  * Wrote shell scripts for purging trace files, alert log and network log files in Linux boxes that are used as standard script across all the databases.  * Installed the Oracle software using silent feature and also created databases  * Worked on designing, installing & maintaining OCR, 11gRAC and Data guard components of Oracle.  * Implemented Stream, Golden Gates for Active-Active Replication between the Datacenter for High Availability.  * Strategic involvement with team for Server virtualization and manageability of infrastructure.  * Currently helping team to use existing infrastructure to achieve Maximum benefit to reduce cost and maximum performance.  * Supported & maintained the Production/Development databases on various servers  * Extensively worked on setting up auditing in many databases we supported  * Managing Database Structure, Storage Allocation, Table/Index segments, Rollback Segments, Undo Segments, and Constraints. Education Bachelors of Science in Computer Science Dire Dawa University 2010 Skills HP-UX (2 years), LINUX (4 years), OEM (2 years), Oracle (4 years), RMAN (4 years) Additional Information OPERATING SYSTEMS HP-UX 10.x, 11.x, Sun Solaris 5.8, 5.9, 5.10, Linux (Red hat Linux) and Windows NT/2000/2003/XP.  LANGUAGES SQL, PL/SQL, T-SQL, C, VB, UNIX Shell Scripting, Ksh, bash and Perl Scripting.  SOFTWARES, APPLICATIONS & TOOLS  DBCA, WinScp, Oracle Data Guard, OEM (GC), RMAN, ASM, SQL*PLUS, SQL*LOADER, EXP, IMP, Data Pump (expdp, impdp), TOAD, EXPLAIN PLAN, AWR, OEM / Grid Control.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1410.html#459:::Package Handler;Financial Advisor;Financial Advisor;Insurance Agency Owner;Connectwise Database Administrator;Executive Office Assistant;Specialist;IT Intern;Sql;Html5;Ios;Javascript;Microsoft office;Photoshop:::Package Handler Package Handler Package Handler - UPS Aurora, CO Work Experience Package Handler UPS 2018 to Present Presents small sorts and scans, labels and bags small packages for distribution throughout building. Financial Advisor Centennial State Financial 2018 to 2019 * Sold life insurance, annuities, retirement plans, key man policies and any other investments that may have benefited client.  * Created budget with clients and reviewed their current income, debt and portfolio before any planning was done.  * Educated each client and their spouse as to which products were invested in which markets and how each aspect of their financial plan was projected to work based on information found during initial budget review.  * Ensured that they understood risks and possible rewards, providing minimum of three financial plans for them to choose from.  * Researched several companies that housed each decided-upon products once plan was in place, selecting best one based on fee schedules, minimum contributions and maximum earning potential.  * Performed review of every client completed by team at least once per year to ensure each product was still achieving maximum gains, or other companies would be researched for possible movement. Financial Advisor Pruco Securities 2018 to 2018 * Advisor in training, transitioning from insurance agent to financial advisor.  * Prospected for clients and teaming with direct manager to learn proper interview techniques, fact-finding questions and data entry for progress tracking.  * Presented formal financial education to each client based on their personal accomplishments, goals and ability to achieve them.  * Created data sheets explaining historical markets, current markets and outlined risk versus reward; and answered any questions they had from first meeting to end of professional relationship.    Continues Insurance Agency Owner Farmers Insurance Group 2016 to 2018 * Sold property and casualty insurance along with retirement accounts and life insurance, and was responsible for all recruiting, hiring, terminating, training and licensed agent duties in office.  * Ensured that all calls were answered and/or returned same day, explaining coverages and deductibles, and educating on different discounts and their importance.  * Maintained top position in district for life insurance sales for two consecutive months, and was tapped to teach weekly classes on how different policies worked, which clients were best suited for which policy, and how fiduciary rules were governed in regards to cash value accumulation, loans and withdrawals. Connectwise Database Administrator Xssentials Home Automation 2015 to 2016 * Responsible for merger of Xssentials and eBode Home Automation in ConnectWise system.  * Received tickets submitted by employees for trouble or requested feature additions, deciding if those requests should be honored  * Implemented and declared permissions; provided training; and filtered tickets. Executive Office Assistant American Intense Racing 2011 to 2016 * Created office with technology to include functioning website, built customer database in Access, presented PowerPoint for lobby, completed customer invoices with formulas in Excel, networked security system through shop, and linked to owners phone.  * Researched solution for any technical issues or needs as requested; and self-taught QuickBooks and kept it updated.  * Liaised with supplier, partner or vendor to have applications processed, dealer status created, invoices revised, cancelled or paid. Specialist Verizon Wireless 2014 to 2015 * Transferred all data from customer's old device to new one, assisting and educating them on use as well as settings and other features.  * Informed customer of previous training, and networked other devices together if they brought them in. Ensured that customers left feeling confident that they knew how to work their technology. IT Intern 303Tech 2014 to 2015 Performed various tasks around office and on location such as: monitored Microsoft accounts for problems, assisted in networking issues for Little Caesars account, networked client machines and devices together, and created and monitored emails. Education Certificate in Cybersecurity University of Phoenix February 2021 License Colorado Technical University 2010 Skills Sql, Html5, Ios, Javascript, Microsoft office, Photoshop Additional Information Computer Skills: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Microsoft Office, Photoshop, Apple iOS, SQL
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1411.html#460:::Database Administrator;Freelancer;Development Coordinator;Front Desk Associate;Coordinator, Community Service and Volunteer Resource Center;Volunteer Coordinator;Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook) (7 years);Database Management (4 years);Data Entry (4 years);Time Management (10+ years);Westlaw (Less than 1 year);TerminalFour (1 year);Raiser's Edge (4 years);ImportOMatic/Luminate Online (Less than 1 year);TeamRaiser (Blackbaud) (Less than 1 year):::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator - New Jersey Sharing Network Bloomfield, NJ Self-motivated and highly adaptable detail-oriented professional with an aptitude for writing, research, data entry, and database management. Seeking a unique position that will utilize these skills and provide an opportunity for personal and  professional growth within the organization. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Administrator New Jersey Sharing Network - New Providence, NJ January 2019 to Present Maintain the Foundation's database in Raiser's Edge, ensuring accurate daily gift entry, timely gift acknowledgment, and overall data integrity. Create events and registrations, as well as importing data with ImportOMatic, exporting and  manipulating data in Excel, and generating queries, lists, and financial reports for reconciliation.  ? Spearheading several long-term cleanup and maintenance projects in RE, with the larger goal of optimizing communications with Sharing Network constituents and supporting future donor cultivation and gift solicitation. Freelancer Ohlinger Studios - Columbus, OH December 2017 to Present Development Coordinator St. Hubert's Animal Welfare Center - Madison, NJ October 2015 to June 2018 Utilized Raiser's Edge to enter incoming charitable gifts and in-kind donations, create financial reports for bookkeeping, and manage constituent profiles, along with performing regular data cleanup and administering queries and lists. Performed data merges in Word, printing, and coordination of up to 1600 acknowledgement letters a month (featuring weekly highlights), while overseeing the content and assemblage of new/lapsed donor kits. Supported all other donor-recognition and fundraising efforts by assisting the Development & Communications Team with prospect research; grants administration and management; and event planning and logistics.  ? 2017-18 member of the Association of Fundraising Professionals (AFP). Front Desk Associate SoulCycle, Inc - Short Hills, NJ October 2013 to July 2015 Delivered high-end, individualized customer care and hospitality to clients. Managed high-volume scheduling, calls, and class check-ins, while playing an active, energizing role in team performance and regularly assisting management with new employee training. As an essential team member and shift lead, promoted further community development and growth of the company brand within NJ with the overall goal of heightening levels of customer satisfaction and retention rates.  ? Scored manager rating of 4.5/5 - "exceeds expectations" - on second mid-year review, along with receiving two studio-wide "SoulCollades." Recognized with merit-based raise. Coordinator, Community Service and Volunteer Resource Center Montclair State University - EECO AmeriCorps Prog - Montclair, NJ September 2012 to September 2013 Responsible for contributing to and increasing levels of civic engagement among Montclair State University members through non-academic volunteer recruitment, management, and retention. Liaised with students, faculty, staff, and alumni to identify meaningful and impactful community service opportunities, while developing and maintaining sustainable partnerships with community-based nonprofits. Successfully conceived, planned, and executed service projects on and off campus.  ? 2013 Akili Lynn Gordon Outstanding AmeriCorps Member Award Winner, NJ statewide conference.  ? Recruited over 1,400 potential volunteers for the 2012-13 school year.  ? Implemented university-wide 5th Annual National Day of Service and launched inaugural University-Community Partnership Fair (over 300 student, faculty, and nonprofit attendees).  ? Developed unique university webpage with all-new content in TerminalFour, improving visibility and accessibility of VRC services among internal and external users. Volunteer Coordinator Food Bank of Delaware - Newark, DE June 2012 to August 2012 Education Bachelor of Arts in History UNIVERSITY OF DELAWARE - Newark, DE 2012 Skills Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook) (7 years), Database Management (4 years), Data Entry (4 years), Time Management (10+ years), Westlaw (Less than 1 year), TerminalFour (1 year), Raiser's Edge (4 years), ImportOMatic/Luminate Online (Less than 1 year), TeamRaiser (Blackbaud) (Less than 1 year) Additional Information Core competencies include:  Donor Database Management • Data Entry/Recordkeeping • Nonprofit Development & Administration • Verbal and Written Communication • Detail Orientation & Time Management • Internet & Prospect Research    TECHNICAL SKILLS  Highly experienced with... Raiser's Edge • ImportOMatic • TeamRaiser • Microsoft Office Word, PowerPoint  Proficient in... Chaucer • Microsoft Office Excel • Westlaw • LegalServer • TerminalFour  Heartsaver CPR/AED, American Heart Association (2013-2015)
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1412.html#461:::Sr. Oracle DBA;Sr. Oracle DBA;Sr. Oracle DBA;Sr. Oracle DBA;Oracle DBA;Oracle DBA;Oracle Database Administrator;Database;Microsoft sql server;Microsoft sql server 2005;Sql server;Sql server 2005;Mysql;Oracle;Pl/sql;Postgresql;Sql;Aix;Awk;Korn;Linux;Red hat;Sed;Shell scripting;Solaris;Sun;Unix:::Sr. Oracle DBA Sr. Oracle DBA Sr. Oracle DBA - CITI Group Irving, TX 8 years of experience in Oracle database administration in Linux, Unix and Windows platforms. Experience include Installation, Configuration , Upgrades, Space Management, System maintenance, Cloning, patching, data replication, Database security, Troubleshooting database design, Performance Monitoring, Tuning, Backup and Recovery and also includes RAC, ASM, Data Guard, Golden Gate ,Data Pump and Grid Control experience.    • Excellent experience in Installation and configuration of Oracle 12c, 9i,10g, 11g in UNIX/LINUX and Windows environment.  • Upgraded Databases from 9i to 10g ,10g to 11g and 11g to 12c on various platforms.  • Managed Databases in the range from 50GB to 30TB.  • Proficient in Database administration activities such as user management, space management, Monitoring, Creating Database, Managing Oracle Instance and Database security and Materialized Views.  • Worked on Performance optimization of large objects (LOB, BLOB, CLOB) by monitoring redoes generation, increasing log buffer size, blocksize and changing archiving procedures and Query tuning using Statspack , TKPROF and OEM.  • Performance Tuning of the database (Memory Allocation Tuning, I/O Tuning, Tuning Contentions) using oracle 11g tools like AWR, ADDM, Advisories, TKPROF, SQL TRACE,EXPLAIN PLAN for the better performance.  • Performance Monitoring and Tuning of Database using Grid Control & Diagnostic pack (AWR, ASH ADDM etc)  • Experience in taking Full and partial backups, Incremental and Cumulative backups using RMAN (Recovery Manager).  • Experience in taking backup and performing recovery.  • Experience in performing point in time recovery at times of necessity.  • Design and implement backup and recovery including disaster recovery structures.  • Installation, Configuration and Maintenance of Oracle 9i/10g/11g RAC on two node and four node configurations.  • Designed and implemented Oracle Real Application Clusters (RAC) on Linux for an OLTP application with Transparent Application Failover.  • Experienced in installation and configuration of Oracle cluster ware and Automatic Storage Management (ASM) in RAC environment.  • Experience in conversion of Single Node Instance to multi node RAC with ASM, and adding instance to existing RAC.  • Experience in Migration of Oracle Databases from non-RAC to RAC and non-ASM to ASM Instances.  • Experience in Real Application Clusters (RAC) setup with 4 nodes, configuration and cluster interconnection with Automatic Storage Management (ASM).  • Configured and maintained physical standby databases using Oracle Data Guard to perform quick disaster recovery.  • Experience in maintaining Data Guard to provide high availability by implementing physical standby database and snapshot standby and worked with Oracle 11g features, 11g Grid Control.  • Experience in using Golden Gate to support data replication monitoring, tuning and capacity planning.  • Implemented data load by replication methods like Materialized views, Golden Gate from OLTP systems into data warehouse databases.  • Experience in recovering Golden Gate corruptions and managing cluster maintenance mode blackouts.  • Performed Export/Import through Data Pump, worked with data pump to take the logical backups of databases.  • Installed, configured and updated EXADATA machines.  • Implementation of Flashback Technology.  • Experience in Implementing Streams, ODI, Data Pump, Export and Import Utilities.  • Good experience in resolving issues related to installation, upgrades and patches.  • Applied Patch Set Updates to 10g and 11g oracle databases.  • Excellent troubleshooting skills in OS level and Database level.  • Worked with development and operations staff in resolving problems quickly and efficiently.  • Experience in Administering Oracle Database using Oracle Enterprise Manager, Toad, PL /SQL Developer.  • Familiar with Data Warehousing (ETL), Data Mining and OLTP concepts and ASM, SAN.  • Experience in SQL Server and Mongo Databases.  • Experience in UNIX shell programming.  • Experience in PostgreSQL databases.  • Strong skills in SQL* PLUS, SQL* Loader, UNIX Shell scripts (KSH and CSH), Import/Export Server Manager.  • Proficient in SQL, PL/SQL, Stored Procedures, Functions, Cursors and Triggers etc.  • Exposure to several industry sectors - Finance/Mortgage, Internet/Web advertising, Telecom, State, Retail, Power, Banking/Credit card processing, Federal and Manufacturing.  • Possess good leadership, excellent communication and time management and presentation skills with excellent technical, analytical, interpersonal, problem solving and organizational skills.  • Expertise in leading the teams for maintenance of 24X7 high-availability applications and databases. Work Experience Sr. Oracle DBA CITI Group - Irving, TX November 2016 to Present Responsibilities:  • Managing and supporting nearly 100 Oracle Physical and ORAAS databases, size ranges from 50 GB to 10 TB.  • Migrated Oracle databases from AIX to ORAAS (Citi's Internal Cloud) using Cross Platform Transportable Tablespace XTTS and Data Pump Export/Import methods.  • Responsible on migrating SQL Tuning Sets and Baselines.  • Worked on Export and Import of statistics during migration.  • Created Validation script for comparison of source and target databases after the migration.  • Building 2-node and 3-node RAC ORAAS databases based on the requirement.  • To install, administrate and troubleshoot Oracle Goldengate replication utility.  • Configuring Uni-directional and Bi-directional replication between multiple Oracle database instances using Oracle Goldengate.  • Implementing conflict resolution and detection measures to maintain data integrity between replicated sites.  • Implementing data load by replication methods like Materialized views, Golden Gate from OLTP systems into data warehouse databases.  • To recover Golden Gate corruptions and managing cluster maintenance mode blackouts.  • Setup automated monitoring of Golden Gate process and heart beat monitoring using Goldengate Management Pack.  • Verifying tables, rows and columns are in sync or not using Goldengate Veridata.  • Implemented partitioning on large tables, expertise in using composite partitioning, local indexes and global indexes.  • Administered Oracle ASM disk groups (mirroring, compatibility) with Oracle ASM Configuration Assistant (ASMCA).  • Implemented physical standby database for maximum availability using Oracle Data Guard 11g with Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) 12c cloud control.  • Worked on Database administration activities such as User management, Space management, Monitoring, Managing Oracle Instances and Database security.  • Taking Full and Partial backups, Incremental and Cumulative backups using RMAN (Recovery Manager).  • Performing all daily Maintenance tasks including scheduling backup jobs, monitoring job failures and troubleshooting RMAN backup job failures and interacting with Oracle Customer service when required.  • Creating and Managing Primary Objects like Custom tables, Procedures, Packages, Triggers, Alerts & Functions. Views, Indexes, user accounts, roles, grants and performing day-to-day operations.  • Upgrading Oracle Databases from 10g to 11g and 11g to 12c.  • Converting Single Node Instance to multi node RAC with ASM and adding instance to existing RAC.  • Migrating Oracle Databases from non-RAC to RAC and non-ASM to ASM Instances.  • Monitoring of database using Oracle's Enterprise Manager (OEM), Statspack Reports, Explain Plans, SQL Trace and TKPROF.  • Monitoring and analyzing database activity to proactively identify and prevent potential incidents and also recommending methods to improve performance.  • Analyzing the AWR reports and ASH analysis and recommending the changes to application team if required.  • To do Performance Tuning i.e. Tuning RAC, tuning applications, shared pool, I/O distribution, rollback segments, buffer cache, redo mechanisms using AWR/ASH reports.  • Generating ADDM reports to ensure optimal database performance tuning and use SQL Tuning Advisor and SQL Monitoring to tune SQL queries for long running SQL.  • To work on Performance optimization of large objects (LOB, BLOB, CLOB) by monitoring redoes generation, increasing log buffer size, blocksize and changing archiving procedures and Query tuning using Statspack, TKPROF and OEM.  • Experience in Identifying performance bottlenecks on high volume transaction systems. Analyze SQL statements, reorganize database objects and design indexes to improve response of queries.  • Applied latest Oracle PSU Patches on Physical databases and ORAAS databases.  • Applied CPU patches and bug fixes as and when required and performing database refresh from Prod to Dev.  • Applied database patches using Opatch utility & building Clone instances for Development and Test teams.  • Applied one-off patches to fix problems, upgraded Grid and RDBMS software to higher versions.  • Written Shell scripts to Monitor activates like availability of database & listeners, space utilization, gathering statistic for the cost base optimizer, index rebuilding etc.  • Providing database administration support for application and development teams for Maintenance and Emergency software releases.    Environment: Oracle 12c, 11gR2, 10g, RAC, ASM, Golden Gate, Dataguard, Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control (OEM), RDBMS, Explain plan, Statspack, Redhat Linux, Windows, PL/SQL, TOAD, SQL Tuning Advisor, SQL Performance Analyzer, Shell Scripting. Sr. Oracle DBA Fitch Ratings - New York, NY June 2015 to September 2016 Responsibilities:  • Administer over 300 databases across development, QA, UAT and PROD environments via use of command line and Oracle tools Oracle Enterprise Manager Cloud 12c.  • Manage large complex Oracle RAC clusters with 50+ applications.  • Installed Oracle 11g RAC and Upgrading Oracle 10g RAC databases.  • Upgraded databases from 11g to 12c.  • Set up Active Dataguard Configurations for oracle database 11.2.0.3 for thirty databases whose size varies from 5 TB to 20 TB on a 6 node RAC.  • Designed Golden Gate configuration for databases & implemented filters with rules to meet the business usage which will reduce load on the production databases for better performance with replication on multiple sites.  • Migrated and upgraded Oracle 11gR2 Databases from Sun Solaris 10 to Red hat Linux 5 using Golden gate.  • Experience in bi-directional and broadcast replication from source to target databases using Golden Gate 11.0 and Golden Gate 12.0.  • Implemented Golden Gate replication for new tables, support and patching.  • Worked on SQL Tuning and how to use the available tools outside of Oracle Enterprise Manager.  • Worked on Performance Tuning, identifying large objects, analyze those objects and recommend changes to improve performance.  • Updated MVIEWS and test code to improve performance.  • Identifying objects no longer accessed and remove those objects which results in saving space in the databases.  • Worked on moving data from one storage area to another.  • Implemented Oracle Spatial functions and procedures for enabling spatial data to be stored, accessed, and analyzed quickly in an Oracle database.  • Installed and Administered Oracle 11g & 10g RAC software with ASM.  • Had fixed several performance tuning issues which relates to RAC & standalone databases by recommending better solutions that could save cost, virtualization, and resources.  • Implemented fast start failover on databases and configuring disaster recovery site using dataguard. Also proficient with new 11g features such as Active Dataguard and Snapshot standby database.  • Implemented & Managed Physical Standby and even Configured Automatic Storage Management (ASM).  • Worked on backup and restoring the data.  • Solid understanding of key Exadata features including Hybrid Columnar Compression, Exadata Smart Flash Cache, Exadata Storage Index and Exadata Storage Management & Administration.  • Implemented Database resource manager to segregate the current workloads at production database & reduce the resource consumption for high volume transactions.  • Implemented RMAN Image Copy Backup Strategy for very large Databases in minimizing the downtime for recovery.  • Worked on installation and setup of Mongo databases.  • Implemented different Partition methods.  • Provide 3rd level support for Oracle RAC, including applying patches (CPU, PSU and Interim), performance tuning, Backup and recovery issues with RMAN, trace analysis, service creation for the apps to fail over, cluster and system management.  • Refresh database using import/export from production to UAT, SQL*LOADER used to load the data from flat files to oracle tables. Used ETL to extract data from database and transform the data to different databases.  • Worked on installing PostgreSQL databases and troubleshooting PostgreSQL databases.  • Worked on PostgreSQL 9.3 and 9.4 databases.  • Worked with UNIX shell scripts, materialized views, Capacity planning.  • Worked closely with application and development teams to resolve production issues. Created database services for different applications.  • Applied one-off patches to fix problems, upgraded Grid and RDBMS software to higher versions.  • Worked on Performance tuning using AWR, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN & STATSPACK, AWR, ADDM.  • Patching and Upgrades of Oracle 10g, 11g databases to protect from VTM.  • Providing database support for development and deployment of database scripts in Development, Test, Pre-Production and Production environments.  • Monitor file system space, database resource consumption and verify efficient use of disk storage  to avoid out-of-space conditions.    Environment: Oracle 12c, 11gR2, 10g, RAC, ASM, Exadata, Golden Gate, Dataguard, Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control(OEM), RDBMS, Explain plan, Statspack, Sun Solaris, Redhat Linux, Windows, SQL*LOADER, PL/SQL, TOAD, SQL Tuning Advisor, SQL Performance Analyzer, PostgreSQL database, Mongo database, SQL server 2008, Shell Scripting. Sr. Oracle DBA Nashville, TN December 2014 to May 2015 Responsibilities:  • Supported 400 databases including RAC production databases, a Datawarehouse database and a lot of Development and Test databases and upgraded from 10g to 11g.  • Provided Production & test environment support while coordinating with Unix Team and storage team to configure the OS infrastructure for Oracle Databases.  • Playing vital role in streamlining all the databases on AIX, HP-UX, Linux, Solaris.  • Worked on setting up/installation and configuration of release 11g R2 RAC with ASM and Raw Devices and 11g CRS on IBM AIX 6.1.  • Performed conversion of Single Node Instance to multi node RAC with ASM, and adding instance to existing RAC.  • Installed and configured 6 node oracle 11gR2 RAC for production environment.  • Installed 12c Databases and responsible for upgrading Oracle 10g RAC to 11g RAC.  • Involved in Oracle Golden Gate installation, configuration, troubleshooting Golden Gate EXTRACT and REPLICATE issues.  • Implemented and administered Oracle Golden Gate (v10) for Database Replication between production and reporting node, by using Oracle Streams in parallel to secure data and having the availability of the database during regular the upgrade or maintenance operation.  • Hands-on experience in Golden Gate replication.  • Implemented Data Pump, Export and Import on day to day basis as per development and test servers.  • Responsible for Performance Monitoring and analysis of 11g RAC (Real Application Clusters) with AWR (Automatic Workload Repository) reports and ASH (Active Session History).  • Monitoring database performance and database operation to prevent downtime and slowness of the services.  • Worked closely with the system operations team on database deployment processes and database capacity planning.  • Implemented backup and recovery procedures (Cold/Hot backups, RMAN Incremental backups & Import/Export).  • Handled Physical and Logical Corruptions and recovery using RMAN (Recovery Advisor).  • Applied database patches using Opatch utility & building Clone instances for Development and Test teams.  • Maintained and monitored various production servers with Oracle 11g R1, 11g R2, 10g, and exadata servers.  • Migrated all the RDBMS database to EXADATA machine.  • By using EXADATA provided support to a combination of database system such as OLTP and OLAP.  • Wrote shell scripts for automation of tasks and used shell scripts with crontab for job scheduling.  • Involved in architecting the environment requirements for the project, hardware provisioning, instance strategy, patching strategy.  • Scheduled database maintenance tasks such as tables/indexes analysis, index rebuild, materialized views refresh and db exports.  • Maintained DATA GUARD to provide high availability by implementing physical stand-by database and snapshot-standby and worked with Oracle 11g features 11g Grid Control and Automatic Storage Management (ASM).  • Troubleshooting Space Management & User accounts and privilege issues while coordinating with Unix and application teams.  • Performed proactive database maintenance procedures to ensure optimal performance and uptime and implemented shell scripts for automation of day to day activities.  • Identify Top SQL's that are consuming heavy resources and provide support to the development team in identifying SQL queries that are consuming high resources and interact with the development team to see if these queries can be fine-tuned further.  • Applying Regular Security Patching and Critical patch Updates (CPU) and Patch set updates (PSU) on Oracle databases and interim patches for various bug fixes on database products.  • Production support for Oracle database 10g/11g RAC.  • Actively involved in monitoring the lock processes, releasing locks in case of resource blockage and gathering statistics.  • Worked on SQL Server 2008 and 2012.  • Worked on different RDBMS and associated applications.  • Implemented and configured of Oracle Enterprise manager OEM 12C and Oracle Management Server for maintenance and monitoring of production databases.  • Worked on different partitioning strategies on PostgreSQL databases.  • Managing Users, Roles, privileges, profiles, schemas, SQL Monitoring, SQL Advisor, SQL tuning and Metrics, using Grid Control of Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) 12C.  • Creating and Managing Primary Objects like Custom tables, Procedures, Packages, Triggers, Alerts & Functions. Views, Indexes, user accounts, roles, grants and performing day-to-day operations.  • Expert in monitoring database using Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM).    Environment: Oracle 11gR1, 11gR2, 12c, RHEL 6.x, IBM AIX 6.1, RAC, ASM, RMAN, OEM Grid Control 12c, Golden Gate 10.0, Data Guard, MS SQL 2008(R2), 2012,PostgreSQL. Sr. Oracle DBA Fidelity Investments, Raleigh - Durham, NC November 2013 to November 2014 Responsibilities:  • As Production DBA, managed all database issues including database capacity, re-orgs, backup & recovery, scripting and Performance tuning.  • Worked as team member to provide 24/7 on call production database support.  • Supported and maintained multi-terabyte high transactional OLTP RAC-enabled database.  • Implemented Upgradation and Migration of Database's from 10.2.0.5 to 11.2.0.1 and applying patches whenever required.  • Installed Oracle Clusterware to provide infrastructure for RAC and configured 2 node Oracle 10g RAC with ASM.  • ASM Setup and maintenance on RAC databases.  • Used RMAN for backup and recovery.  • Configured and managed Data Guard for Production databases.  • Installed and configured Oracle 11g RAC, developed 2 node RAC environments for a 25TB database by implementing WAN technology to reduce the network traffic.  • Responsible for Installing, configuring and maintaining Oracle Grid Control (10g grid).  • Responsible for regular Security Patching on Oracle Products and interim patches for various bug fixes on database products.  • Migration of Oracle Databases from non-RAC to RAC and non-ASM to ASM Instances.  • Recovering Golden Gate corruptions and managing host/cluster maintenance mode blackouts.  • Installed, configured and supported uni-directional and bi-directional Oracle-to-Oracle replicated environments utilizing Golden Gate.  • Monitoring of database using Oracle's Enterprise Manager (OEM), Statspack Reports, Explain Plans, SQL Trace and TKPROF.  • Regularly monitoring the Production databases using OEM 11g Grid control.  • Creating, maintaining, Tuning Standby databases, Disaster recovery using data guard Broker.  • Applied Consolidated Update, Critical Patch Update (CPU's), Security alert patches using Opatch.  • Monitor and tune database performance including SQL tuning.  • Implement complex enterprise changes as they pertain to the database environment.  • Written UNIX Shell scripts for monitoring the processes, sessions, transactions on Production RAC database after migration.  • Written UNIX shell scripts for partition splitting.  • Strong skill in PL/SQL procedures, packages, triggers and replication.  • Work with development and operations staff in resolving problems quickly and efficiently.  • Clear communication and documentation of technical specifications.  Environment: Oracle databases 10g/11g , Sun Solaris 5.9 and 5.10, Linux, Windows ,Veritas Cluster, Net Backup, VNC server, NETAPP Manager, TOAD, OEM 11g grid control, Datapump, Exp/Imp, Metalink, PL/SQL, SQL*PLUS, VNC, Oracle RAC, Data guard. Oracle DBA Intense Technologies - IN May 2012 to September 2013 Responsibilities:  • Responsible for both manage and support 6 production databases and 15 development/test databases with sizes of databases varying from 50 GB to 550 GB.  • Installed and Upgraded 10g to 11g.  • Perform daily administration support for database backups, performance tuning and monitoring.  • Monitored and diagnosed database performance through monitoring of alert files, trace files.  • Created User accounts, Roles and granting required access permissions and privileges to the database based on the applications they are accessing.  • Worked with Data pump to take the logical backups of databases.  • Worked in performing Point in time recovery using RMAN.  • Used Oracle configuration assistants like DBCA ( Database Configuration Assistant) for Creating databases, DBUA ( Database Upgrade Assistant) for Upgrading databases and NETCA (Network Configuration Assistant) for creating a Client-Server environment using Listener, TNS names etc.  • Standby database setup via 10g data guard for database Disaster Recovery.  • Implemented shell scripts to reduce the time for large code movements during cut over tasks.  • Storage Management Managing Space, Tablespaces, Segments and Extents, Rollback Segments & Data Dictionary. Online/Offline Database Backups and managing database recovery with RMAN.  • Performance tuning via OEM, STATSPACK/AWR for 10g/11g.  • Efficient in using the Oracle Tools like SQL* Plus, SQL* Loader, SQL*Net and IMPORT/EXPORT]]  • Involved in development of Triggers and handled packages.  • Maintenance tasks like bouncing the production database, services through Veritas.  • Created custom DBA script using DMVs, system tables for database management.    Environment: Oracle 10g/11g, IBM-AIX, HP-UX, Windows 2000, RMAN, PL/SQL, Shell Scripting, exp/imp, SQL, SQL/PLUS, MS SQL 2008 / 2005. Oracle DBA Wind Stream Telecommunication - IN June 2011 to April 2012 Responsibilities:  • Responsible for administration and supporting Oracle 9i and 10g databases.  • 24x7 Production database administration, support and monitoring to ensure a proactive problem recognition and resolution of database issues.  • Successfully migrated databases from windows2000/2003 running oracle 9i over to Linux boxes 10g.  • Installation, Upgrade and Configuration of Oracle 9i and 10g Databases.  • Involved in designing of disaster recovery plan using Data Guard, and High Availability using RAC.  • Schemas refresh using Export/Import Pump, Creating the database table spaces, tables, indexes, setting privileges and user logins.  • Configuration, Administration and tuning of Oracle 10g and 9i RAC.  • Used cross platform transportable table space (TTS) to transport table spaces across platforms.  • Data Refresh in Test and Integration Databases using Transportable Table spaces.  • Performed Setup Recovery Manager (RMAN) and Flash Recovery in RAC Environment.  • Oracle Streams Bi-Directional replication implementation at Table, Schema and Database Level.  • Implemented backup strategies using hot/cold, exp/imp used on the business req.  • Cloning databases using scripts as well as RMAN and performed Table space point in time recovery (TSPITR) using RMAN.  • Implemented Streams replication between RAC and non RAC database environments.  • Installed Oracle 10g Enterprise Manager (Grid Control) for diagnosing and monitoring performance related problems and configured with Application servers on test databases.  • Monitoring and tuning using tools like Enterprise Manager GRID, Oracle cost Based optimizer (CBO), SQL analyzer, automatic checkpoint tuning, SQL Advisors, Performance Manager, and Stats pack.  • Performed conversion single instance to Real Application Cluster (RAC) database instances.  • Utilized Oracle Streams to capture, propagate, and apply the transfer of data, transactions, and events within managed databases.  • Provided database/application tuning including as reducing lock contention, analyzing objects.  • Downsizing and defragmenting the Very Large Databases by export / import, cloning those using RMAN duplicate features and then upgrading them to Oracle 10g and Production to development refresh.  • Experienced on Database Security by monitoring User Management, Privileges, and Roles, Auditing, Profiling, Authentication and Risk management.  • Experience in Unix Shell scripting in csh, ksh for automating startup/shutdown, backup and recovery, Import and export procedure of databases, getting system alerts.  • Experienced in documentation, provided documentation for database design, analysis, modifications, creating schemas etc.    Environment: Oracle 9i/10g, HP-UX 11, Red Hat Linux4, Windows 2000/2003, Enterprise Manager GRID, RUP, RMAN, SAN/NAS, HSM, 10g RAC, Streams, CDC, Data Guard, SQL*Plus, PL/SQL, ASM, J2EE, ToadV9.7 & SQL, Navigator V6.1. Oracle Database Administrator Citigroup Financial Services - Irving, TX Education Bachelor's Skills Database, Microsoft sql server, Microsoft sql server 2005, Sql server, Sql server 2005, Mysql, Oracle, Pl/sql, Postgresql, Sql, Aix, Awk, Korn, Linux, Red hat, Sed, Shell scripting, Solaris, Sun, Unix Additional Information Technical Skills  Database Utilities  DBCA, DBUA, Recovery Manager (RMAN), Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM), OEM Grid Control, Oracle Data Guard, Oracle Management Service (OMS), Real Application Clusters (RAC), Automatic Storage Management(ASM), SQL Navigator, , TOAD, Data Pump (expdp, impdp), Query Analyzer, VERITAS NetBackup, Developer 2000, SQL*Plus, SQL*Loader, Golden Gate, Toad 7.6/7.5, SQL Developer    Databases Oracle 8i, 9i, 10g,11g, 12c,RAC 11gR1 ,RAC11gR2 ,Data-Guard 9i/10g/11g,Mysql,Microsoft Sql Server 2005,2008,Mongo,PostgreSQL.  Tool/Utilities TKPROF, STATSPACK, EXPLAIN PLAN, Oracle Enterprise Manager 10g/11g/12c,Sql Developer, Putty  Operating Systems Windows NT/2000/2003/XP, , Red Hat Linux 9/8/7.2/7.1/6.2,HP-UX, AIX 4.3x/5.1/5.2, Sun Solaris 8/9/10  Programming SQL,PL/SQL,MYSQL,C,C++,UNIX shell scripting, Perl, Korn, AWK-SED
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1413.html#462:::IT Analyst;Tech Support / Network Infrastructure Analyst;Lead Account Manager;Assistant Manager/Delivery Driver;Database Administrator;Medical Records Coordinator;Tech Support;Help Desk;Customer Service;Call Center;Active Directory:::IT Analyst IT Analyst IT Support Technician Fitchburg, MA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Analyst Nasoya Foods USA - Ayer, MA October 2018 to Present • Maintains all IT systems  • Recommends purchasing of new equipment and infrastructure to support business function  • Provides desktop support to end users Tech Support / Network Infrastructure Analyst Spencer Technologies - Northboro, MA April 2018 to Present • Configured networking software for retail clients.   • Provided technical support to business users, including troubleshooting desktop and networking hardware. Lead Account Manager Cydcor - Natick, MA August 2017 to February 2018 • Led And trained a team of 6 employees  • Provided Customer Service, via phone calls and in-person consultation. Assistant Manager/Delivery Driver Domino's Pizza - Springfield, MA August 2013 to July 2017 • Provided Customer Service  • Ran shifts, including management of co-workers Database Administrator A Duie Pyle - Devens, MA January 2016 to January 2017 • Maintained product records in proprietary database  • Entered warehouse inventory information into SAP database  • Ensured data accuracy from inbound and outbound deliveries  • Provided desktop and hardware support for co-workers Medical Records Coordinator Regional Home Care - Leominster, MA August 2014 to December 2015 Education Master's in Information Technology Southern New Hampshire University - Manchester, NH July 2018 to July 2019 Bachelor of Science in Information Technology Southern New Hampshire University - Manchester, NH June 2017 to July 2018 Associate of Science in Information Technology Southern New Hampshire University - Manchester, NH June 2014 to June 2017 Skills Tech Support, Help Desk, Customer Service, Call Center, Active Directory
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1414.html#463:::Sr. Database Administrator;Business Intelligence Analyst (Contract);Data Analyst;Data Analyst Lead (Contract);ETL Developer (Contract);Production Analyst;Microsoft sql server;Sql server;Oracle;Pl/sql;Sql;Informatica;Power bi;Sharepoint;Ssrs;Pentaho;Spotfire;Tableau;Jenkins;Python;Ruby;Visio;Visual basic;Kronos;Citrix;Spss;Visual Studio:::Sr. Database Administrator Sr. <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Sr. Database Administrator - Midfirst Bank Edmond, OK Work Experience Sr. Database Administrator Midfirst Bank - Oklahoma City, OK June 2019 to Present Develop and sustain the SQL Server Warehouse, ensuring its operational readiness (security, health and performance), executing data loads and performing data modeling in support of Corporate Technology.  • Create, automate, and/or increase the efficiency of existing solutions through data consolidation and data analysis, as well as support the generation of ad-hoc queries and data analysis  • Optimize database schemas, queries and reports  • Implement complex business logic requirements  • Profile data using Microsoft Visual Studio and Data Profile Viewer  • Database monitoring and troubleshooting  • Maintain and operate SQL Server development and production environments  • Provide end-to-end technical support and problem resolution  • Perform scheduled maintenance and support release deployment activities after hours Business Intelligence Analyst (Contract) Tapstone Energy - Oklahoma City, OK June 2018 to June 2019 Implement and develop practical business solutions by manipulating large data sets, creating database tables, views, stored procedures, Information Links (Spotfire) and decision models for Drilling, Completions,  Accounting and Land departments.  • Created, automated, and/or increased the efficiency of existing reports through data consolidation  and data analysis, as well as supported the generation of ad-hoc queries and data analysis  • Worked with business team members and stakeholders to gather requirements to establish scope of Reporting and BI needs  • Made recommendations for improvements in reporting tools, techniques and processes, including  efforts to analyze, design and migrate (as appropriate) reports from SSRS  • Managed documentation on processes, solutions and technologies for solutions and related services  • Generated SQL code to extract, transform and load data from production data sources to data  repositories  • Maintained and developed ETL flow and functionality (SSIS and Pentaho)  • Created complex queries, tables, views, stored procedures, query optimization and indexes Data Analyst Sandridge Energy - Oklahoma City, OK February 2017 to June 2018 Solve technical and business problems using actionable information presented through dashboards and automated reports created using SQL, Spotfire, Excel and Report Builder/SSRS.  • Ensured the quality, consistency and integrity of data through quality assurance and data governance  • Managed the availability of data through the data warehouse environments, data marts and servers  from the backend to the outputs  • Collaborated with cross-functional teams in the collection and interpretation of user requirements  • Developed and implemented solutions that will meet business needs  • Contributed and assisted in the development, deployment and automation of critical reports  • Worked within an Agile environment to plan and deliver incremental Data Warehouse projects  • Assisted in the change management and control management processes Data Analyst Lead (Contract) Lexis Nexis - Oklahoma City, OK October 2016 to February 2017 Led the transformation of data formats and ensured the quality of the data changes and processes for the implementation of the company's data automation solution.  • Assisted in the development of the best technical practices of the data cleansing, data quality and other ETL related activities  • Directed analysts on processes, plans, data collection and analysis  • Wrote SQL queries and scripts to export, validate and analyze internal and external data  • Enforced data integrity standards  • Managed status and activity reports  • Participated in the planning and conducting of quality assurance activities  • Coordinated the build out of test automation and execution ETL Developer (Contract) Devon Energy - Oklahoma City, OK August 2014 to January 2016 Engineering and Data Management (EDM)  Implemented ETL development solutions for large data accuracy rules, to deliver business requirements using  an Agile (Scrum) SDLC methodology. Analyzed business requirements and functional specifications to provide the highest level of data quality standards across the organization, based on Star Schema model for the Enterprise Data Management group.  • Extracted and transformed data from multiple sources to load into Oracle  • Created complex mappings using Informatica Developer  • Executed scripts utilizing Oracle  • Performed quality assurance of outputs and solutions through Informatica, Oracle and SQL  • Maintained warehouse metadata, naming standards and reporting standards  • Tuned mappings, lookups and mapplets for optimum performance  • Liaised with business analysts, project managers and business partners  • Profiled data to determine quality strategies  • Led technical requirements gathering and documentation  • Trained team members on outlined workflow processes and strategies  • Provided daily client support of existing rules  • Performed annual audits of project documentation and QA solutions Production Analyst Chesapeake Energy - Oklahoma City, OK January 2012 to July 2014 Production Reporting  Implemented end-user needs and requirements to track water and waste activity during operational phases of a well, using the Point to Point application.  • Provided day to day support for vendors and field office administrators  • Collaborated with Accounting to align cost strategies for operation changes  • Coordinated upgrades and production deployments  • Held training for first time users and new process roll-outs for office and field personnel  • Created and maintained training and release documentation  • Tested system and feature functionality Education Master's in Business Intelligence FULL SAIL UNIVERSITY - Winter Park, FL February 2017 to March 2018 Bachelor's in Business Administration and Management Information Systems UNIVERSITY OF CENTRAL OKLAHOMA - Edmond, OK August 2004 to December 2010 Skills Microsoft sql server, Sql server, Oracle, Pl/sql, Sql, Informatica, Power bi, Sharepoint, Ssrs, Pentaho, Spotfire, Tableau, Jenkins, Python, Ruby, Visio, Visual basic, Kronos, Citrix, Spss, Visual Studio Additional Information Business Intelligence Masters graduate with well-versed experience managing, coordinating, analyzing, and  developing effective solutions. Proven track record of providing on-time delivery of high-quality services and  deliverables. Skilled at streamlining and improving processes and procedures to increase efficiency. Extensive  oil and gas industry, with the ability to translate skills and experience into other industries to achieve effective  decision making.    TECHNICAL SKILLS  Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle, Toad for Oracle, Toad for SQL, PL/SQL, Informatica Developer, ItelliJ,  Microsoft Office, Adobe Acrobat, Citrix, SharePoint, SCCM, Remote Desktop, Wellview, SiteView,  RigView, TOW, VuMax, Spotfire, SCADA, Kronos, Visio, Ruby, Visual Basic, SPSS, Python, Spotfire,  Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, R, SSRS, Pentaho, Jenkins
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1415.html#464:::Medical Assistant/Front Desk;Community Health Worker - Scheduler/ Database Administrator;Family Service Counselor / Accounts Receivables/Collections;Medical Professional Business Associate;Front Desk;Guest Service;Front Office;Reception;Customer Service:::Medical Assistant/Front Desk Medical Assistant/Front Desk Medical Office/reception Livonia, MI Experienced Front Desk Associate  Experienced Medical Office Associate/Travel Associate  Scheduler Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Medical Assistant/Front Desk Vascular Associates of Michigan October 2017 to March 2019 • Scheduling appointments and testing  • Reception front desk -check in/check out  • EMR scanning and chart preparation  • Travel receptionist and scheduler to multiple locations Community Health Worker - Scheduler/ Database Administrator LaJoy Group/Senior Alliance of Michigan September 2016 to February 2017 Federal Grant ended)  • Scheduler for Field team members  • Worked with seniors to set up appointments and review their needs  • Administrator for Athena medical database Family Service Counselor / Accounts Receivables/Collections Archdiocese of Detroit June 2013 to September 2016 • Guiding families through end of life decisions.  • Counseling them to ensure that they have a clear understanding to fulfill their needs  • Accounts Receivable manager using the pastoral approach in working with collections  • Data entry in Quickbooks - Contracts, Retirement data tracking, Escrow management Medical Professional Business Associate Trinity Health Systems - St Joseph and St. Mary Hospitals October 2009 to June 2013 October 2009-June2013  Westside Obstetrics and Genecology  Medical Professional Business Associate  • Front office associate, greets patients, appointment scheduling, scheduling testing  • Complete registration process, including charting, billing and coding  • General Medical office - creating charts/insurance follow ups  Patient Access Surgery Scheduler  • Scheduler for surgery and surgical services for 5 hospitals using multi-schedule system  • Provided highest customer service to doctor offices and staff  • Scheduled sleep studies, cancer treatments, diabetes education and other outpatient services  Outpatient Registration/Cancer Center  • Coordinated front desk activities including scheduling appointments, verifying insurance, creating new patient charts Education Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration in Business Administration Siena Heights University Associates Degree in Business and Medical Office in Business and Medical Office Schoolcraft College Gerontology Madonna University Skills Front Desk, Guest Service, Front Office, Reception, Customer Service
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1416.html#465:::Audio Engineer;Cybersecurity and Database Administrator;Audio Engineer;IT Technician;Volunteer A/V Specialist;Media Services Coordinator;Production Manager:::Audio Engineer Audio Engineer Roseville, CA Highly motivated Business Administration major from William Jessup University with advanced computer,  live production, and business administration skills who is eager to deliver the highest possible quality of  service to the end consumer. Work Experience Audio Engineer Mr. Soundman - California May 2018 to Present Front of House/Monitor Audio Engineer and Team Manager for concert productions. Includes setup and mixing live  sound using various consoles, planning of concert events including budgeting, and stage design. Cybersecurity and Database Administrator Runway Boutique, Inc - El Dorado Hills, CA January 2018 to Present SQL Database Administration, malware protection, and ransomware recovery services. Management of remote POS  terminal connections through RDP and VPN protocols. Audio Engineer William Jessup University - Rocklin, CA January 2016 to Present Live Audio Engineer for chapel services, concerts, and other special events. IT Technician January 2011 to Present On-call maintenance and repair of local area networks, workstations, and malware prevention. Volunteer A/V Specialist The Life Center Church - Orangevale, CA March 2018 to December 2018 Volunteer media production for weekly Sunday church services, including management of lighting and audio  production. Includes programming of DMX lighting and Dante audio interfaces. Media Services Coordinator Valley View Church - Lincoln, CA August 2016 to April 2017 Coordinated A/V media production including audio services and system design for weekly chuch services. Production Manager NGTV Productions - Chico, CA January 2014 to January 2015 Production management of educational start-up to producing animated educational films. Handling finances, employee relations and business plan formation. Education Business Administration Cal State University Chico - Chico, CA January 2016 to May 2019 Business Administration William Jessup University - Rocklin, CA 2019 Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/nicholas-bernardoni
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1417.html#466:::Bilingual Receptionist;Data Operator II;Data Entry Specialist;Data Entry Operator II;Data Entry Clerk;Data Clerk;Data Entry Specialist;General Clerk;Administrative Intern Health Link (Internship);Administrative Assistant (Temporary Position);Database Administrator;Database Administrator;MS Office Suite (Word, PowerPoint, Ms advance Excel, Access), Visio , Keyboarding (65WPM), Records Management (ARMA Filing), 10 –key Calculator (200KSPM), Data modeling tools (Erwin,BPwin) SQL, Photoshop and Corel Draw, Paeachtree Accounting Software, Pyton 2.7, Sales force, Team Approach, Stuart Data Warehouse (5 years);Typing (5 years);Excel (5 years);Data-Entry (5 years);Business Analysis (5 years):::Bilingual Receptionist Bilingual Receptionist Fairfax, VA DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR    • Extensive training and over 5 years of experience in the development and integration for data based programs, Analytical information database, and Custom development to include integration, testing, and deployment through coding suppression methods.   Well versed in a wide variety of office communications and information management activities including staff support, and administrative communications.  Outstanding communication skills; effective at all organizational levels. Core competencies include:  Spanish fluent   • Coordinates Work Flows   • Superb Presentation Skills   • Process Optimization   • Total Customer Focus   • Sets Performance Standards   • Accurate Reports/Records   • Team Player/Team Leader   • Excellent People Skills Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Bilingual Receptionist AHC Inc - Virginia March 2019 to Present Answer the phone for residents  Update data base for request maintaining   Work in Microsoft’s Excel create different spreadsheets for reports   Create work order for diferents problems Data Operator II GDIT / CSRA - Arlington, VA September 2018 to March 2019 ?Serve as the first point of contact for disaster relief survivors, delivering excellent customer service.   ?Answer inbound phone calls, identify and resolve caller needs, and provide information.   Providing excellent problem-solving, listening, communication, and customer service skills Data Entry Specialist Wilson Technologies DOL Department of Labor - Washington, DC May 2018 to September 2018 Data entry   Attend to details   Scanning High volumen  Import to ScanSnap to Paperflow   Export pdf   Indexing documents   Control and improved image quality   Work with spreadsheets in Excel Data Entry Operator II CSRA Inc - Fema - Falls Church, VA September 2017 to April 2018 Serve as the first point of contact for disaster relief survivors, delivering excellent customer service.   Answer inbound phone calls, identify and resolve caller needs, and provide information.   Providing excellent problem-solving, listening, communication, and customer service skills. Data Entry Clerk Root & Stem - Fairfax, VA January 2017 to September 2017 Data Clerk Vistronix, Inc. - Reston, VA September 2016 to December 2016 •Indexing digital documents  •Performing quality assurance and review images  •Handling time-sensitive process and sensitive material  •Maintaining the highest levels of customer care while demonstrating a friendly and cooperative attitude  •Demonstrating flexibility in satisfying customer demands in a high volume, production environment  •Taking direction from supervisor Data Entry Specialist American Red Cross, Washington - Washington, DC May 2015 to September 2015 • Responsible for the development and integration for data based programs such as Sales force, Team Approach, and Stuart Data Warehouse.   • Analyst information for each database including custom development, integration, testing, and deployment through coding suppression methods.   • Used Microsoft Excel for reports about donor correction within each database, information analysis of donor contact information, and linking of gifts and donations.  • Contacted Relationship Managers to confirm and complete merging of duplicate accounts and donor specific statistical research.   • Responsible for performing data entry tasks such as creating new donor profiles and correcting data within preexisting account levels to correct system irregularities. General Clerk NCI - Renegade Technology System Inc - Reston, VA April 2014 to November 2014 • Managed database for scanning documents  • Set-up numeric and alpha files  • Records Management   • Processing both digital and paper information  • Organized scanned documents on various local, network and cloud storage devices Administrative Intern Health Link (Internship) Northern Virginia Family Services - Manassas, VA January 2014 to February 2014 • Managed database for Dental Health Program   • Set-up numeric and alpha files  • Photocopied loan appraisals for filing  • Created process to organize new clients Administrative Assistant (Temporary Position) Accfitax Accounting - Fairfax, VA August 2008 to November 2008 • Managed large financial database  • Updated client data periodically  • Backed-up systems data for multiple programs each week   • Provided internal help desk for other employees   • Used and provided troubleshooting for accounting software such as Peachtree Database Administrator SME Monitor S.A. Consulting - Lima March 2007 to July 2007 • Administrated databases and data warehouse  • Loaded new data into data warehouse periodically  • Used SQL to maintain database tables   • Implemented various custom systems  • Repaired computers and provided internal IT support Database Administrator Universidad National Federico Villarreal - Lima, Lima March 2006 to March 2007 • Recorded entry of students’ grades  • Managed database for university  • Created report cards for each student  • Managed website to track students’ records Education Career Studies Certificate in Business Information Technology Northern Virginia Community College - Tysons Corner, VA 2013 to 2014 Bachelor's in Systems Engineer University National Federico Villarreal - Lima, Lima English as Second Language Northern Virginia Community College - Sterling, VA Skills MS Office Suite (Word, PowerPoint, Ms advance Excel, Access), Visio , Keyboarding (65WPM), Records Management (ARMA Filing), 10 –key Calculator (200KSPM), Data modeling tools (Erwin,BPwin) SQL, Photoshop and Corel Draw, Paeachtree Accounting Software, Pyton 2.7, Sales force, Team Approach, Stuart Data Warehouse (5 years), Typing (5 years), Excel (5 years), Data-Entry (5 years), Business Analysis (5 years)
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1418.html#467:::Database Administrator/Analyst;Applications Engineer;SSRS Developer;Database Developer;SSRS/SSIS Report Developer;SQL Server Developer;MS SQL Server Developer;: MS SQL Server 2000/2005/2008/2008r2 (9 years);2016 MS access, Hadoop (9 years);: C#.Net, VB.Net, SQL, T-SQL, PL/SQL, HTML, XML (9 years);SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), DTS (9 years);Windows Server 2000/2003/2008, Windows XP/Vista (9 years);SQL Server Management Studio (9 years);Enterprise Manager, Query Analyzer (9 years);Profiler, Export & Import (DTS) (9 years);Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS) (9 years);DTS Packages, Server Reporting Services (SSRS), (9 years);SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) ASP.NET (9 years);Internet Information Server (IIS 5.0/6.0) (9 years);Microsoft Office 2003/2007, TFS 2008, Visual Studio (9 years);SQL (9 years);SQL Server (9 years):::Database Administrator/Analyst <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span>/Analyst Database Administrator/Analyst - Berkley Medical Management Solutions Overland Park, KS Having 9+ years of IT experience in Analysis, Database Design, Development, Implementation, Debugging and Testing of software applications.  • Excellent T-SQL development skills to write complex queries involving multiple tables, great ability to develop SQL Objects and maintain Stored Procedures and User defined functions  • Expertise in building script using T-SQL (DDL and DML)  • Experience in debugging and optimizing Views, Functions, T- SQL queries, stored procedures and triggers  • Expert in developing Data Definition Language (DDL) and Data Manipulation Language (DML)  • Experience in Performance Tuning, Query Optimization, Client/Server Connectivity  • Created sub queries, Created Clustered and Non-Clustered indexes on Tables  • Good knowledge of normalization/de-normalization of database tables and building referential integrity for the Relational Database Management System (RDBMS)  • Experience in creating packages, Jobs, Sending Alerts using SQL Mail  • Experience involved in using tools like SQL profiler for Monitoring and Tuning MS SQL Server  • Experienced in Performance Tuning, Query Optimization, Client/Server Connectivity, and Database Consistency Checks using DBCC Utilities  • Successfully implemented Log Shipping Technique to maintain a standby server backup for Disaster Recovery  • Experience in using SSIS for data extraction, transformation and loading  • Good understanding of developing Star Schema, Snow flake Schema and Dimensional Data modeling using MS SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) on a Data Warehouse  • Create/Edit/Maintain ETL processes utilizing Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) from a diversity of data sources including other servers, flat files, MS Access and Excel  • Experience in enhancing and deploying the SSIS Packages from development server to production server  • Hand-on working experience in creating SQL Server Reports using SSRS  • Hands-on working experience in Installing, configuring, upgrading and managing SQL Server 2008/2005/2000 and required Service Packs  • Experience in supporting production Databases, monitoring, troubleshooting and documenting root cause analysis  • Experienced in handling Service Level Agreements (SLA's) as well as Operational Level Agreements (OLA's)  • A well-organized, goal-oriented, highly motivated effective team member with excellent troubleshooting, and problem-solving skills  • Excellent communication skills, analytical skills, understand business requirements in various domains  • Worked with Big Data and used HDFS was data storage purposes. While working as a Report Developer, used Hadoop extensively as a data source. Though most of data manipulation work was done with MS SQL Server or PostgreSQL, I did have to work with Big Data as the ultimate data source.  • Strong knowledge of how the Hadoop stack works in hand for ETL processes. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Administrator/Analyst Berkley Medical Management Solutions - Overland Park, KS April 2018 to Present Berkley Medical Management Solutions provides a different kind of managed-care service for Berkley. Too often, vended managed-care services focus on billable services instead of getting injured or ill employees back to work quickly with the best possible outcomes. We started by reimagining the relationship between medical need and technology as a way to deliver the best outcomes. The goal was clear: combine solid clinical practices, proven return-to-work strategies and robust software into one system for seamless management of workers' compensation cases.    Responsibilities:  • Table creation with Keys, Clustered and Non-Clustered Indexes on tables, views, and columns.  • Responsible for Stored Procedures optimization, Performance tuning & index tuning.  • Provided problem solving techniques for performance issues and data fine tuning.  • Reviewed stored procedures developed by the developers and given recommendations for the code modifications for production.  • Worked with Team Foundation Server for source control and code repository. Used TFS projects to push code across, Development, Test, Stage and Production environments.  • Automated process using SSIS jobs and SQL Agent Jobs.  • Data manipulation through conversion, calculation, aggregation, etc.  • Wrote data to flat files, database tables, XML & other destinations.  • Scripted using T-SQL for DML operations, used temp tables.  • Created & modified tables and table indexes.  • Required to communicate effectively to clarify/define requirements to developers and business.    Environment: SQL Server 2016, SQL Server Reporting Service, SQL Server Management Studio 2016, Visual Studio 2015, Team Foundation Server, DBA support responsibilities, Production environment support. Applications Engineer KGPCo - Gardner, KS February 2017 to February 2018 KGPCo is the country's largest communications product distribution and service solution provider in the telecommunications industry. A Tier 1 woman-owned diversity business, KGPCo is the only large-scale organization that combines a comprehensive suite of communication network management, engineering, and implementation services with a national logistics network and portfolio of manufacturer partnerships    Responsibilities:  • Created & modified SSRS reports including parameters, table, matrix, charts, SQL expressions in the reports.  • Created & modified SSIS packages for ETL processes to reading data from flat files, database tables, XML & other sources.  • Configured and deployed SSIS Packages across development to test and production environments.  • Automated process using SSIS jobs and SQL Agent Jobs.  • Data manipulation through conversion, calculation, aggregation, etc.  • Wrote data to flat files, database tables, XML & other destinations.  • Scripted using T-SQL for DML operations, used temp tables.  • Created & modified tables and table indexes.  • Required to communicate effectively to clarify/define requirements to developers and business.  • Used Atlassian product JIRA to receive requests and view issues with reports, packages or business rules.  • Worked with a team of application developers and business analysts to document processes and procedures.  • Required to work through the life cycle of a request from beginning to end without direct supervision.    Environment: MS SQL Server, Oracle, SQL Server Reporting Services, SQL Server Integration Services (SSRS/SSIS) 2008 R2, MS Excel, JIRA, High availability environment, DBA support responsibilities. SSRS Developer Waddell and Reed - Shawnee Mission, KS April 2016 to December 2016 Waddell & Reed Financial, Inc. is an American asset management and financial planning company founded in 1937. It operates asset management and distribution subsidiaries, including Ivy Investment Management Company and Waddell & Reed Investment Management Company.    Responsibilities:  • Provided problem solving techniques for performance issues and data fine tuning.  • Worked with HP Application Lifecycle Management (HP ALM) for issues with existing reports and task allocation.  • Focused on modifying existing reports for changes in business rules.  • Worked closely with Business team and end users to translate reporting requirements into feasible end products.  • Worked with PostgreSQL DMBS as a data source for reporting purposes.  • Used SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) for all reporting purposes, creation of new and modification of existing reports.  • Worked with Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS) for data storage purposes.    Environment: SQL Server Reporting Service (SSRS), PostgreSQL, Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS), HP Application Lifecycle Management (HP ALM), MS Excel Database Developer USDA, Risk Management Agency - Kansas City, MO January 2015 to February 2016 Risk Management Agency is within the U.S. Department of Agriculture and provides risk and insurance coverages dealing with both insurance providers and the final end users. It maintains several internal and external applications.    Responsibilities:  • Table creation with Keys, Clustered and Non-Clustered Indexes on tables, views, and columns.  • Responsible for Stored Procedures optimization, Performance tuning & index tuning.  • Provided problem solving techniques for performance issues and data fine tuning.  • Reviewed stored procedures developed by the developers and given recommendations for the code modifications for production.  • Worked with Team Foundation Server for source control, working with CRs (change requests) and DRs (Deployment Requests).  • Worked with the largest DB maintained for the agency.  • Made changes and fixes that affect both databases and applications (both internal and external).  • Participated in Daily Scrum meetings for general updates and bi-weekly scrum meetings for a specific new project.  • Creation of required data structures, stored procedures and SQL Agent Jobs for new projects  • Attended mandatory government procedures and safety standards training for IT division  • Worked on POCs (Proof Of Concepts) for Data Virtualization with DENODO and CISCO.  • Worked in the Operations and Maintenance team on quick fixes.    Environment: SQL Server 2012, SQL Server Reporting Service, SQL Server Integration Services, SQL Server Management Studio, Visual Studio 2013, TFS, MS Excel, DENODO Data Virtualization software, CISCO CIS software, DBA support responsibilities, Production environment support, on High availability. SSRS/SSIS Report Developer Pfizer Pharmaceutical - Exton, PA February 2013 to January 2015 Pfizer is the world's largest research-based biomedical and pharmaceutical company. Pfizer also continues to be one of the world's largest animal health businesses. They're focused on disease prevention: animal vaccines and animal prescription medicines. The Project aim was to evaluate database objects and to maintain the database.    Responsibilities:  • Worked in creating Stored Procedures, Triggers, Functions, Indexes, Tables, Views for applications  • Extensive knowledge on Joins and sub-Queries to simplify complex queries involving multiple tables and also optimized the procedures and triggers to be used in production  • Developed complex T-SQL code for the application  • Transferred data from various data sources/business systems including MS Excel, MS Access, Flat Files etc. to SQL Server using SSIS Packages and using various features like Excel source, Flat file source, transformation etc. Created derived columns from the present columns for the given requirements  • Analyzed the Data quality, Data validating, Data mapping to migrate data to SQL server SQL Server Developer Department of Health and Human Resource - Lewisburg, WV January 2012 to January 2013 Environment: SQL Server 2008R2/2008, SQL Server Reporting Service, SQL Server Integration Services, SQL Server Management Studio, Visual Studio 2010, TFS, Enterprise Manager, MS Excel, Win 2k7 32/64, Win 2k8 32/64    Department of Health and Human Resource, Lewisburg, WV Jan '12 - Jan '13  Role: SQL Server Developer    Responsibilities:  • Experience in writing T-SQL scripts, dynamic SQL, complex stored procedures, functions, triggers, SQLCMD, and SMO  • Configured data partitioning/table partitioning on large tables containing millions of rows in Data ware house databases for better performance and performed Data Compression on large tables to reduce the Database size  • Setting up and monitored Disaster recovery environments like Database mirroring with in the primary Data center servers and Log Shipping between primary and secondary Data center servers including Mirroring conjunction with Log Shipping  • Configured and deployed SSIS Packages from Development to Production Environments  • Created, deployed and managed reports using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)  • Automated manual processes by creating SQL scripts, tables, indexes, views, and constraints  • Monitoring of database size, disk space in all (Production, Model & Development) the environments  • Set priorities on tasks that are available on my plate and perform as per their priority  • Involved in testing, bug fixing and documentation for the project  • Trouble shoot any application, network and security related problems, investigate and report my finding with possible solution and/or recommendation  • Discuss issues with program managers, developers and test leads so that we can come up with the solution    Environment: SQL Server 2012/2008R2/2008, SQL Server Reporting Service, SQL Server Integration Services, SQL Server Management Studio, Visual Studio 2010, TFS, Win 2k8 64 Bit Win 2k3, Win Server 2008 R2 MS SQL Server Developer Idea Solutions - IN October 2009 to December 2011 Responsibilities:  • Created Clustered and Non Clustered Indexes on tables, views, and columns  • Responsible for Stored Procedures optimization, Performance tuning & index tuning.  • Reviewed stored procedures developed by the developers and given recommendations for the code modifications for production  • Performed the task of taking the backups and scheduling it according to the environment and recovery.  • Expert in Configuring, Managing and optimizing transactional replication  • Implemented, monitored and configured Database mirroring  • Configured and deployed SSIS Packages from Test to Production Environments.  • Created, deployed and managed reports using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)  • Developed and deployed OLAP cubes for reporting purpose using SSAS.  • Deployed database objects from development/testing environment to production environment.  • Configured IIS and Report server using Reporting services configuration.  • Monitoring the system bottlenecks - CPU, RAM, Disk IO and Networking using performance counters  • Used SQL profiler, Query analyzer System monitor, event log viewer,  • Monitor and tune the performance of SQL server and scheduled jobs, created alerts, notifications with SQL agent  • Worked with Application Developers and Business Analysts to produce all required documentation  • Experience in Importing/migrating data from different data sources using SQL server integration services (SSIS)  • Experience developed and generating reports using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)    Languages/Technologies/Tools: C#.Net, ASPOSE Cells, SQL Server 2005, SQL Server Reporting Service, SQL Server Integration Services, SQL Server Management Studio, Windows NT/ Windows 95 Education Bachelor's Skills : MS SQL Server 2000/2005/2008/2008r2 (9 years), 2016 MS access, Hadoop (9 years), : C#.Net, VB.Net, SQL, T-SQL, PL/SQL, HTML, XML (9 years), SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), DTS (9 years), Windows Server 2000/2003/2008, Windows XP/Vista (9 years), SQL Server Management Studio (9 years), Enterprise Manager, Query Analyzer (9 years), Profiler, Export & Import (DTS) (9 years), Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS) (9 years), DTS Packages, Server Reporting Services (SSRS), (9 years), SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) ASP.NET (9 years), Internet Information Server (IIS 5.0/6.0) (9 years), Microsoft Office 2003/2007, TFS 2008, Visual Studio (9 years), SQL (9 years), SQL Server (9 years) Additional Information Technical Skills:  Databases: MS SQL Server 2000/2005/2008/2008r2, 2012, 2016 MS access, Hadoop  Languages: C#.Net, VB.Net, SQL, T-SQL, PL/SQL, HTML, XML  Integration Services: SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), DTS  Operating Systems: Windows Server 2000/2003/2008, Windows XP/Vista  SQL Server Tools: SQL Server Management Studio, Enterprise Manager, Query Analyzer, Profiler, Export & Import (DTS)  Business Intelligence Tools: Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS), DTS Packages,  Server Reporting Services (SSRS), SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS)  Web Technologies: ASP.NET  Internet Tools: Internet Information Server (IIS 5.0/6.0)  Other Tools: Microsoft Office 2003/2007, TFS 2008, Visual Studio
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1419.html#468:::Database Administrator, BIM Director, Sysadmin;Theatre Consultant;Construction Painter;IT Technician (Field / Remote);President / Artistic Director / Executive Producer;Html;Python;Java;Nosql;Networking;Technical support;Vectorworks;Pr;Problem solving;Acrobat;Microsoft office;DBA;DBA:::Database Administrator, BIM Director, Sysadmin <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span>, BIM Director, Sysadmin Database Administrator, BIM Director, Sysadmin - Engineering Firm Work Experience Database Administrator, BIM Director, Sysadmin CALM Energy - Engineering Firm May 2017 to Present Create workflow automations with Python environment in Vectorworks 2019:: Design and deploy control/monitoring systems and network  infrastructures in commercial buildings:: Create technical documentation including cabling plans, detailed process documentation, and instructional guides:: Work closely with Engineers, Developers, Designers, and Consultants:: Manage inventories:: Model buildings and  systems (3D) Vectorworks 2019:: Manage software projects from design to completion with Agile methodologies:: Manage IFC and COBie  compliance initiatives in BIM modeling:: Design ontologies for use with GraphDB / OWL2-RL:: Write SPARQL queries for developers and data analytics:: Conduct research on emerging technologies for potential implementation:: Hold teams to development and production  timelines Theatre Consultant May 2010 to Present Technical Director, Lighting/Sound/Projection Design, Production/Stage Management Construction Painter PNP Craftsmen January 2017 to May 2017 IT Technician (Field / Remote) Connetrix - Plainview, NY June 2011 to June 2016 Full-Time; Part-Time during SBU semesters]  Support clients remotely, telephonically, and on-site:: Serve home and small to medium business users:: Build custom computer systems::  Run cables:: Install cameras and remote DVR systems:: Configure and maintain servers:: Recover data:: Possess a working knowledge  and understanding of IP Telephony, Network Engineering, DD-WRT, Cacti, PHP, MySQL, Java, and HTML:: Perform office maintenance President / Artistic Director / Executive Producer Pocket Theatre September 2012 to September 2015 Curate and develop new work:: Secure grants for programming:: [Increased annual funding by $10,000 (1000%) since assuming the presidency]:: [Raised $14,000 for programming in the 2014 - 2015 season]:: Secure licenses and performance spaces:: Coordinate  equipment rentals:: Plan and run general body meetings:: Audit rehearsals and productions:: Contract musical directors, catering, and event staff:: Draft budget proposals:: Organize trips to see off-campus performances:: Adhere to university policy regarding safety and  conduct:: Supervise tech:: Conduct production meetings:: Liaison between performance teams, university staff, and theatre arts  department:: Organize and train house management staff:: Budget and allocate funds to projects:: Respond to high volume of emails::  Schedule and lead meetings with building managers and staff:: Build schedules and maintain numerous production calendars:: Manage  property and equipment inventories:: Build the theatrical learning community through networking and programming Education BA in Theatre State University of New York at Stony Brook - Stony Brook, NY May 2016 Eagle Scout in Class of 2011 BSA Troop 604 - Bethpage, NY September 2004 to July 2011 Skills Html, Python, Java, Nosql, Networking, Technical support, Vectorworks, Pr, Problem solving, Acrobat, Microsoft office, DBA, DBA Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information Key Skills  Communication - Deals with customers and team members at all levels. Technical support / communications. Slack power-user.  Organization, Planning, and Management - Efficiently balances work, team responsibilities, and ad-hoc duties in a professional  manner. Oversees projects from inception to completion. Leads post-project discussion to improve the overall process.  Networking - Forges professional relationships through superior communication with artists, engineers, techs, and administrators.  Technology - Efficiently researches, designs, plans, and implements technological solutions.:: Vectorworks, Java, GraphDB, SPARQL, Python, HTML, NoSQL, Google Apps, Microsoft Office, Adobe CC Ps/Pr/Id/Dw/Au/Acrobat::  Problem Solving - Identifies problems and thinks critically to quickly dispense reliable solutions using communication, organization,  planning, management, networking, and technological skills.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\142.html#469:::Database Administrator;SAP Database Administrator;Jr. DBA;SQL (6 years);SAP (3 years);Google Adwords (2 years);Google Analytics (2 years);HTML 5 (3 years);CSS3 (3 years);Javascript (2 years);MS Excel (8 years);DBA (6 years);ETL;PL SQL;Tableau;Sql Dba;Oracle Dba;Sql Server;MYSQL;DB2:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Analyst - Fit-Wel Custom Clothes, LA, CA Los Angeles, CA * Over 5 years of IT experience in Database Design, Data Modeling, Development, Migration,  Implementation, Administration using SQL Server  * Strong experience in Stored Procedure, User Defined Function, TSQL coding, Performance Tuning  and Query Optimization, Triggers, Tables, Views, Indexes, User Profiles, Relational Database models,  Data integrity, query writing and SQL joins  * Worked on SAP ERP implementations, administration. SAP Work load analysis, database backups & restore, SAP transports, Disaster and Recovery, creating jobs using Redwood CPS and Tidal job scheduler.  Dump Analysis, Kernel Upgrades, patch updates, applying SAP NOTES, User administration, User Roles  & Authorizations, creating secure connections with SAP satellite servers  * Experienced in S.E.O (Search Engine Optimization), Google Analytics and Google Adwords, to Advertise  and Market Websites, and increase the web traffic and leads  * Experience with SQL Server AlwaysOn Availability Groups, replication, log shipping, and mirroring.  * Configure encryption, Configure data access and permissions and auditing.  * Manage backup and restore of databases, Manage database integrity, Monitor database activity, Monitor  queries, Manage indexes, Manage statistics.  * Monitor SQL Server Instances, Manage high availability and disaster recovery.  * Expertise in Creating, Configuring and Fine-tuning ETL workflows designed using SSIS  * Performing Workload Analysis, Performance tuning, backups, refreshes, upgrades, patches,  migrations and Disaster and Recovery  * Data Conversion, Normalization and Data Modeling, Multi-Dimensional Modeling and creation of Fact  Tables, Dimension Tables, Star Schema and Snowflake dimensional schema using Erwin Tool, Creating sub  reports and defining query for generating drill down reports using MS SQLServer Reporting Services  (SSRS)  * Developing and Extending MS SQL Server Analysis Services 2008 (SSAS) Cubes, Data Mining Models,  Deploying and Processing SSAS objects  * Developing and Implementing Disaster Recovery Model, and Replication Models  * Experience with MS SQL Profiler, Database Tuning Wizard, Windows Performance for monitoring and  tuning SQL Server performance Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Administrator Fit-Wel Custom Clothes, LA, CA October 2016 to Present Responsibilities:    * Perform general DBA tasks such as install, configure, perform migrations, backup/restore and implement  database designs  * Gathered business requirements, definition and design of the data source and data flows, data quality  analysis  * Monitor and maintain daily ETL jobs and batch processes  * Writing SQL stored procedures to extract data from multiple data sources.  * Designed SSIS Packages to transfer data from various sources such as Text Files, XML Files, SQLServer,  Excel and Access to SQL Data Tools  * Collaborating for projects with the Design team and UI team for increasing the web presence and traffic,  using Google Adwords. Google Analytics and S.E.O. Creating landing pages using HTML, CSS,  Javascript, bootstrap, PHP and MySQL  * Optimized queries using Database Engine Tuning Advisor and SQL Profiler  * Worked with different control flow items like Execute Package, Execute SQL, Send mail and Bulk Insert  tasks. Created layout wizard and data block wizard in oracle forms  * Monitored database performance using Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM)  * Created and managed database maintenance, backup and disaster recovery plans  * Analyzed, designed and developed oracle forms 11g queries, layout, report triggers, parameter form, data  models etc  * Worked on CDC (Change Data Capture), Captured the inserted, updated and deleted data into SQLserver  tables by using CDC  * Writing T-SQL programming, Complex SQL queries to implement Stored Procedures and Functions for different tasks and created Triggers to enforce data and referential integrity  * Monitoring and tuning the database to provide a high availability service and workload analysis  * Scheduled reports for daily, weekly, monthly reports for executives, Business analyst and representatives for various business needs using Subscription in SQL Server Reporting services (SSRS)  Technologies: MS SQL Server 2014/2016, T-SQL, SSIS, SSRS, Tableau 9, Oracle 11g, ODBC, Microsoft Excel SAP Database Administrator Caterpillar - Morton, IL January 2014 to December 2015 Responsibilities:  * Implement SAP core patches, Ensure high availability of SAP systems and databases, Analyze and troubleshoot lockouts, work process and job terminations or other issues, Administer transport  management and SAP basis standard jobs, Spool management, Perform system integrations and migrations, perform Kernel Upgrades, apply SAP NOTES, patches, hot fixes  * Designed SSIS packages to Extract data from different sources like SQL server 2012, MS Excel, MS  Access, DB2 and transform and then load into Dimension and Fact tables in Data Warehouse using SSIS.  * Developed database schemas (Tables, Views, Store Procedures, Functions)  * Performed backups, restores, recovery models, database shrink operations, DBCC commands, Clustering,  Database mirroring, Replication.  * Database migration from various legacy system to SQL server  * Maintain the integrity, security and availability of multiple databases  * Performed disaster recovery, performance analysis and tuning, index maintenance, and monitoring of data  * Created SSIS packages to load data into Data Warehouse and created SSIS packages to extract data from multiple data sources, such as Excel, CSV, XML, Oracle and FTP  * Deploy packages, projects and reports utilizing tools such as SSIS (SQL Server Integration Services),  SSAS (SQL Server Analysis Services), and SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services)  * Worked on SQL Profiler to view indexes performance to mostly eliminate table scan  * Provided design, implementation and maintenance for custom reports using different techniques like data  filtering, adding interactivity, deploying reports to report server using SSRS  Technologies: MS SQL Server 2012/2008 R2, SSIS, SSRS, Win 2003 Advanced Server, Erwin v7.2, Oracle 11g,  SAP ECC 5.0 Jr. DBA SoftHQ - San Diego, CA May 2013 to December 2013 Responsibilities:  * Worked with project lead and business users to understand business processes, gather and document  project requirements and translate them into functional and non-functional specifications for BI reports and applications  * Experience with High Availability (HA) and Disaster Recovery (DR) options for SQL Server  * Used ETL to implement the SCD transformation, to maintain historical data in data warehouse. Applied  various data transformations like Data Conversion, Multicasting, Conditional Split, Derived column in  SSIS  * Developed and deployed data transfers packages using SSIS 2012/2008, also maintained the jobs running on Servers  * Developed and maintained Oracle Forms and Reports for various applications using SQL*Plus and PL/  SQL. Developed oracle forms 11g database triggers, cursors and stored procedures  Technologies: MS SQL Server 2012/2008 R2, T-SQL, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, Win 2003 Advanced Server, Erwin v7.2    Work Status: H1B Education Master of Science in Engineering Management Syracuse University Skills SQL (6 years), SAP (3 years), Google Adwords (2 years), Google Analytics (2 years), HTML 5 (3 years), CSS3 (3 years), Javascript (2 years), MS Excel (8 years), DBA (6 years), ETL, PL SQL, Tableau, Sql Dba, Oracle Dba, Sql Server, MYSQL, DB2 Certifications/Licenses Splunk 6.x Present IBM Blockchain fro developers Present
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1420.html#470:::Materials Planner;Visionaire Database Coordinator II;Materials Buyer/Planner;Planning Order Administrator;PROBLEM SOLVING;DATA ENTRY;TYPING;PAYING;ARTICULATE;TRAINING;Shipping;Management;Logistics;Excel;Inventory:::Materials Planner Materials Planner Materials Planner Southaven, MS Extensive clerical experience with emphasis in leadership, administration, planning and  management reporting Work Experience Materials Planner Smith & Nephew - Memphis, TN July 2016 to April 2019 Remotely/On site)  • Coordinates and expedites the flow of work and materials to meet production  schedules  • Ensure daily production requirements are achieved to meet the customer expectation  • Creates production orders and prioritize job orders for production optimization  • Follow-up as required with all necessary teams to expedite flow of material and documents to meet production schedule and other reports.  • Complete status reports for production progress, work in process, and raw material  inventory.  • Interacts with shop floor team members on a daily basis to resolve issues regarding manufacturing efficiencies or additional information from Manufacturing, Customer  service, and accounting.  • Solve production issues.  • Maintains data discrepancy log.  • Uphold operations by following policies and procedures.  • Ensure order priority to meet surgery date.  • Serve as customer interface for demand shipment information.  • Responsible for creating deliveries in SAP, and production orders for sales orders.  • Monitor quality of material, service, and delivery issues, and take corrective actions as needed.  • Contribute to department and company goals.  • Ensure processes are consistent with quality objectives. Visionaire Database Coordinator II Smith & Nephew - Memphis, TN December 2013 to July 2016 Primarily responsible for overall accuracy and integrity of the marketing and FDA  regulated study databases, regulatory product registration database and case report  files.  • Maintains filing system for marketing and FDA regulated studies by creating, reviewing and preparing confidential patient case records and booklets for reference  and storage.  • Create clinical study case report forms using appropriate software.  • Enters data with high level of accuracy. Create new files in database when required.  • Processes new and current patient case documents by auditing and reviewing data for discrepancies, consistency of data and compliance with FDA requirements.  • Resolves discrepancies by contacting clinical study sites to address and resolve.    • Prepares source data for entry by completing and sorting information.  • Establish entry priority.  • Audits data for deficiencies and assign numbers for new products.  • Performs periodic verification to assure product registration database is updated  correctly.  • File Regulatory materials relating to the Product Registration information.  • Generates highly confidential monthly clinical project summary progress reports and patient follow-up schedule lists and letters.  • Maintains data discrepancy log.  • Assists supervisor and/or organizational unit in meeting goals and objectives.  • Develops objectives, priorities, and deadlines; plans and carries out assignment  handling problems and deviations.  • Uphold operations by following policies and procedures; recommending changes to improve efficiency.  • Communicates routinely with clinical research personnel to assure discrepancies in the database and patient case reports.  • Maintain order priority to meet surgery dates. Materials Buyer/Planner Jabil Circuit - Memphis, TN November 2011 to December 2013 • Serve as customer interface for demand shipment information.  • Report creation in SAP and excel in preparation for daily internal production meeting  as well as weekly meetings with the customer.  • Maintain HDD levels along with buffer stock according to SAP data to ensure there is  no down time due to material shortages.  • Accurately maintain raw and assembled components using accurate data in SAP  • Maintain add-ons, deletes, cost change, renames and merges on Inventory items in SAP  • Functions as the focal point in creating a production schedule using the best  combination of Visual Manufacturing MRP system and Excel.  • Research and assign manufacturing times and due dates on parts as needed and document during the releasing process.  • Identify and resolve supplier and internal errors that result in budget, material or schedule discrepancies according to SAP and other reports.  • Analyze project information and requests from engineering personnel via an engineer-change-notice and effectively communicate the requirements to purchasing  and manufacturing personnel.  • Accurately maintain part-master database in SAP.  • Correctly assess whether required parts can be issues from Finished Goods Inventory, should be manufactured in-house, or sub-contracted to outside vendors.  • Maintain inventory items in SAP including adds, deletes, cost change, renames and merges  • Act as back up for master planner Planning Order Administrator Jabil Circuit - Memphis, TN September 2010 to November 2011 Responsible for creating deliveries in SAP, and travelers for sales orders.  • Responsible for creation and maintenance of weekly build plan for manufacturing  • Gather and record a log of inventory transfers from SAP as needed for planning  • Monitors, analyzes, and reports performance to schedule of production activities  utilizing information derived from material and production control systems.  • Monitor quality of material, service, and delivery issues, and take corrective actions  as needed.  • Research order discrepancies using SAP.  • Coordinate teardown of returned product  • Coordinate with departments as needed to identify and resolve issues regarding inventory, budget and delivery.  • Routine clerical duties to support department activities and equipment.  • Data Entry  • Provide means to track and help manage daily manufacturing workload and inventory  status.  • Assist production scheduler    Computer Proficiencies and Skills  • Microsoft Excel  • Microsoft Word  • Power Point  • Extensive Data Entry in SAP  • Excellent written and verbal communication skills  • Type 45-50 net WPM Education None in Business Administration University of Memphis - Memphis, TN 2012 Skills PROBLEM SOLVING, DATA ENTRY, TYPING, PAYING, ARTICULATE, TRAINING, Shipping, Management, Logistics, Excel, Inventory
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1421.html#471:::Program Analyst;Data Analyst;Database Administrator;Senior Consultant - Contract;Economist;All-Source Analyst;All-Source Analyst;S-2 Intelligence Analyst;SQL (3 years);Python (Less than 1 year);Excel (5 years);Visio (2 years);Sql Server;DBA:::Program Analyst Program Analyst Denver, CO Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Program Analyst Department of Justice Office of the Inspector General - Audit - Denver, CO 2018 to Present Complete a full range of duties to support evaluation engagement execution, including responsibility for engagement stages through design, data collection and analysis, message development, and drafting segments of products that are technically complete and appropriately targeted to the audience. Data Analyst Analytic Partners 2017 to 2018 •Harmonize, process and analyze data to develop charts, reports and client presentations  •Ensure statistical models and all deliverables are of high quality and meet the internal quality control guidelines  •Harmonize, process and analyze data to develop charts, reports and client presentations  •Ensure statistical models and all deliverables are of high quality and meet the internal quality control guidelines  •Creating SQL ETL processes for marketing data from multiple sources  •Creating SQL stored procedures and queries for extracting and analyzing marketing data  •Generating insights from data analysis for Marketing Mix Modeling studies  •Communicating effectively with clients to ensure a successful adoption of insights from marketing studies Database Administrator Datavail 2016 to 2017 • Supporting multiple large client's accounts and participating in a 24 x 7 on-call rotation  • Configuring and deploying SQL Server Database solutions across the organization  • Designing High availability solutions using clustering, log shipping, replication, Always ON and Database mirroring  • Making database design and architecture recommendations on new and existing environments  • Ensuring High Availability and reliability of all enterprise databases  • Controlling access permissions and privileges.  • Monitoring Database performance and making recommendations to users on their queries to help them get faster response  • Developing, managing and testing backup and recovery plans  • Developing, managing and testing archive plans for the enterprise  • Designing, architecting, and implementing Data Warehouse solutions across the enterprise  • Upgrading and patching our database environments with the latest releases  • Developing project and implementation plans for production releases  • Writing SQL scripts to automate some of the administrative database maintenance jobs  • Writing SQL scripts to fix production issues  • Documenting any known issues or production changes Senior Consultant - Contract Panorama Consulting Solutions 2016 to 2016 • Well-versed in competitive solutions and business analysis.  • Daily tasks included conducting business process mapping, ERP advisory engagements, process analysis and design, gap analysis, functional system design and specifications - all within a client-facing role.  • Tasked to provide key decision support, monitor issues and risks, and create mitigation plans for clients.  • Managed full life-cycle ERP software implementations from a functional, organizational change management (OCM) and business process improvement (BPI) standpoint. Economist Bureau of Labor Statistics 2014 to 2016 • Performed methodological research, economic analysis, and quality assurance & technical accuracy of data.  • Managed collection and quality assurance of wage and comprehensive benefit cost data for 96 accounts on a quarterly basis for the National Compensation Survey.  • Assisted in the development and implementation of a new national labor study for the Social Security Administration's (SSA) Disability Determination Process, which quantifies physical and cognitive requirements for active occupations in the national economy.  • Created national training modules for SSA study, used to train over 100 field economists within BLS.  • Participated in activities to address program development needs such as quality improvement or process monitoring initiatives.  • Assisted with development of requirements for statistical/economic computer systems and carried out acceptance tests for enhanced or new applications. All-Source Analyst Kore Federal 2013 to 2014 • Produced time-critical intelligence products for U.S. Government organizations in aviation security, consisting of security systems and technologies employed in the commercial freight and transportation industry, to include various screening, access control, and monitoring systems.  • Performed counter-terrorism analysis in relation to foreign aviation security susceptibility. All-Source Analyst BAE Systems 2011 to 2013 Assigned to the Defense Intelligence Agency's Cyber Threat Analysis Division, Office of Middle East &  Assigned to the Defense Intelligence Agency's Directorate for Intelligence Analysis, Office of Asia-Pacific Analysis    • Conducted research and analysis relating to the C4ISR infrastructure of the assigned countries and urban areas; including in-depth review and analysis of classified, unclassified, and open source material.  • Prepared customer-tailored analytic profiles and products - including Defense Intelligence Reports (DIR) - under daily deadlines for internal and external customers - including DIA's regional offices, DIA Director's Office, Defense Attaché Offices, and other members of the intelligence community.  • Identified trends within foreign militaries and among foreign military officials, with respect to leadership intentions, promotional potential, attitudes toward the U.S. and American foreign policies.  • Identified regional and domestic political trends in relation to foreign militaries' personnel moves.    Awards: BAE Outstanding Achievement Award S-2 Intelligence Analyst US Army May 2007 to May 2008 • Analyzed real time and stationary imagery of the emplacement and movement associated with improvised explosive devices (IED) to develop and implement tactical counter-IED measures.  • Designed and implemented link diagrams and pattern of life analysis of multiple active IED cells and logistical support cells to support tactical disruption of activity.  • Produced daily counter-IED products, which led to the decreased lethality and emplacement of enemy IED targeting.  • Completed targeting and data mining research on high value targets to support tactical disruption of activity.  Awards: Bronze Star Medal, Army Achievement Medal, Army Good Conduct Medal Education Bachelor of Science in Economics Shippensburg University May 2011 Economics Association of Pennsylvania State College Skills SQL (3 years), Python (Less than 1 year), Excel (5 years), Visio (2 years), Sql Server, DBA
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1422.html#472:::MS SQL Server DBA;MS SQL SERVER DBA;Database Administrator;MS SQL SERVER (8 years);SQL (8 years);SQL SERVER (8 years);APACHE (4 years);ASP (4 years):::MS SQL Server DBA MS SQL Server DBA MS SQL Server DBA - AMICA Insurance Company • Over 7 years of professional experience in Database Administration, Database Design, Development, implementation of various database solutions and Support of MS SQL Servers 2014, 2012, 2008R2, 2008 & 2005 in Production, Test, Development environments.  • 6+ years of experience in Relational Database Administration (RDBMS), Design Development and Support of MS SQL Server 2014/2012/2008R2/2008/2005/2000 in Production, Test, Development and Cluster Server Environments.  • 6+ years of hands on experience in Managing, Installation, Configuration, Upgrade and Migration of SQL Servers 2014/2012/2008R2/2005 in standalone and clustered server environments.  • Experience in performing periodic service packs and hot fixes (cumulative updates) to SQL servers.  • Expert in designing and implementing the business's Recovery Point Objective (RPO) and Recovery Time Objective (RTO) strategies based on available Service Level Agreements (SLA).  • Migration experience from MS SQL server 2000 to MS SQL server 2012 and MS SQL server 2005 to MS SQL server 2008R2/2012.  • Experience in implementing best security practices for Database administration activities (creating logins, users, roles, and assigning permission to them).  • Master in Monitoring and Troubleshooting SQL Server performance issues and database activities using SQL server native tools such as SQL Profiler, Performance Monitor, Extended Event, Trace Flags, Activity Monitors, Stored Procedures, DBCC, and DMVs and common third party tools.  • Solid experience and knowledge of High Availability and Disaster Recovery solution including Mirroring, Log shipping, Replication and Always on Failover Cluster Instance (FCI) and Always on Availability Groups.  • Highly proficient in the use of T-SQL for developing complex stored procedures, triggers, tables, user functions, user profiles, relational database models data integrity, SQL joins and query writing.  • Experience in use of Microsoft Business Intelligence technologies like SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) and SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).  • Extensive work experience on DTS/SSIS Import/Export Data from various sources, Bulk Insert, Log Shipping, BCP and DTS/SSIS Packages.  • Extensive work experience on Performance Tuning & Index Tuning, Disaster Recovery Planning, Security Management, Managing server and clients.  • Have hands on experience with PowerShell for backups, DBCC DB cheeks, post installation setups (security (user & logins), and automating some jobs.  • Extensive work experience on system analysis, design, development, testing and implementation of projects with full SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle).  • Solid knowledge on capturing SQL Server table data changes for downstream consumption using the Change Data Capture feature of SQL Server.  • 3 years of data encryption experience (transparent data encryption) -encryption tool used for protecting data and understand data corruption and troubleshooting encryption problems. Work Experience MS SQL Server DBA AMICA Insurance Company December 2014 to Present Responsibilities:-  • Installation of MS SQL Server enterprise on Clustered Production, Test and Development boxes.  • Regularly monitor the performance of UAT and PROD server (CPU, Memory, I/O) using SQL Profiler, Performance monitor, Dynamic Management Views, Wait Stats and Events.  • Installation of Service Packs and patches on SQL server 2012 boxes.  • Create login id, passwords and roles in production and non-production environment.  • Set up transactional and snapshot replication among SQL Server 2005/2008/2008R2/2012 boxes.  • Monitor the status of transactional replication status using Replication Monitor  • Auditing stored procedures for optimization and improving performance.  • Backing up system and user databases and restoring them when necessary.  • Schedule the jobs for the Database Maintenance.  • Create databases in DEV, SYS, UAT, and Production environment.  • Re-align the database structure for performance and space management.  • Worked on linked servers to run distributed queries between SQL Server and Oracle Databases  • Running DBCC consistency checks, fixing data corruption on application Databases.  • Extensively used DMV, SQL profiler and performance Monitor, and Performance Dash board.  • Maintain index rebuild and re-organize indexes periodically.  • Performing data Transfer among SQL boxes using SSIS, BCP, Migration using Export/Import and Back up & restore.  • Transparent data encryption(TDE) understand data corruption and troubleshooting encryption problems.  • Monitor message from red gate on SQL Server Load, and Space.  • Created Alerts and Notifications for system errors, insufficient resources, fatal database errors, hardware errors, security breach-technical guidance, task assignment and tracking.  • Provide 24/7 technical support and monitoring.    Environment:-  Microsoft SQL Server 2008R2/2012, Windows 2003R2/2008, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, Management Studio, Enterprise Manager, TFS, Windows Live Meeting, Citrix, Lite Speed, IDERA (IDERA diagnostic manager, IDERA SQL safe, IDERA SQL secure), Microsoft Excel 2007, Performance Monitor, SQL Profiles, Microsoft Dash Board, Replication Monitor, Mirroring Monitor, Microsoft Visual Studio, Microsoft Visio, Quick base, Microsoft Outlook 2003/2007, DBCC, DMV, Data Collector. MS SQL SERVER DBA Soft net Engineering INC June 2013 to August 2014 Responsibilities:-  • Installation of MS SQL enterprise servers on production, test and development boxes.  • Create New Databases and maintenance of existing User Databases and System Databases.  • Reorganization of existing databases to standardize the placement of various databases related files.  • Drop and add users, logins, aliases, and groups to the databases and granting/revoking permissions on Database objects.  • Written stored procedures, Triggers, Views, Functions.  • Extensively used SQL Server Management Studio, SQL profiler, SSIS, and SQL mail services.  • Performance tuning by dropping and rebuilding index.  • Auditing stored procedures for optimization and improving performance.  • Data Transfers between various systems using BCP and SSIS.  • Defining and Implementing the Processes required for proper data conversion from the existing system to the New System.  • Interacting with Business Analysts and Developers in identifying the requirements and designing and implementing the Database Schema.  • Performance tuning on the Production, QA and development Servers.  • Performance and Fine Tuning of Stored Procedures and SQL Queries and User Defined Functions  • Using Performance Monitor for monitoring memory, processor, Disk I/O and user connections and fine-tuning.  • Database and log backups and restoration, backup strategies, scheduling backups. Backing up master and system databases and restoring them when necessary.  • Regularly maintained database for database consistency check using DBCC  • Schedule the jobs for the Database Maintenance.  • Create a customized report using SQL Server Reporting Services..  • Created Alerts and Notifications for system errors, insufficient resources, fatal database errors, hardware errors, security breach, etc.    Environment:-  MS-SQL Server 2008, Windows 2008, Oracle 9i, Solaris 2.8, VERITAS Net Backup  Crystal Report, MS-Project Database Administrator Ethiopian Electric Power Corporation April 2009 to June 2013 Responsibility  • Interacted with end users and prepared the functional and business requirement specification document.  • Involved in design, development, implementation and installation of this system using Visual Basic 5.0 as front end and SQL Server as back end on Windows NT environment.  • Install Database Management Software for SQL Server on the server and client machines, provide connections and manage databases.  • SQL Server Installation, patch application, migration of databases to newer releases.  • Working with various business groups while developing their applications, assisting in database design, creating ER's, phasing from development to QA and to Production environment.  • Database design, creation of user databases, database devices, segments  • Creating and managing schema objects such as tables, views, clusters, indexes, procedures triggers and maintained Referential Integrity  • Importing and Exporting of Databases.  • Performance monitoring and tuning of SQL servers.  • Create and maintain various databases for Production, Development and Testing using SQL Server 2008.  • Perform everyday backups and develop recovery procedures.  • Migration of data across different databases and different servers.  • Install and configure Informix Dynamic server and clients.    Environment:- SQL Server 2008, Informix Dynamic Server 7.0, Windows 2008, Sco-Unix  ER- Studio, ASP, Apache web server, MS-Project. Education BSC in Electrical and computer engineering Addis Ababa university BA in Accounting and Finance Addis Ababa University School of commerce Skills MS SQL SERVER (8 years), SQL (8 years), SQL SERVER (8 years), APACHE (4 years), ASP (4 years) Additional Information Technical Skills:  Languages:- Java, C#, T-SQL, PL/SQL, ASP. Net, XML, Shell Scripting, Perl Scripting.  RDBMS:- MS SQL Server 2005, 2008, 2008r2,2012, Informix dynamic server,  MS-Access 2003/2007  Front End:- MS Visual Basic, Developer 2000  Reporting Tools:- Crystal Reports 9.0. SSRS Designer  Server Operating Systems:- Windows 2003,2003r2,2008,2008r2, UNIX (Solaris), Sco UNIX, Linux.  Web Servers:- IIS ( Internet information server), Apache Server.  Packages:- Microsoft Office, Lotus Notes, MS Visio 2003, MS-Project  Hardware:- SUN, IBM AS/400, HP, Compaq, Dell, Cisco routers.  Other Tools: SPSS, OpNet, ER/Studio, Veritas Net.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1423.html#473:::AIRCRAFT LOAD PLANNER;JUNIOR DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR;HELP DESK TIER II;SQL;MICROSOFT SHAREPOINT;SHAREPOINT;DNS;NETWORKING;CRM;MICROSOFT CRM;WINDOWS 10;WINDOWS 7;WINDOWS 8;MICROSOFT OFFICE;PROBLEM SOLVING;TIME MANAGEMENT;DOCUMENTATION:::AIRCRAFT LOAD PLANNER AIRCRAFT LOAD PLANNER AIRCRAFT LOAD PLANNER - UPS Maricopa, AZ Goal oriented, motivated and analytical with a track record of success in meeting and exceeding expectations in fast paced, high energy work environments. Excellent at building and maintaining strategic relationships with customers and coworkers. Well recognized for extensive problem-solving decision making and communication on a daily basis. Highly adaptable and quick to learn new technologies, willing/ready to motivate process improvement. Work Experience AIRCRAFT LOAD PLANNER UPS 2012 to Present • Certified by UPS (AZ) to Perform Weight and Balance Calculations  ? Boeing 747/800 and 747/400  ? McConnell Douglas MD-11  ? Boeing 767 and 757  ? Airbus A-300  Perform the calculations and planning of cargo placement to keep the aircraft within permissible center of gravity limits throughout the flight. Ensures cargo is placed on the aircraft in such a way as to prevent overloading sensitive sections of the airframe as well as following federal regulations that prohibit the placement of one type of cargo in proximity to another. JUNIOR DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR FOOD SERVICES OF AMERICA January 2010 to January 2011 • Responsible for design, implementation, maintenance and repair of company databases.  • Data transfer and replication  • Ensure the availability of data to users  • Control privileges and permissions to users  • Database backup, recovery and security HELP DESK TIER II FOOD SERVICES OF AMERICA 2008 to 2009 • Displayed technical experience and skills in the areas of problem determination, analysis and resolution.  • A competent level of analytical ability was required to understand the basic relationships of products and our environment.  • Working knowledge of complex and multi-vendor environments.  • Strong technical support skills with the ability to balance customer service skills.  • Analyze and resolve routine customer service problems at first contact.  • Timely escalation of problems that can't be resolved to the appropriate team.  • Refer incidents to the proper queue the first time to ensure timely completion of issues.  • Diagnose and resolve technical hardware and software issues onsite and remotely.  • Research questions using available information resources.  • Create/Modify existing KB articles as needed for future reference.  • Serve as point of contact and be available for 24/7 support during rotating on-call periods. Education Management Information Systems MINOT STATE UNIVERSITY Present High school or equivalent BERTHOLD PUBLIC HIGH SCHOOL August 1990 to May 1994 Skills SQL, MICROSOFT SHAREPOINT, SHAREPOINT, DNS, NETWORKING, CRM, MICROSOFT CRM, WINDOWS 10, WINDOWS 7, WINDOWS 8, MICROSOFT OFFICE, PROBLEM SOLVING, TIME MANAGEMENT, DOCUMENTATION
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1424.html#474:::Database Administrator II;Database Cloud Engineer;Senior Database Consultant(Contract);DBA;Graduate/Teaching Assistant;Junior Data Engineer;DATABASE (6 years);MYSQL (6 years);AWS (3 years);SQL (Less than 1 year);APACHE (Less than 1 year);ETL;Postgresql;Sql Server;DBA;Sql Dba;Oracle Dba:::Database Administrator II <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> II Raleigh, NC Results-oriented Certified MySQL DBA with comprehensive experience in an on premise database  and Cloud Database. Experience managing MySQL, medium to large scale database, in a complex  multi-tier enterprise environment. Strong administration skill in MySQL 5.1-5.7, and Percona  5.1-5.7, on Linux and Windows. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Administrator II Bandwidth - Raleigh, NC August 2018 to Present * Experienced Data professional with deep expertise in SQL Server, MariaDB, MySQL  * Database Administration & Management of SQL Server-2014,2008, MariaDB, MySQL instances.  * Experience in working with high volume mission critical OLTP and Data warehouse systems  * Expertise in building Data Analytics, BI reporting solutions using SQL, Columnar DBs & Tableau  * Experience in designing and building data-centric applications  * Experience in database backup, recovery and disaster recovery procedures  * Implementing change control management of DB artifacts  * Experience working with NoSQL databases - Cassandra  * Experience in collaborating and engaging with multiple teams, mentoring Development teams.  * Leading and managing projects.    Specialties:  * Design and Architect highly scalable back end database platforms  * Database Performance Tuning, Query Optimization  * Database High Availability & Clustering  * Building Data Analytics, BI platforms   * ETL design & Data pipe line   * SOA using SQL Service Broker  * Replication  * Partitioning  * Big Data  * SQL Database Cloud Engineer Amazon.com - Seattle, WA November 2017 to Present Responsible for hosting and supporting production databases for hundreds of major international  corporations on large-scale, geographically diverse environments.  Perform on-demand support for Oracle, SQL Server and MySQL database infrastructure.  Interact with customers, resolving database engine and system/infrastructure-related issues and providing guidance on systems architecture, data model, and SQL query reviews as needed  Work directly with Amazon Web Service architects and interact with leading technologists around the world to help reproduce and resolve unique customer issues.  Drive customer communication during critical events on a global scale.  Test, validate and implement performance and resource optimization improvements in consultation with AWS development teams.  On call for large scale production database outages and root cause analysis of production related  database issues.    Drive projects that improve support related processes and our customers' technical support  experience.  Provide insightful troubleshooting and optimal solutions and discerning when to escalate issues to knowledge experts in the engineering team.  Write tutorials, how-to documents, and other technical articles for the database support community. Senior Database Consultant(Contract) Element Data - Bellevue, WA July 2017 to October 2017 Implemented MySQL database designs and data models.  Wrote and maintained technical and functional specifications.  Specified users and user access levels for each database segment.  Planned and implemented security measures to safeguard PII data.  Coordinated with project teams on database development timelines.  Created bash and python scripts for data ingestion and integration.  Provided administration support for high volume transactional and analytical MySQL database. DBA IPsoft, Inc - New York, NY July 2014 to July 2017 Responsible for managing multiple Enterprise Percona XtraDB Cluster and Galera cluster on a  daily basis.  Optimize MySQL in best performance, such as analyze tables, rebuild indexes, export/import data to improve performance.  Expertise in Performance Tuning, Query Optimization, and Database Consistency Checks using  different utilities.  Managed database objects including tables, relationships, stored routines, triggers and users, as well as assist with capacity planning.  Perform upgrades of older version of MySQL.  Implemented 5TB of on Premise MariaDB to cloud AWS RDS Maria.  Provide on call support for Enterprise Customers via in person, over the phone and emails.  Assist development team with recommendations on best practices. Graduate/Teaching Assistant University of Maryland Eastern Shore - Princess Anne, MD August 2012 to April 2014 Prepared lessons according to course outline to convey all required material and deepen student  understanding of subject matter.  Taught small groups of students focused on specific parts of coursework.  Assisted faculty with clerical tasks such as copying papers, collecting assignments and preparing  materials for upcoming classes.  Documented attendance and completed assignments to maintain full class and student records.  Mentored students through office hours and one-on-one communication.  Checked assignments, proctored tests, and provided grades according to university standards.  Streamed classes online and uploaded videos for later viewing by distance and absent students. Junior Data Engineer International Data Management Services PLC - Lagos, NG June 2009 to August 2011 Lagos    Supported team that manages terabyte MySQL Cluster database, while supporting development  teams with database design, normalization of various tables, checking if the created tables are using the right data types.  Assited with writing store routines either store functions or procedures.  Gave recommendations on the best storage engine to deploy on new applications built.  Created triggers for tracking/ login activities by different users.  Rebuilt out of sync replication slaves.  Wrote checks for alerts and monitoring of cluster database.  Performed capacity planning for all the critical file partitions on the OS.  Provided on-call support for enterprise databases.  Troubleshooted and resolved replication issue such as slave delay, slave status issue, slave rebuild  includingdatabase problems and issues relating to applications, Disk Usage, Processes, Swap Usage,  Uptime, CPU Utilization, Max Session and systems.  Implemented procedures for performance optimization and development of database applications  whichincludes designing, capacity planning, security and accessibility functions of databases.  Involved in client expertise in configuring and scheduling the binary backups for the database as well as creating thebackup directory for the log files.Expertise in Performance Tuning, Query  Optimization, Client/Server Connectivity, and Database Consistency Checks using different  utilities. Education Master of Science in Computer Science University of Maryland - Princess Anne, MD 2014 Bachelor of Science in Economics and Mathematics University of Benin 2008 Skills DATABASE (6 years), MYSQL (6 years), AWS (3 years), SQL (Less than 1 year), APACHE (Less than 1 year), ETL, Postgresql, Sql Server, DBA, Sql Dba, Oracle Dba Certifications/Licenses Oracle Certified Professional, MySQL 5.6 Database Administrator August 2016 to Present MariaDB Certified Database Administrator 10.3 Associate February 2019 to Present Additional Information Skills  SQL Tableau Software  NOSQL Hadoop Ecosystem: Hive, pig, storm, flume,  MySQL NDB, HDFS  percona xtradb cluster, Platforms: Unix|Linux and Windows.  MariaDB, Middleware: Jboss, Apache WebLogic,  AWS RDS- MySQL WebSphere.  AWS RDS- PostGres Monitoring:  AWS RDS SQL-SERVER MySQL Enterprise Monitoring,  AWS Aurora- MySQL Percona Monitoring and Management,  AWS Aurora- Postgres Amazon CloudWatch, Nagios. ETC  Scripting in Bash and Python  Database migration and backup Tools:  AWS DMS, mysqlpump, mysqldump,  xtrabackup, Mysql Enterprise Backup ETC
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1425.html#475:::SQL BI Developer/SSIS/SSRS/SSAS;SQL BI Developer/SSIS/SSRS/SSAS;SQL Developer;SQL Database Developer;SQL Developer;SQL Database Administrator/Developer;SQL Server Developer/SSIS developer;.NET (3 years);Analysis Services (6 years);BI (3 years);Business Intelligence (5 years);C# (1 year);Data Modeling (Less than 1 year);Database (7 years);Integration (3 years);INTEGRATOR (3 years);MICROSOFT SHAREPOINT (Less than 1 year);MICROSOFT SSRS (8 years);MICROSOFT TEAM FOUNDATION SERVER (1 year);MS SQL Server (8 years);Power BI (1 year);SDLC (2 years);SQL (8 years);SQL Server (8 years);SSRS (8 years);Team Foundation Server. (1 year);T-SQL (4 years):::SQL BI Developer/SSIS/SSRS/SSAS SQL BI Developer/SSIS/SSRS/SSAS SQL BI Developer/SSIS/SSRS/SSAS - Centene Corp St. Louis, MO • Over 8+ years of IT experience in Database Administration/ Database designing, Development and maintaining Databases/BI Application. A wide range of expertise In SQL Server and BI Stack (SSIS, SSRS,SSAS) within multiple industries such as Media, Finance, Insurance andHealthcare  • Expert of MS SQL Server 2012 suite of Business Intelligence products SSRS, SSISandSSAS  • Expertise in creating packages using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS)  • Knowledge regarding the Administration of SQL Server, MySQL implementation including installation, configuration, patching, backups, documentation and monitoring  • Strong Experience in working with BCP, SSIS (DTS, DTSX) packages for Data Integration Services  • Experience in data analysis, design and development of databases for business applications in a client/server and data warehouse environments in SQL2014  • Designed and developed SQL SSIS Packages to extract data from various data sources such as Access database, Excel Spreadsheet, and flat files in SQL Server for data analysis and Reporting by using Multiple Transformation Provided by SSIS such as Data Conversion, Conditional Split, Bulk Insert, merge and union all  • Extensive Knowledge of using System Variables and creatingUser-Defined Variables for SSIS Package  • Expertise in creating Report Models for building Ad hoc reports using SSRS  • Expertise in creating various Parameterized, Cascaded, Linked, Drill-through and Drill-down reports  • Created complex DTS Packages for Data Migration and Transformation. Experience in data migration from Oracle/Access/Excel Sheets to SQL Server 2012  • Good Knowledge of Normalization/De-Normalization, data design methodology and building Referential Integrity for the relational Database Model implementing as per business requirement  • Efficiently helped in the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)processes including Analysis, Design, Programing, Testing and Documentation  • Experience in publishing Power BI Desktop reports created in Report view to the Power BI service.  • Created, Maintained and scheduled various reports in Power BI like Tabular Reports.  • Expertise in using Power BI and prepared dashboard reports for internal team progress tracking  • Excellent Knowledge in creating Databases, Tables, Stored Procedure, DDL/DML Triggers, Views, User defined data types, Cursors and Indexes Using T-SQL  • Experience in Diagnosing and Troubleshooting performance issues DMV's and DTA  • Worked in administration tasks such as data loading, batch jobs, data unloading, backup&Recovery, user and application table management, upgrades, creating database/File groups/files/Transaction logs  • Excellent knowledge of scheduling jobs and Alerts using SQL Server Agent  • Good team player, strong interpersonal and communication skills combined with self-motivation, Initiative and the ability to think outside the box Work Experience SQL BI Developer/SSIS/SSRS/SSAS Centene Corp - St. Louis, MO September 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  • Involved in writing stored procedures, Triggers, User-defined Functions, Views and Cursors for both Online and Batch requests handling business logic and functionality of various modules  • Experienced in writing complex SQL Queries, Stored Procedures, Triggers, Views, Cursors, Joins, Constraints, DDL, DML and User Defined Functions to implement the business logic and created clustered and non-clustered indexes  • Created SSAS OLAP Cubes and Partitioning Cubes, monitored and full and incremental load using cube wizard.  • Created tabular, matrix, chart, drilldown reports, and parameterized, cascaded reports according to business requirement.  • Involved in developing Cubes in Business Intelligence Development Studio using SSAS.  • Involved in Analyzing, designing, building &, testing of OLAP cubes with SSAS and in adding calculations using MDX.  • Generated multiple Enterprise reports using SSRS from SQL Server Database (OLTP) and SQL Server Analysis Services Database (OLAP) and included various reporting features such as group by, drilldowns, drill through, sub-reports, navigation reports (Hyperlink) etc.  • Created SSRS report templates for ease of report development.  • Created different Parameterized Reports (SSRS 2008/2012) which consist of report Criteria in various reports to make minimize the report execution time and to limit the no. of records required.  • Wrote MDX queries and expressions for use in Front End BI Applications and created SSRS reports.  • Involved in designing, developing, debugging and testing of reports in SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).  • Generated periodic reports based on the statistical analysis of the data from various time frame and division using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).  • Generated multiple Enterprise reports (SSRS/Crystal/Impromptu) from SQL Server Database (OLTP) and SQL Server Analysis Services Database (OLAP) and included various reporting features such as group by, drilldowns, drill through, sub-reports, Parameterized Reports.  • Developed custom calculated measures using DAX in Power BI to satisfy business needs.  • ?Created Job Monitoring and Financial Dashboards using Power BI and DAX queries.  • Experience in creating SSAS 2012 tabular model by adding tables to the model and creating relationships between tables.  • Integrated Custom Visuals based on business requirements using Power BI desktop.  • Developed complex SQL queries using stored procedures, common table expressions (CTEs), temporary table to support Power BI and SSRS reports.  • Involved in performance tuning of T-SQL queries and Stored Procedures  • Designed T-SQL scripts to identify long running queries and blocking sessions  • Optimized the performance of various SQL scripts, stored procedures and triggers by using embedded UDFs, CTEs and System stored procedures.  • Used Execution Plan, SQL Profiler and Database Engine Tuning Advisor to optimize queries and enhance the performance of databases  • Involved in database management, performance measurement and performance tuning for new databases and existing databases by using SQL Profiler, SQL Analyzer, and SQL Enterprise Manager.  • Developed different types of tabular reports, matrix reports (cross tab or pivot) reports, chart and graphs, reports that aggregate data using SQL Server Reporting Services(SSRS)  • Worked closely with business power users to create reports/dashboards using SSRS.    Environment: Microsoft SQL Server 2016/2014, MS Access, MDX, DAX, SSAS, SSIS, SSRS, HTML, Visual Studio 2005/2008/2010, IIS, Query Analyzer, ERWIN, Windows server 2008R2, TSQL, SQL Profiler, DTS, Team Foundation Server. SQL BI Developer/SSIS/SSRS/SSAS UHG - Minnetonka, MN February 2016 to August 2017 Responsibilities:  • Participated in gathering User Requirements and System Specifications.  • Developed Stored Procedures, functions and database triggers and maintained referential integrity and implemented complex business logic.  • Created and executed SQL Server Integration Service packages to populate data from the various data sources, created packages for different data loading operations for many applications.  • Created SSIS Packages using SSIS Designer for exporting heterogeneous data from OLE DB Source, Excel Spreadsheet to SQL Server.  • Migrated DTS packages to SSIS packages and modified the packages with new features of SQL SSIS.  • Designed ETL packages dealing with different data sources (SQL Server, Flat Files, and XMLs etc) and loaded the data into target data sources by performing different kinds of transformations using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS).  • Experience in Extracting, Transforming and Loading (ETL) data from Excel, Flat file, Oracle to MS SQL Server by using BCP utility, DTS and SSIS services.  • Data Loading Experience in SQL Server 2008 using SSIS ETL and Experience in developing packages in SSIS and DTS according to task.  • Data analysis and data migration by transferring them using SSIS packages.  • Experience in designing, configuring, deploying SSIS packages and providing security for packages.  • Implemented incremental Load for many SSIS packages.  • Experience in Error handling, Debugging, error logging for production support in SSIS.  • Experienced in Extracting, Transforming and Loading ETL data from Excel, Flat file, Oracle to MS SQL Server by using BCP utility, DTS and SSIS services.  • SQL Server OLAP database development including KPIs, Data mining, working with changing dimensions.  • Performed Logging and Deployment of various packages in SSIS.  • Experienced in enhancing and deploying the SSIS Packages from development server to production server.  • Built MDX queries and Data Mining Expression (DMX) queries for Analysis Services & Reporting Services.  • Created Dimensions and cubes with star schema using SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS).  • Created multiple reports (SSRS) in Drill mode using tables, financial tables, crosses tabs and chart.  • Design, deployment, and maintenance of various SSRS Reports in SQL Server.  • Designed and implemented Parameterized and cascading parameterized reports using SSRS.  • Used SQL Profiler for troubleshooting, monitoring, and optimization of SQL Server and non-production database code as well as T-SQL code from developers and QA.  • Backing up, restoring system & other databases as per requirements, and also scheduled those backups.  • Developed Star schema using SSAS cubes.  • Created parallel period, filter, ancestors and cross join MDX queries.  • Developed Aggregations, partitions and calculated members for cube as per business requirements.  • Involved in analyzing and designing disaster recovery / replication strategies with business managers to meet the business requirements.  • Designed Dimensional Modeling using SSAS packages for End-User. Created Hierarchies in Dimensional Modeling.  • Used SQL Server Profiler to trace the slow running queries and tried to Optimize SQL queries for improved performance and availability.    Environment: C#, ASP.NET, Erwin, XML, T-SQL, SQL Server 2012/2014, SQL Server 2012, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, VisualStudio.NET SQL Developer Vernovis - Cincinnati, OH January 2015 to January 2016 Responsibilities:  • Create and modify SQL Reports that relate to the client or department reporting  • Read and write Complex queries, ability to create the database objects (tables, views, stored procedures, User Defined Functions) and modify the existing reporting content.  • Involved in complete Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)process by analyzing business requirements and understanding the functional work flow of information from source systems to destination systems.  • Created volatile tables and partitioning the tables and responsible for supporting existing projects using Teradata SQL assistant tool.  • Developed and implemented SSIS 2012 ETL processes to load data from source files to target tables  • Migrated data from Heterogeneous Data Sources to SQL Server databases using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) to overcome transformation constraints.  • Worked on Onboarding the WMS (Warehouse Management System) Oracle data and landed the data tables on our production SQL Server with process indexing and considering other constraints.  • Generated periodic reports based on the statistical analysis of the data from various time frame and division using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)  • Designed, Developed and Deployed reports in MS SQL Server environment using SSRS-2012 R2  • Developed and responsible for development of Dashboards in Tableau  • Developed various Drill-throughand Drill-Down custom reports using .Net framework within SSRS  • Developed different kind of reports such as Sub Reports, Charts, Matrix reports,Linked reports. Used cascaded parameters to generate a report from two different Data Sets.  • Productions support, troubleshooting's and debugging in a high-volume transaction processing environment  • Support existing projects over the holiday season to ensure the business had all the data and reports available  • Apply business and database analysis skill to gain deep understanding of user's needs  • Aid in the definition and creation of solutions that meet the needs of our users  • Understand complex business processes, gather requirements, work efficiently and verify their results  • Assume an increasingly active role in computer systems design    Environment: MS SQL Server 2012R2, SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), SQL Server Analysis services (SSAS), SQL Server Integration services (SSIS), Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS), MS Excel, MS Access, Windows XP, SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS) SQL Database Developer The Zidian Group February 2014 to December 2014 Responsibilities:  • Involved in the Requirement Analysis, Design phase and Development phase of Agile SDLC model system.  • Developed various T-SQL objects such as Functions, Tables, Views, Triggers, Indexes, Constraints and created Dynamic and Static Stored Procedures and Queries to develop Decision Engine.  • Developed, monitored and deployed SSIS packages for Dynamic ETL flow to validate, extract, transform and load data into database.  • Performed Full load & Incremental load with several Data flow tasks and Control Flow Tasks using SSIS.  • Involved in the Migration of Databases from SQL Server 2008 to SQL Server 2012.  • Developed and implemented SSIS 2012 ETL processes to load data from source files to target tables  • Worked on OLAP Data warehouse, Model, Design and Implementation.  • Maintained Batch logging, Error logging tables and handled errors using Event handlers.  • Created SSIS package to Export and Import data from SQL Server to Access, Text and Excel files and Configured SQL mail agent for sending automatic mails.  • Developed reports and deployed them on server using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).  • Developed Parameterized, Drill-through and Drill-down Reports to get monthly customers account details and profits using SSRS.  • Sound Experience and understanding of SSAS, OLAP and OLTP cube, Data mining and Architecture.  • Involved in deploying, configuring and managing reports using Report Manager and Report Builder.  • Formatted the reports using the Global variables and expressions.  • Scheduling the SSIS packages and Jobs.  • Improved Performance by creating Clustered and Non- Clustered Indexes and by optimizing the T-SQL statements using SQL profiler.  Environment:MS SQL Server 2012, T-SQL, Power pivot, Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Microsoft SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS), SQL Server Business Intelligence Development Studio), Visual Source Safe (VSS). SQL Developer California Creative Solutions - Poway, CA February 2013 to January 2014 Responsibilities:  • Gathered functional requirements and Business requirements and written the technical specifications for building the Global Enterprise Data warehouse.  • Worked closely with end users in designing and creating the Global Enterprise Data warehouse.  • Implemented member properties, virtual dimension, dimension custom rollups, write back, action and drill through.  • High Level Design of ETL DTS Package for integrating data from heterogeneous sources (Excel, CSV, Oracle, flat file, Text Format Data).  • Generated periodic reports based on the statistical analysis of the data using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).  • Created SSIS Packages using SSIS Designer for export heterogeneous data from OLE DB Source (Oracle), Excel Spreadsheet to SQL Server 2008.  • Created Drill-through, Drill-down, Cross-Tab Reports and Sub-Reports using RDL.  • Developed a multi-dimensional database (MDDB) and OLAP cube using SQL Server 2000 that stored and maintained the data.  • Implemented MS Analysis Services setup, tuning, cube partitioning, and dimension designing including hierarchical and slowly changing dimensions.  • Managed Up gradation ofDTS packages to SSIS packages.  • Involved in the complete data warehouse development life cycle and solely responsible for the design, development and maintenance of 8 cubes.  • Implemented transactional replication among different servers.  • Provided technical guidance and support to end-users by developing documentations required.  • Performed application and database code production pushes, following production release procedures.  • Performed production SQL release final verification procedure to production.  • Documented all database changes and follow and enforce change and release management processes.  • Audited and enforced database security, code and procedural standards.    Environment: MS SQL Server 2008, MS-Excel, DTS, Visual Studio.Net 2003 SQL Database Administrator/Developer HCL Technology - Chennai, Tamil Nadu May 2012 to January 2013 Responsibilities:  • Installed and maintained 2-Node (Active-Active) Clustering as a High availability solution.  • Implemented and maintained Database mirroring as a Disaster Recovery Solution.  • Installed, authored and managed reports using SQL Server 2008 Reporting Services.  • Analyzed the project environment and sub systems of the project and prepared a high-level documentation for application designing.  • Responsible for gathering business requirements, developing and reviewing of design documents.  • Did trouble shooting of Client connections, viewing error log and applications.  • Performed daily tasks including backup and restore by using SQL Server 2008 tools like SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Server Profiler, SQL Server Agent and Database Engine Tuning Advisor.  • Responsible for monitoring and making recommendations for performance improvement in hosted databases. This involved index creation, index removal, index modification, file group modifications and adding scheduled jobs to re-index and update statistics in databases.  • Developed and optimized database structures, stored procedures, Dynamic Management views, DDL triggers and user-defined functions.  • Transferred data (ETL) to Data ware house Environment using SSIS.  • Used Data Partitioning, Snapshot Isolation in SQL Server 2008  • To analyze long running queries and tune the same to optimize application and system performance.  • Maintained the database consistency with DBCC at regular intervals.  • Involved in development activities included hardware and network specification, installation and configuration and participation in database design, architecture and SQL scripting.    Environment: MS SQL Server 2008 Enterprise Edition, SSIS, SSRS and Windows Server 2003, MS Access. SQL Server Developer/SSIS developer SSP Group May 2011 to March 2012 Responsibilities:  • Developed end to end ETLs for transactional data flow from the source system to the end tables.  • Took ownership of various Sprints and managed to provide the user cases individually within the deadline.  • Maintained the Defect Tracker for the team to ensure timely and correct handling of data issues.  • Independently developed new applications which considerably reduced the Turnaround Time (TAT) for the team.  • Interacted directly with users across the EMEA region and resolved complex PRD data issues.  • Analyzed and subsequently raised Change Requests for bug fixes in ETL and SQL.  • Mentored new entrants into the team, providing them adequate support and technical help.  • Prepared and updated documentation for major changes in the system landscape, which was subsequently used across various teams.    Environment: MS SQL Server 2008 Enterprise Edition, SSIS, SSRS and Windows Server 2003, MS Access Education Bachelor's Skills .NET (3 years), Analysis Services (6 years), BI (3 years), Business Intelligence (5 years), C# (1 year), Data Modeling (Less than 1 year), Database (7 years), Integration (3 years), INTEGRATOR (3 years), MICROSOFT SHAREPOINT (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT SSRS (8 years), MICROSOFT TEAM FOUNDATION SERVER (1 year), MS SQL Server (8 years), Power BI (1 year), SDLC (2 years), SQL (8 years), SQL Server (8 years), SSRS (8 years), Team Foundation Server. (1 year), T-SQL (4 years) Additional Information Technical Skills:    Database: SQL Server 2016, 2014, 2012, 2008R2, 2008 T-SQL Programming, Dynamic SQL, C#.Net  Data Modeling: ER-win, MS Visio  Development Tools: BIDS, SSDT, SSMS Integration Services (SSIS) Analysis Services (Multidimensional/Tabular Model) Reporting Services (SSRS, Report Builder)  BI Tools: Power BI, Power Pivot, Tableau  Source Control: Team Foundation Server (TFS)  SDLC: Agile, Scrum, Waterfall, and Spiral SharePoint, PerformancePoint Services
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1426.html#476:::Tech Support;Database Administrator;Network Operations Manager;Data Collector and Processor;Quality Inspector;CIVIL ENGINEERING (5 years);DATABASES (2 years);EXCELLENT COMMUNICATION SKILLS (Less than 1 year);QUALITY CONTROL (1 year);TELECOMMUNICATIONS (6 years):::Tech Support Tech Support Tech Support Festus, MO Middle skilled technician with 20 years of experiences seeking fresh experiences reentering the workforce. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Tech Support Lucent Technologies - Naperville, IL 2006 to 2007 Database Administrator Network Engineering Center - Naperville, IL 2000 to 2002 Network Operations Manager Wireless Group Naperville IL - Naperville, IL 1999 to 2000 1998-199 Data Collector and Processor Wireless Group, Naperville 1996 to 1997 Quality Inspector Borse Industries - Willowbrook, IL 1995 to 1996 Testing Service Corporation - Carol Stream, IL 1990 to 1994 Education Certification College of DuPage - Carbondale, IL Skills CIVIL ENGINEERING (5 years), DATABASES (2 years), EXCELLENT COMMUNICATION SKILLS (Less than 1 year), QUALITY CONTROL (1 year), TELECOMMUNICATIONS (6 years) Additional Information PROFESSIONAL SKILLS    Telecommunications Civil Engineering  Quality control UNIX  Ability to Multitask Ability to build databases  Excellent communication skills
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1427.html#477:::SQL BI Developer/SSIS/SSRS/SSAS;SQL BI Developer/SSIS/SSRS/SSAS;SQL Developer;SQL Database Developer;SQL Developer;SQL Database Administrator/Developer;SQL Server Developer/SSIS developer:::SQL BI Developer/SSIS/SSRS/SSAS SQL BI Developer/SSIS/SSRS/SSAS SQL BI Developer/SSIS/SSRS/SSAS - Centene Corp St. Louis, MO • Over 8+ years of IT experience in Database Administration/ Database designing, Development and maintaining Databases/BI Application. A wide range of expertise In SQL Server and BI Stack (SSIS, SSRS,SSAS) within multiple industries such as Media, Finance, Insurance andHealthcare  • Expert of MS SQL Server 2012 suite of Business Intelligence products SSRS, SSISandSSAS  • Expertise in creating packages using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS)  • Knowledge regarding the Administration of SQL Server, MySQL implementation including installation, configuration, patching, backups, documentation and monitoring  • Strong Experience in working with BCP, SSIS (DTS, DTSX) packages for Data Integration Services  • Experience in data analysis, design and development of databases for business applications in a client/server and data warehouse environments in SQL2014  • Designed and developed SQL SSIS Packages to extract data from various data sources such as Access database, Excel Spreadsheet, and flat files in SQL Server for data analysis and Reporting by using Multiple Transformation Provided by SSIS such as Data Conversion, Conditional Split, Bulk Insert, merge and union all  • Extensive Knowledge of using System Variables and creatingUser-Defined Variables for SSIS Package  • Expertise in creating Report Models for building Ad hoc reports using SSRS  • Expertise in creating various Parameterized, Cascaded, Linked, Drill-through and Drill-down reports  • Created complex DTS Packages for Data Migration and Transformation. Experience in data migration from Oracle/Access/Excel Sheets to SQL Server 2012  • Good Knowledge of Normalization/De-Normalization, data design methodology and building Referential Integrity for the relational Database Model implementing as per business requirement  • Efficiently helped in the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)processes including Analysis, Design, Programing, Testing and Documentation  • Experience in publishing Power BI Desktop reports created in Report view to the Power BI service.  • Created, Maintained and scheduled various reports in Power BI like Tabular Reports.  • Expertise in using Power BI and prepared dashboard reports for internal team progress tracking  • Excellent Knowledge in creating Databases, Tables, Stored Procedure, DDL/DML Triggers, Views, User defined data types, Cursors and Indexes Using T-SQL  • Experience in Diagnosing and Troubleshooting performance issues DMV's and DTA  • Worked in administration tasks such as data loading, batch jobs, data unloading, backup&Recovery, user and application table management, upgrades, creating database/File groups/files/Transaction logs  • Excellent knowledge of scheduling jobs and Alerts using SQL Server Agent  • Good team player, strong interpersonal and communication skills combined with self-motivation, Initiative and the ability to think outside the box Work Experience SQL BI Developer/SSIS/SSRS/SSAS Centene Corp - St. Louis, MO September 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  • Involved in writing stored procedures, Triggers, User-defined Functions, Views and Cursors for both Online and Batch requests handling business logic and functionality of various modules  • Experienced in writing complex SQL Queries, Stored Procedures, Triggers, Views, Cursors, Joins, Constraints, DDL, DML and User Defined Functions to implement the business logic and created clustered and non-clustered indexes  • Created SSAS OLAP Cubes and Partitioning Cubes, monitored and full and incremental load using cube wizard.  • Created tabular, matrix, chart, drilldown reports, and parameterized, cascaded reports according to business requirement.  • Involved in developing Cubes in Business Intelligence Development Studio using SSAS.  • Involved in Analyzing, designing, building &, testing of OLAP cubes with SSAS and in adding calculations using MDX.  • Generated multiple Enterprise reports using SSRS from SQL Server Database (OLTP) and SQL Server Analysis Services Database (OLAP) and included various reporting features such as group by, drilldowns, drill through, sub-reports, navigation reports (Hyperlink) etc.  • Created SSRS report templates for ease of report development.  • Created different Parameterized Reports (SSRS 2008/2012) which consist of report Criteria in various reports to make minimize the report execution time and to limit the no. of records required.  • Wrote MDX queries and expressions for use in Front End BI Applications and created SSRS reports.  • Involved in designing, developing, debugging and testing of reports in SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).  • Generated periodic reports based on the statistical analysis of the data from various time frame and division using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).  • Generated multiple Enterprise reports (SSRS/Crystal/Impromptu) from SQL Server Database (OLTP) and SQL Server Analysis Services Database (OLAP) and included various reporting features such as group by, drilldowns, drill through, sub-reports, Parameterized Reports.  • Developed custom calculated measures using DAX in Power BI to satisfy business needs.  • ?Created Job Monitoring and Financial Dashboards using Power BI and DAX queries.  • Experience in creating SSAS 2012 tabular model by adding tables to the model and creating relationships between tables.  • Integrated Custom Visuals based on business requirements using Power BI desktop.  • Developed complex SQL queries using stored procedures, common table expressions (CTEs), temporary table to support Power BI and SSRS reports.  • Involved in performance tuning of T-SQL queries and Stored Procedures  • Designed T-SQL scripts to identify long running queries and blocking sessions  • Optimized the performance of various SQL scripts, stored procedures and triggers by using embedded UDFs, CTEs and System stored procedures.  • Used Execution Plan, SQL Profiler and Database Engine Tuning Advisor to optimize queries and enhance the performance of databases  • Involved in database management, performance measurement and performance tuning for new databases and existing databases by using SQL Profiler, SQL Analyzer, and SQL Enterprise Manager.  • Developed different types of tabular reports, matrix reports (cross tab or pivot) reports, chart and graphs, reports that aggregate data using SQL Server Reporting Services(SSRS)  • Worked closely with business power users to create reports/dashboards using SSRS.    Environment: Microsoft SQL Server 2016/2014, MS Access, MDX, DAX, SSAS, SSIS, SSRS, HTML, Visual Studio 2005/2008/2010, IIS, Query Analyzer, ERWIN, Windows server 2008R2, TSQL, SQL Profiler, DTS, Team Foundation Server. SQL BI Developer/SSIS/SSRS/SSAS UHG - Minnetonka, MN February 2016 to August 2017 Responsibilities:  • Participated in gathering User Requirements and System Specifications.  • Developed Stored Procedures, functions and database triggers and maintained referential integrity and implemented complex business logic.  • Created and executed SQL Server Integration Service packages to populate data from the various data sources, created packages for different data loading operations for many applications.  • Created SSIS Packages using SSIS Designer for exporting heterogeneous data from OLE DB Source, Excel Spreadsheet to SQL Server.  • Migrated DTS packages to SSIS packages and modified the packages with new features of SQL SSIS.  • Designed ETL packages dealing with different data sources (SQL Server, Flat Files, and XMLs etc) and loaded the data into target data sources by performing different kinds of transformations using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS).  • Experience in Extracting, Transforming and Loading (ETL) data from Excel, Flat file, Oracle to MS SQL Server by using BCP utility, DTS and SSIS services.  • Data Loading Experience in SQL Server 2008 using SSIS ETL and Experience in developing packages in SSIS and DTS according to task.  • Data analysis and data migration by transferring them using SSIS packages.  • Experience in designing, configuring, deploying SSIS packages and providing security for packages.  • Implemented incremental Load for many SSIS packages.  • Experience in Error handling, Debugging, error logging for production support in SSIS.  • Experienced in Extracting, Transforming and Loading ETL data from Excel, Flat file, Oracle to MS SQL Server by using BCP utility, DTS and SSIS services.  • SQL Server OLAP database development including KPIs, Data mining, working with changing dimensions.  • Performed Logging and Deployment of various packages in SSIS.  • Experienced in enhancing and deploying the SSIS Packages from development server to production server.  • Built MDX queries and Data Mining Expression (DMX) queries for Analysis Services & Reporting Services.  • Created Dimensions and cubes with star schema using SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS).  • Created multiple reports (SSRS) in Drill mode using tables, financial tables, crosses tabs and chart.  • Design, deployment, and maintenance of various SSRS Reports in SQL Server.  • Designed and implemented Parameterized and cascading parameterized reports using SSRS.  • Used SQL Profiler for troubleshooting, monitoring, and optimization of SQL Server and non-production database code as well as T-SQL code from developers and QA.  • Backing up, restoring system & other databases as per requirements, and also scheduled those backups.  • Developed Star schema using SSAS cubes.  • Created parallel period, filter, ancestors and cross join MDX queries.  • Developed Aggregations, partitions and calculated members for cube as per business requirements.  • Involved in analyzing and designing disaster recovery / replication strategies with business managers to meet the business requirements.  • Designed Dimensional Modeling using SSAS packages for End-User. Created Hierarchies in Dimensional Modeling.  • Used SQL Server Profiler to trace the slow running queries and tried to Optimize SQL queries for improved performance and availability.    Environment: C#, ASP.NET, Erwin, XML, T-SQL, SQL Server 2012/2014, SQL Server 2012, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, VisualStudio.NET SQL Developer Vernovis - Cincinnati, OH January 2015 to January 2016 Responsibilities:  • Create and modify SQL Reports that relate to the client or department reporting  • Read and write Complex queries, ability to create the database objects (tables, views, stored procedures, User Defined Functions) and modify the existing reporting content.  • Involved in complete Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)process by analyzing business requirements and understanding the functional work flow of information from source systems to destination systems.  • Created volatile tables and partitioning the tables and responsible for supporting existing projects using Teradata SQL assistant tool.  • Developed and implemented SSIS 2012 ETL processes to load data from source files to target tables  • Migrated data from Heterogeneous Data Sources to SQL Server databases using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) to overcome transformation constraints.  • Worked on Onboarding the WMS (Warehouse Management System) Oracle data and landed the data tables on our production SQL Server with process indexing and considering other constraints.  • Generated periodic reports based on the statistical analysis of the data from various time frame and division using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)  • Designed, Developed and Deployed reports in MS SQL Server environment using SSRS-2012 R2  • Developed and responsible for development of Dashboards in Tableau  • Developed various Drill-throughand Drill-Down custom reports using .Net framework within SSRS  • Developed different kind of reports such as Sub Reports, Charts, Matrix reports,Linked reports. Used cascaded parameters to generate a report from two different Data Sets.  • Productions support, troubleshooting's and debugging in a high-volume transaction processing environment  • Support existing projects over the holiday season to ensure the business had all the data and reports available  • Apply business and database analysis skill to gain deep understanding of user's needs  • Aid in the definition and creation of solutions that meet the needs of our users  • Understand complex business processes, gather requirements, work efficiently and verify their results  • Assume an increasingly active role in computer systems design    Environment: MS SQL Server 2012R2, SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), SQL Server Analysis services (SSAS), SQL Server Integration services (SSIS), Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS), MS Excel, MS Access, Windows XP, SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS) SQL Database Developer The Zidian Group February 2014 to December 2014 Responsibilities:  • Involved in the Requirement Analysis, Design phase and Development phase of Agile SDLC model system.  • Developed various T-SQL objects such as Functions, Tables, Views, Triggers, Indexes, Constraints and created Dynamic and Static Stored Procedures and Queries to develop Decision Engine.  • Developed, monitored and deployed SSIS packages for Dynamic ETL flow to validate, extract, transform and load data into database.  • Performed Full load & Incremental load with several Data flow tasks and Control Flow Tasks using SSIS.  • Involved in the Migration of Databases from SQL Server 2008 to SQL Server 2012.  • Developed and implemented SSIS 2012 ETL processes to load data from source files to target tables  • Worked on OLAP Data warehouse, Model, Design and Implementation.  • Maintained Batch logging, Error logging tables and handled errors using Event handlers.  • Created SSIS package to Export and Import data from SQL Server to Access, Text and Excel files and Configured SQL mail agent for sending automatic mails.  • Developed reports and deployed them on server using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).  • Developed Parameterized, Drill-through and Drill-down Reports to get monthly customers account details and profits using SSRS.  • Sound Experience and understanding of SSAS, OLAP and OLTP cube, Data mining and Architecture.  • Involved in deploying, configuring and managing reports using Report Manager and Report Builder.  • Formatted the reports using the Global variables and expressions.  • Scheduling the SSIS packages and Jobs.  • Improved Performance by creating Clustered and Non- Clustered Indexes and by optimizing the T-SQL statements using SQL profiler.  Environment:MS SQL Server 2012, T-SQL, Power pivot, Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Microsoft SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS), SQL Server Business Intelligence Development Studio), Visual Source Safe (VSS). SQL Developer California Creative Solutions - Poway, CA February 2013 to January 2014 Responsibilities:  • Gathered functional requirements and Business requirements and written the technical specifications for building the Global Enterprise Data warehouse.  • Worked closely with end users in designing and creating the Global Enterprise Data warehouse.  • Implemented member properties, virtual dimension, dimension custom rollups, write back, action and drill through.  • High Level Design of ETL DTS Package for integrating data from heterogeneous sources (Excel, CSV, Oracle, flat file, Text Format Data).  • Generated periodic reports based on the statistical analysis of the data using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).  • Created SSIS Packages using SSIS Designer for export heterogeneous data from OLE DB Source (Oracle), Excel Spreadsheet to SQL Server 2008.  • Created Drill-through, Drill-down, Cross-Tab Reports and Sub-Reports using RDL.  • Developed a multi-dimensional database (MDDB) and OLAP cube using SQL Server 2000 that stored and maintained the data.  • Implemented MS Analysis Services setup, tuning, cube partitioning, and dimension designing including hierarchical and slowly changing dimensions.  • Managed Up gradation ofDTS packages to SSIS packages.  • Involved in the complete data warehouse development life cycle and solely responsible for the design, development and maintenance of 8 cubes.  • Implemented transactional replication among different servers.  • Provided technical guidance and support to end-users by developing documentations required.  • Performed application and database code production pushes, following production release procedures.  • Performed production SQL release final verification procedure to production.  • Documented all database changes and follow and enforce change and release management processes.  • Audited and enforced database security, code and procedural standards.    Environment: MS SQL Server 2008, MS-Excel, DTS, Visual Studio.Net 2003 SQL Database Administrator/Developer HCL Technology - Chennai, Tamil Nadu May 2012 to January 2013 Responsibilities:  • Installed and maintained 2-Node (Active-Active) Clustering as a High availability solution.  • Implemented and maintained Database mirroring as a Disaster Recovery Solution.  • Installed, authored and managed reports using SQL Server 2008 Reporting Services.  • Analyzed the project environment and sub systems of the project and prepared a high-level documentation for application designing.  • Responsible for gathering business requirements, developing and reviewing of design documents.  • Did trouble shooting of Client connections, viewing error log and applications.  • Performed daily tasks including backup and restore by using SQL Server 2008 tools like SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Server Profiler, SQL Server Agent and Database Engine Tuning Advisor.  • Responsible for monitoring and making recommendations for performance improvement in hosted databases. This involved index creation, index removal, index modification, file group modifications and adding scheduled jobs to re-index and update statistics in databases.  • Developed and optimized database structures, stored procedures, Dynamic Management views, DDL triggers and user-defined functions.  • Transferred data (ETL) to Data ware house Environment using SSIS.  • Used Data Partitioning, Snapshot Isolation in SQL Server 2008  • To analyze long running queries and tune the same to optimize application and system performance.  • Maintained the database consistency with DBCC at regular intervals.  • Involved in development activities included hardware and network specification, installation and configuration and participation in database design, architecture and SQL scripting.    Environment: MS SQL Server 2008 Enterprise Edition, SSIS, SSRS and Windows Server 2003, MS Access. SQL Server Developer/SSIS developer SSP Group May 2011 to March 2012 Responsibilities:  • Developed end to end ETLs for transactional data flow from the source system to the end tables.  • Took ownership of various Sprints and managed to provide the user cases individually within the deadline.  • Maintained the Defect Tracker for the team to ensure timely and correct handling of data issues.  • Independently developed new applications which considerably reduced the Turnaround Time (TAT) for the team.  • Interacted directly with users across the EMEA region and resolved complex PRD data issues.  • Analyzed and subsequently raised Change Requests for bug fixes in ETL and SQL.  • Mentored new entrants into the team, providing them adequate support and technical help.  • Prepared and updated documentation for major changes in the system landscape, which was subsequently used across various teams.    Environment: MS SQL Server 2008 Enterprise Edition, SSIS, SSRS and Windows Server 2003, MS Access Education Bachelor's Additional Information Technical Skills:    Database: SQL Server 2016, 2014, 2012, 2008R2, 2008 T-SQL Programming, Dynamic SQL, C#.Net  Data Modeling: ER-win, MS Visio  Development Tools: BIDS, SSDT, SSMS Integration Services (SSIS) Analysis Services (Multidimensional/Tabular Model) Reporting Services (SSRS, Report Builder)  BI Tools: Power BI, Power Pivot, Tableau  Source Control: Team Foundation Server (TFS)  SDLC: Agile, Scrum, Waterfall, and Spiral SharePoint, PerformancePoint Services
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1428.html#478:::Support Engineer;Support Engineer;Jr Oracle Database Administrator/Business Application Support;• PHP • Python • JavaScript • Oracle Database/SQL/mySQL • AirWatch(BYOD) • Backups - RMAN • UNIX: IBM-AIX 6.1 …Wireshark/Nmap …Snort/Metaspoilt • ServiceNow • Citrix • Troubleshooting • BigFix • Linux/OpenSUSE • Xerox Self Serve • DNS/DHCP • Active Directory • Microsoft Dynamics • TCP/IP • Remote Services • Microsoft Exchange • VirtualBox;Tech Support;Active Directory;Linux:::Support Engineer Support Engineer System Analyst/Engineer Redmond, WA Available for immediate hiring Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Support Engineer NEC America - Irving, TX January 2018 to Present ·    Participated in full scale deployment of NEC hardware refresh for all 7-11 stores across the US  ·    Contributed in the implementation of new state of the art POS hardware, software, and network configuration and installation for over 9000 stores within the United States and Canada  ·    Conducted fault isolation in regard to diagnose and remediate network connectivity issues. Executed patches and troubleshoot problems, and escalated issues that needed further review  ·    Supervised more than 3 field technicians per night, and upgraded each store’s network communication system and other peripheral devices  ·    Trained 1 new hire Support Engineer Fujitsu - Richardson, TX January 2016 to December 2017 - Upgrading Staples servers nationwide US & Canada  - Upgrades from windows server 2003 to 2012 r2  - Install, configure, and update patches for POS devices and Xerox self-serve copiers  Performs essential functions required for effective system backup and restore.  - Conduct fault isolation in regards to diagnosing and remediating network connectivity issues.  - Troubleshoot or describe common networking and application protocols.   - Troubleshooting for customers to solve a specific customer need in collaboration with field teams  - Deployment of new software and make sure it is up and running.  - Flexibility to work in a 24/7 command center environment. Jr Oracle Database Administrator/Business Application Support Trust Bank ltd - Banjul 2007 to 2010 • Installed/maintained Oracle software on UNIX/Linux or Windows server platform  • Administered daily performance of oracle 10g databases, setup databases, monitored threat, captured  debugs, and made necessary modifications.  • Worked with partners in India to resolved complex databases issues  • Provided Technical Support to end users  • Data migration from workgroup to domain environment  • Active Directory installation/management team member  • Citrix installation/management team member  • Systems administration and general troubleshooting Education BS in Computer Information Systems Texas A&M University-Commerce - Commerce, TX August 2016 to May 2018 CE in Cyber security Npower Technology Corp/ El Centro college - Dallas, TX 2015 to 2016 AS in Computer Science Navarro College - Corsicana, TX 2011 to 2013 Skills • PHP • Python • JavaScript • Oracle Database/SQL/mySQL • AirWatch(BYOD) • Backups - RMAN • UNIX: IBM-AIX 6.1 …Wireshark/Nmap …Snort/Metaspoilt • ServiceNow • Citrix • Troubleshooting • BigFix • Linux/OpenSUSE • Xerox Self Serve • DNS/DHCP • Active Directory • Microsoft Dynamics • TCP/IP • Remote Services • Microsoft Exchange • VirtualBox, Tech Support, Active Directory, Linux Military Service Branch: US Army Reserve Service Country: United States Rank: E5 Present Certifications/Licenses Linux + December 2015 to Present Network + & Security + Certification in progress Additional Information Technically adept with practical experience in configuration, design, troubleshooting, maintenance, and support management. Possesses strong customer service skills and ability to multi-task. Highly dependable, motivated to learn and grow professionally. Proven the ability to review system capabilities, workflow, and scheduling limitations to determine optimal method to implement system changes and upgrades. Broad based knowledge and hand-on experience not limited to the following:  • Technical Support level 2 support  • Oracle Database/SQL/PLSQL  • Backups - RMAN  • UNIX: IBM-AIX 6.1   …Wireshark/Nmap …Snort/Metaspoilt  • ServiceNow  • Citrix  • Troubleshooting  • BigFix  • Linux/OpenSUSE  • Xerox Self Serve  • DNS/DHCP  • Active Directory  • Microsoft Dynamics  • TCP/IP  • Remote Desktop Services  • Microsoft Exchange  • VirtualBox
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1429.html#479:::Database administrator;Data analysis;Database;Ms sql server;Sql server;Oracle:::Database administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">administrator</span> Database administrator Germantown, MD Database Administrator and IT security expert with over 6 years of experience with extensive knowledge and proficiency in database design, monitoring & tuning, Migration, Upgrades, Backup & Recovery, Cloning, Replication, and Security Implementations. I am also proficient in an assortment of technologies including Oracle 10g, 11g and 12c, MySQL and MS SQL Work Experience Database administrator CSAAC May 2013 to Present • Created databases from Entity Relational Diagrams (ERD) in Forward Engineering using the Oracle SQL Developer to OFA Institution and finally to DB launch.  • System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) methodology for designing, analysis, development and implementation.  • Designed and implemented the ETL utilizing PL/SQL and Talend Administration Suite.  • Used range, hash and composite table partitioning which greatly decreased the DB_time and SQL Execution time. Also performed instance tuning by changing init.ora parameters and managed region parameters such as shared_pool_size and db_cache_size with the use of AMM and ASMM.  • Managed database security by creating, assigning appropriate roles and privileges to users depending on the user activity, auditing, and performing other security related tasks including Transparent Data Encryption.  • Used range, hash and composite table partitioning which greatly decreased the DB_time and SQL Execution  • Also performed instance tuning by changing init.ora parameters and managed region parameters such as shared_pool_size and db_cache_size with the use of Automatic Memory Management (AMM) and Automatic Shared Memory Management (ASMM).  • Installed and configured the Oracle Golden Gate software on Unix/Linux platform for both Unidirectional and Bidirectional replication  • Configured Oracle tools like SQL*Net to access the database across the network  • Configured and manage ASM instances on Oracle 11g and 12c  • Worked in a cross functional team that oversaw the Oracle RAC installation and configuration for Linux environments.  • Expert in working with PL/SQL including Procedures, Functions, Cursors and Triggers.  • Applied Oracle's quarterly Critical Patch Update (CPU/ PSU application) using Opatch utility to install, test, and deploy patches to all database instances  • Experience working on ORACLE EXADATA Machine X4-2 for the extreme performance of the database  • Created and managed pluggable databases in the multitenant container database of the Oracle 12c architecture  • Configured and manage CloudWatch alarms to monitor resources in AWS for Disk, Memory, and CPU utilization.  • Capacity planning (supported 3 tier architecture, planning of tables, indexes, tablespaces and databases) to allow for growth potential and analyze data growth trends for capacity and resources. Education Bachelor University of Maryland Eastern Shore - Princess Anne, MD Skills Data analysis, Database, Ms sql server, Sql server, Oracle Certifications/Licenses Oracle Certified Associate SQL Fundamental Additional Information SKILLS  • Excellent and effective teaming skills  • Experience with Database security  • Experience with data analysis / analytical reporting  • Experience MS SQL Server Management Studio  • Experience with Backup & Recovery using RMAN  • Installation, configuration and update of Oracle 11g and 12c using OUI, DBCA, DBUA  • Bilingual, Fluent in French and English.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\143.html#480:::Database Administrator;Lead QA Analyst;Database Administrator:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator - Adalante Healthcare Glendale, AZ Three years experience in MSSQL administration for a Fortune 500 company. Created and developed a variety of applications with a total revenue increase measured in the millions. Skilled at root-cause analysis and tackling new technical challenge. A self-motivated, driven, and adaptable person. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Administrator Adalante Healthcare - Phoenix, AZ August 2016 to Present • Served as sole database administrator for multiple SQL2012 servers containing HIPAA data, solely responsible for server configuration, backups, optimization, and support.  • Provided financial and other reports to executives in support of company needs. Reverse engineered existing queries from NextGen to provide complete rollups that could be viewed at one time.  • Installed and configured SSIS and SSRS on servers to support data analytics. Authored jobs and procedures to automate movement of data. Lead QA Analyst U-Haul International - Phoenix, AZ December 2015 to August 2016 • Supervised a team of three analysts performing issue research on complex technical issues and served as primary point of contact and research for a 100+ developers.  • Performed white-box testing and analysis on new development and performed impact analysis on existing frameworks, services, and applications to best utilize developer time.  • Created dynamic TFS queries to track QA effectiveness against release iterations and generate metrics for future improvement. Database Administrator August 2012 to December 2015 • Administrator for MSSQL 2005/2008/2012 servers comprising the core of company business, from a 13TB data warehouse to an 18,000 transaction/second OLTP database. Performed advanced indexing and optimization for the company's primary point-of-sale database and server.  • Authored advanced T-SQL procedures to accommodate development needs. Performed SQL monitoring to ensure smooth server operation. Achieved 99.9%+ server uptime on all servers.  • Experienced in schema usage, permission inheritance/chaining, linked server setup, backup/restore operations, and automated maintenance.  • Created WebService and database logic used to provide on-demand real-time inventory and customer management.  • Enhanced and supported and database logic used to provide on-demand scheduling for equipment rentals at a specific time and location. This service boosted rentals by 8%, and doubled reservations taken on the company website.  • Created and deployed SSIS packages to move and transform data as needed. Configured SSAS services, dimension tables, and fact tables for construction of cubes based on business data.  • Created and deployed dozens of SSRS reports backed by intricate data logic to serve highly filtered and business-appropriate data to all parts of the company. Education Art Studies Arizona State University 2016 to Present General Studies Gateway Community College 2014 to 2016 Additional Information Technical Skills  T-SQL, PL/SQL, MSSQL2000 - MSSQL2012, C#, WCF, ASP.NET, jQuery, Visual Basic, Redgate SQL Compare, Redgate SQL Data Compare, PostgreSQL, MySQL, Oracle 9d, Oracle 11g, Toad for Oracle, Microsoft SQL Profiler, Linux, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, CrystalReports, Windows Server 2003/2008, Regular Expressions, Team Foundation Server  Available On Request
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1430.html#481:::Product Development Administrator Director;Trust & Safety Specialist;Database Specialist & ComplianceWire Administrator;Core Team Member;Quality Assurance Specialist;Drug Safety;Investigation;Fraud Prevention;Investigator:::Product Development Administrator Director Product Development <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Director Fraud and Database Specialist Los Angeles, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Product Development Administrator Director Eastridge Workforce Solutions / The Honest Company - Playa Vista, CA 2019 to 2019 • Liaison between internal Quality Management, Contract Manufacturing Operators, and Specialized Department for specification creation and changes.  • Create and transfer product specification from old template to new template per standard operation procedure purposes and tracking.  • Own process from transfer of information of template through internal approval with signatures to completion to COM, totaling 180 specifications completed from several product departments.  • Internal audits on current Box database specifications and updated existing specifications to be in current standings as the new specification input and created into the system.  • Research products material origins to ensure that the materials used and acquired were from vendor locations that shared the company statements and values of clean ingredients and safe labor practicing laws.   • Upload and create new registrations into WERC's UL system online and maintain current registrations.   • Maintain WERC's google sheet with updates for clear communication with sales team on registration status to completion into stores.  • Maintain current products in the packaging lab. Work with product managers to create protocol for sample/prototype retention in packaging lab and R&D areas.   • Conduct queries, manage, and monitor internal Box database daily.  Trust & Safety Specialist eHarmony Inc - Los Angeles, CA 2015 to 2018 • Complete incident case work independently, following department and company guidelines.  • Review, investigate, and communicate with customers regarding fraud and risk issues.  • Complete incident case work independently, following department and company guidelines.  • Document case findings and investigation outcomes via dossiers, ad-hoc reports and system notes.  • Document incident work performed in a clear and concise manner using required applications and tools.  • Research behavior trends, identify root cause, and recommend solutions to resolve customer issues.  • Proactively identify possible risks to eHarmony or eHarmony's customers and communicate to management.  • Demonstrate subject-level expertise in fraud prevention and investigation.  • Demonstrate proficiency in Customer Care systems (RightNow, Admin).  • Actively participate in team activities/meetings by generating ideas and offering solutions to problems faced.  • Provide feedback on new system implementations, new processes and current policies and procedures.  • Perform User Acceptance Testing related to project and new system implementations. Database Specialist & ComplianceWire Administrator Kelly Services/Neutrogena - Los Angeles, CA 2013 to 2014 • Administer the electronic Learning Management System (ComplianceWire) with training completion data entry and archival of training records.  • Conduct analysis studies to determine training needs at the plant site to improve overall skill qualifications, productivity, quality, and audit readiness.  • Review department monthly budget for new hire training to maintain cost.  • Retrained existing employees on updated local, global, and FDA standard operating procedures.  • Edit and update functional role task analysis for improvements and documentation.  • Assign training assignments and curriculum for job functions and roles.  • Collect and enter supporting training data and documents into ComplianceWire.  • Generated training reports and forms for new and existing procedures site wide.  • Analyze data and metrics for trends for site wide communications.  • Created and executed the Training Department's Records Retention Program for archival of training records and documents for storage at Iron Mountain to ensure compliance with all legal and regulatory requirements.  • Oversee and provided all department staff with effective, easy to use processes for maintaining and retrieving information important to department operations.  • Conduct queries, manage and monitor ComplianceWire database as needed. Core Team Member Organizing For America - Culver City, CA 2012 to 2012 • Registered California residents to vote, via voting polls and absentee ballot voting.  • Educate new registered voters about voting, updates to current voting procedures, and essential values to voting based on individual stature.  • Collected donations and campaign funds for the organization by securing voter's signatures, voting education classes, appointments, and other voting polls initiatives during election.  • Organized phone bank setups at multiple locations for cold calls to battleground states. Quality Assurance Specialist MySpace.com/Fox Interactive Media - Beverly Hills, CA 2007 to 2011 • Documented processes and procedures and editing existing procedures that facilitate a standard level of support.  • Participate in analysis studies to determine training needs within the organization in order to improve overall skills, productivity, and quality.  • Assisted in the development and editing of existing work policies, processes and procedures.  • Created instructions, reference manuals, and training materials.  • Research and recommended solutions that helped improve company documentation efficiency, training, and learning management.  • Evaluated and tested software programs and software development procedures.  • Collaborate with subject-matter experts and management team to develop course specifications and gather course content.  • Coordinated and collaborated with Ad and Sales Departments to ensure ads meet advertising material specifications and align to policy (terms of service) during its run.  • Quality Assurance all campaign elements and ads (pre and post launch).  • Recommended program improvements and corrections to programmers.  • Trained new employees on the procedures of the team.  • Conducted audits to measure individual, departmental, and vendor responsibilities.  • Communicated new department guidelines to team and third party vendors.  • Restructured and improved the department's daily audit report. Education American Broadcasting School - Tulsa, OK 2000 to 2002 Spartan School of Aeronautics - Tulsa, OK 1999 to 2000 Hanahan High School - Hanahan, SC 1999 Skills Drug Safety, Investigation, Fraud Prevention, Investigator Additional Information Comprehensive computer skills using a variety of programs, such as Microsoft Word, Excel, Access, ComplianceWire, Outlook, Overlord, Oracle, Salesforce, RightNow, and Vendor Portals. Possesses strong customer service and communications skills. Very organized and can handle multiple tasks at once.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1431.html#482:::Database Administrator;SQL Developer;Computer Support Specialist;Programmer Analyst;Quality Assurance Analyst;SQL (4 years);C# (1 year);SSIS (Less than 1 year);Sql Server;T-SQL;Sql Database;ETL;TSQL;SSRS;DBA:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> SQL Developer Jonesboro, AR Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Administrator East Arkansas Community College - Forrest City, AR April 2019 to Present • Maintains SQL server databases and SQL server security permissions for the entire school.  • Automated an email notification system by using SQL Server's built-in mail profile and stored procedures that pulls users whom passwords have expired or are expiring in SQL Server that has decreased help desk calls by 80%.  • Automated a daily process that pulls data using SSIS that outputs a CSV file for other school applications to process.  • Leads software upgrades for the Jenzabar and PowerFAIDS software.  • Built an EDI tab-delimited CSV file that pulls student information and automated the file creation using SSIS that uploads to National Student Clearinghouse to validate degrees. SQL Developer Star Transportation LLC - Jonesboro, AR September 2017 to January 2019 • Developed an in-house C# program with a SQL database to store truck and driver records, view truck preventative maintenance logs, and export data to a CSV for auditing that has increased work efficiency by 90%.  • Updated current C# and SQL code to the client's requirements.  • Successfully develop and maintain complex queries utilizing temp tables, window functions, and CTE's.  • Develop stored procedures in SQL that allow invoice data to be extracted in the form of CSV and Excel files to clients.  • Performed requirements gathering with clients and supervisors to ensure the correct data is in the correct format and extracted from the database.  • Successfully manages and completes multiple SQL projects simultaneously before their deadlines.  • Create SSIS packages to automate daily SQL data pulls, output and split the data into unique flat file naming conventions and upload the file using the built-in FTP task.  • Used execution plans to determine bottlenecks in queries.  • Created multiple indexes on multiple tables to improve query performance by 80%. Computer Support Specialist Arkansas State University - Jonesboro, AR May 2017 to August 2017 • Utilized a Mac with Windows on VMware to assist and solves issues from 13,000 plus users, including students and faculty.  • On more than one occasion have been complemented on how thorough my problem solving and patience is when dealing with complex issues.  • Thoroughly explained technical solutions to users and train them if they need assistance  • Successfully pushed a fix to reword the college's reset password security page that decreased call volume by 20%.  • Successfully automated a desktop application to retrieve over 200 records from an API and merging the differences.  • Successfully automated ways to clear the database on every execution and automatically populates the SQLite flat file with current data as well as test data.  • Using web debugging tools such as Fiddler and Postman to perform GET, PUT, POST and DELETE.  • Developed a password saving desktop application that requires users to sign in.  • The application performs CRUD operations with an SQLite for portability and ease of use. Programmer Analyst Rural Sourcing Inc - Jonesboro, AR March 2014 to March 2017 • Created content with WordPress Family Crisis Center that successfully allowed them to access and manipulate their content.  • Successfully trained volunteers from Family Crisis Center in WordPress.  • Implemented the design of RSI's choose a charity holiday card with JavaScript/jQuery validation that successfully allowed all clients to choose a charity they preferred.  • Utilized daily sprint meetings with clients that created a high success rate of ticket completion.  • Designed a responsive social media mock webpage using bootstrap.  • Developed a simple validation page using JavaScript and HTML/CSS. Quality Assurance Analyst Rural Sourcing Inc - Jonesboro, AR February 2012 to March 2014 • Analyzed and documented software bugs for my client R.J. Reynolds Tobacco company.    • Compatibility, functional, regression, negative, and testing for the Accenture CAS software.  • Successful tier 2 end-user technical support for 1,300 users.  • Utilized and repaired MSSQL Servers that allowed field users to communicate to their company's servers successfully.  • Performed basic search queries to narrow down and correct client records. Education B.S. in Computer and Info. Technology Arkansas State University - Jonesboro, AR Skills SQL (4 years), C# (1 year), SSIS (Less than 1 year), Sql Server, T-SQL, Sql Database, ETL, TSQL, SSRS, DBA Links https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC47Eqf_qX4cb8O6um1kkG9g Assessments Technical Support Skills — Highly Proficient February 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/fa9era6ignwbakia Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Completed Projects  • A Password Saver application that has a flat file database back-end to add, update and delete website passwords.  • Catch a Dish – A web-based search engine for recipes. Technologies utilized are MVC, VueJS, a web API, and MSSQL backend.  • ETL – Using SSIS with the Adventure Works database to extract, transform and load data into flat/excel files.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1432.html#483:::Sr SQL Server Database Developer/ Administrator;SQL Server Developer;Database Developer;Database;Sql server;Sql server 2012;Mysql;Oracle;T-SQL;SSRS;ETL;Ssis;Sql Database:::Sr SQL Server Database Developer/ Administrator Sr SQL Server <span class="hl">Database</span> Developer/ <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Sr SQL Server Database Developer/ Administrator - Dominion Enterprises, VA, Norfolk Norfolk, VA • Almost 7 years of professional experiences in database development in Microsoft SQL Server 2008, 2008 R2 and 2012.  • Hands on experiences in various programming languages as MS SQL, Oracle and Python and C#.  • Hands on experience in writing T-SQL queries, Stored Procedures, User Defined Functions (UDF), Cursors, Derived Tables, Views and Triggers.  • Hands on knowledge on maintaining database support tools, database tables and dictionaries and recovery and back-up procedures  • Performance Tuning and Optimization of SQL script.  • In-depth knowledge of Transact-SQL (DDL, DML and DQL).  • Advance knowledge in RDBMS concepts, logical/physical data models.  • Able to install, upgrade and configure of Microsoft SQL Server Databases.  • Strong hands on experiences in SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) for making various packages for data integration from various sources.  • Experienced in designing Data Model and Building reports using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).  • Experienced in Extraction, Transformation and Loading (ETL) in SQL Server database.  • Knowledge of Oracle 10g Database and PL/SQL.  • Strong analytical, problem solving and troubleshooting skills.  • Able to work collaboratively, quickly understand system architecture and business needs while committed to achieving corporate goals.  • Good verbal and written communication skills. Positive attitude towards superiors & Peers.  • Ability to work independently and in large team environment.  • Quick learner and good performer both in team and independent job environments. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr SQL Server Database Developer/ Administrator Dominion Enterprises, VA, Norfolk April 2017 to Present Dominion Enterprises is a leading marketing services company serving real estate, apartments, automotive and travel.  Responsibilities:  • Creating tables, stored procedures, views, functions, indexes and modify them as per business requirements for forrent.com.  • Writing T-SQL Script, Complex Custom Query, Merge statements, Joins, pre-deployment scripts in SQL Server 2012 and 2008R2 and post-deployment Scripts in SQL Server Data Tool (SSDT) 2012.  • Maintaining database support tools, database tables and dictionaries and recovery and back-up procedures.  • Installing different version of SQL Servers as 2008, 2008 R2, SQL Server 2012, SQL Server 2014.  • Building SSIS package and modify it using SSDT.  • Run SQL jobs and SSIS package.  • Writing SQL scripts in SSMS and execute directly in production.  • Assisting Quality Assurance Engineers for Testing.  • Participating various meetings as a part of Agile Software Development Life Cycle  • Participated various periodical database security trainings, various project workshops, peer programming.  • Performed Code Review in the SSDT for maintaining coding standard.  Environment:- MS SQL Server 2012, MS SQL Server 2014, Windows Server 2008, SQL Server Data Tools (SSDT) 2012, Reporting Services 2012, Visual Studio 2012, UNIX, MS Access07, Sharepoint, JIRA, TRACK, MongoDB, Google Hang out, MS Excel, MS Word, Team Foundation Server(TFS), Integration Services 2012. SQL Server Developer Med Assurant, Inc - Herndon, VA February 2015 to March 2017 Med Assurant is a healthcare technology company.  Responsibilities:  • Creating database objects like tables, view, stored procedures, and writing T-SQL script as per business requirements.  • Installation and Configuration of SQL Server 2012, 2014.  • Creating SSIS packages and modify them as per business requirements.  • Fine tuning of the database queries. Creating appropriate indexes for code optimization.  • Migrated data across different data sources and SQL server environments.  • Wrote complex queries, correlated sub queries and joined tables.  • Working within an Agile SDLC process.    Environment:- MS SQL Server 2012, Windows Server 2012, Visual Studio 2008, 2012, Reporting Services 2012, Windows 2000 / XP, Visual Studio 2012, MS Access07, Sharepoint, Mainframe, TRACK, Google Hang out, MS Excel, MS Word. Database Developer CoStar Group, Inc - Norfolk, VA January 2013 to December 2014 CoStar Group, Inc. provides information, analytics and marketing services to the multifamily and commercial real estate industry  Responsibilities:  • Creating tables, views, and T-SQL script to retrieve data for identifying data discrepancies and to support data analysis as per business requirements.  • Building SSIS packages as per requirements and modify the packages.  • Installation and Configuration of SQL Server 2008.  • Schedule database restore using SSMS.  • Fine tuning of the database queries. Creating appropriate indexes for better performance plans.  Environment: MS SQL Server 2008, MS, 2012, Windows Server 2007, SSRS 2008, BIDS 2008, MS Access07, Sharepoint, TRACK, Google Hang out, MS Excel, MS Word.    References will be provided upon request. Education Bachelor's Skills Database, Sql server, Sql server 2012, Mysql, Oracle, T-SQL, SSRS, ETL, Ssis, Sql Database
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1433.html#484:::Database Developer/ Administrator;Computer Maintenance;Computer Lab Maintenance;Software Engineer;Senior Programmer;Programmer;Sql Dba;Sql Server;Sql Database;Oracle Database;.NET;VB;SSIS;SSRS;DBA:::Database Developer/ Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> Developer/<span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator/Developer Falls Church, VA US CITIZENSHIP Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Developer/ Administrator Arcadia - Honolulu, HI January 2014 to March 2017 Installed, configured and maintained Microsoft SQL Server databases for Vision software. Vision software is an enterprise application suite managing a large scale retirement community and healthcare organization in Arcadia. It was comprised of several components:  ·        A financial module to handle billing, shipping, and payment of its vendors, residents, and staff.  ·        A healthcare module handles information related to their physician and nursing staff.  ·        The resident model generated reports on demographic profiles, nutritional information, medication services, and clinical data.    -Performed Windows and DB administration tasks – e.g. SQL Server database backup, performance monitoring and tuning, and privilege management for corporate headquarters.  -Developed ETL scripts (SSIS packages) to load data from application database into reporting database/data warehouse.  -Refreshed SQL Server databases from production to development, UAT and training servers on regular basis.  -Applied security patches and latest Microsoft Core updates on Windows and SQL Server instances to ensure compliance with cyber security policies.  -Analyzed complex SQL queries to ensure optimal retrieval time and CPU savings.  -Advised developers and architects on best methods on generating reports from data warehouse or OLAP databases.  -Maintained database architecture in data dictionaries, entity relationship documents, database design/requirement documents.  -Planned and upgraded databases from SQL Server 2008 R2 to SQL Server 2012.  -Participated in SCRUM/Agile teams to ensure database enhancements and requirements were implemented within each sprint.  -Worked with product manager and scrum master on level of efforts and scope of each ticket.  -Designed and developed key modules of Vision application via T-SQL codes, customized stored procedures, triggers, functions and views.  -Leveraged SSRS to create customized reports as plug-ins to Vision software.  -Used Business Intelligence Development Studio to develop client reports.  -Setup and configured Microsoft Reporting Services Server to host reports.  ·        Vaccination Report  ·        MealIntake Report (Bronze McKnight Award winner)  ·        Demographics Report  ·        Geriatric Functional Rating Scale(GFRS) Report  -Defined XML schemas and implemented XML format to generate data of resident information  -Developed and maintained SQL Server ad-hoc queries running on regular base  -Provided user support for PC, Mac, Printer and Office software.    Computer Maintenance Pacific Gateway Center - Honolulu, HI January 2012 to May 2012 -Maintained all corporate(Windows/Mac) computers were operational.        -Work with technical team on debugging and fixing service desk issues.        -Help with the accounting team on their day-to-day task and audit support. Computer Lab Maintenance Honolulu Community College - Honolulu, HI May 2008 to August 2008 -Responsible for maintaining Windows XP computer lab for students and facility.     -Supported user inquires and resolved issues from professors and students.     -Performed system maintenance and applied security patches to all computers on the network. Software Engineer Guangdong Guangxin Green Island Cement Company - Guangzhou, CN April 1998 to March 2001 -Job Order Maintain System (JOMS): Web application used to manage service desk entries for the company. It employed IIS 5.0 on Windows 2000 Server, SQL Server 7.0and Microsoft Transaction server (MTS).   -Performed requirement analysis, database design, and development.   -Responsible for the Visual Basic 6.0 codes of both client and server components and ASP/HTML codes.    -Computer Equipment Management System (CEMS): Web application used to keep track software, licenses, servers, and client, etc. Integrated with the SAP ERP system. It employed IIS 5.0 on Windows 2000 Server, SQL Server 7.0 and Microsoft Transaction server (MTS).       -Developed ASP/HTML code to provide a rich and fast front-end for users.      -Peer reviewed the code of fellow developers.    -Cement Strength Analyzing System (CSAS): Client/Server application based on MS SQL Server 7.0, Visual Basic 6.0 and VBA. This application also used ADO, RDO, Crystal Report 7.0 and True DBGrid.  -Maintained and enhanced back end SQL Server stored procedures and triggers.   -Material Planning System (MPS):Client/Server application used to manage the materials for producing cement. It was based on MS SQL Server 7.0, Visual Basic 6.0 and VBA. It also used ADO, RDO, Crystal Report 7.0 and True DBGrid. Senior Programmer XinYuCheng Computer Company - Guangzhou, CN May 1997 to April 1998 -Maintained company’s payroll system.  -Ensured all employee data, rate information, vacation/PTO, retirement funds, taxes are calculated correctly.  -Generated management and accounting reports for C-level review. Programmer Guangzhou Women and Children Hospital - Guangzhou, CN July 1996 to April 1997 Guangzhou, China  -Maintained Windows NT 4.0 LAN (TCP/IP) and the LAN-based Access 2.0 statistical application.  -Maintained Novell 4.1 LAN and LAN-based Foxpro 2.5 E-hospital application.  -Developed a program for analyzing woman and children data using Foxpro 2.6. Education A.S. in Accounting Kapiolani Community College - Honolulu, HI 2012 M.S. in Information System George Mason University - Fairfax, VA 2007 M.S. in Computer Science Southeastern University - Washington, DC 2004 B.E. in Computer Engineering Guangdong University of Technology - Guangzhou, CN 1996 Skills Sql Dba, Sql Server, Sql Database, Oracle Database, .NET, VB, SSIS, SSRS, DBA Certifications/Licenses MCSA SQL Server 2014/2012 MCAD .Net Developer Oracle Database SQL Certified Associate (12c)
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1434.html#485:::Account Services Assistant;Application Specialist;Technology and Database Coordinator;Database Administrator;Customer Service:::Account Services Assistant Account Services Assistant Account Services Assistant Fishers, IN Work Experience Account Services Assistant Hamilton Eastern Public Library - Fishers, IN August 2018 to April 2019 Completes a variety of clerical tasks dealing with the circulation of materials. Sort materials, process holds and update catalog. Application Specialist Hamilton Southeastern Schools - Indianapolis, IN September 1999 to October 2002 and in the childcare center at the Fishers YMCA.    Indianapolis Star - Indianapolis, Indiana  September 1999 - October 2002  Application Specialist - Work closely with our HR and Finance user communities to ensure that all of their needs are handled in an effective and friendly manner. Provide desktop and development support. Develop documentation for our team's technical reference and for the user community. Work with consultants for application conversion & implementation.  Training: Windows 2000 Advanced Server & Professional, Cyborg, Cognos Impromptu, Application/Scan Extender, ProComm Plus, SQL & SQL*LOADER, UNIX, AS/400, and Oracle Financial Applications, Lawson Financial Applications, WS FTP, and DOS. Technology and Database Coordinator Indianapolis, IN February 1999 to September 1999 Provided users applications support for headquarters and eight regional offices via one on one questions and creating documentation. Applications include Microsoft products, FaxServe, and Paradox. Other responsibilities included hardware/software inventory, researching/purchasing new products and coordinating consultants.  Training: Windows95 and 98, PowerPoint, Access, Word, and Excel. Database Administrator Indiana Chamber of Commerce - Indianapolis, IN September 1997 to February 1999 Managed customized TASS Database utilizing FoxPro Report Writer and primary contact with TASS for modifications and additions. Education Bachelor of Science in Parks and Recreation Administration in Parks and Recreation Administration Indiana University - Bloomington, IN State Tourism Office Certificate Indiana University School of Business Skills Customer Service
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1435.html#486:::IT Administrator/Data Entry Specialist, Database Administrators;Internet Help Desk;Active Directory;Exchange;Security;Cisco;Networking;firewalls;LAN;DNS;SQL;VPN:::IT Administrator/Data Entry Specialist, Database Administrators IT <span class="hl">Administrator</span>/Data Entry Specialist, <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrators</span> IT Administrator/Data Entry Specialist, Database Administrators West Des Moines, IA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Administrator/Data Entry Specialist, Database Administrators Ritter Insurance Marketing - Harrisburg, PA October 2011 to May 2019 Process medical insurance applications • Managed Insurance Data flowed that goes online for clients • Scrub applications to ensure completeness and accuracy of related information • Upload applications into Oracle System, and assign agent Upline info • Contact agents for any missing information needed to process the applications • Heavy use of Adobe PDF applications for insurance apps and contracts • Log application information into designated Excel spreadsheets • Process Commissions, Agent Licensing, and updates insurance rates for every company's Internet Help Desk CENTURYLINK - Carlisle, PA June 2011 to August 2011 202D Westminster Drive, Carlisle, PA  Internet Helpdesk Support Responsibilities: Troubleshoot internet connectivity issues in a high call volume, fast paced environment • Help customers with their internet connection via phone and/or remote access: Make sure customer has correct IP address, subnet mask, and default gateway • Ability to troubleshoot connections on both Windows and Apple OS • Check customer line stats using Webpro • Support customer to the best of my knowledge in a professional and courteous manner • Escalate calls to proper Tier when needed • Exercising time management to the fullest extent Education Associate's Degree in Computer Network Technology Kaplan Career Institute December 2010 Skills Active Directory, Exchange, Security, Cisco, Networking, firewalls, LAN, DNS, SQL, VPN
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1436.html#487:::Customer Support Supervisor;Database Review Administrator/Supervisor;Field Service Technician/Service Supervisor;SHAREPOINT;PRODUCTION SCHEDULING;SCHEDULING;BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT;TIME MANAGEMENT;EXCELLENT WRITTEN;EXCELLENT WRITTEN AND VERBAL COMMUNICATION SKILLS;WRITTEN AND VERBAL;GOAL ORIENTED;SUBJECT MATTER EXPERT;RELATIONSHIP BUILDING;TRAINING;MICROSOFT OFFICE:::Customer Support Supervisor Customer Support Supervisor Customer Support Supervisor - Consumer Cellular Glendale, AZ Work Experience Customer Support Supervisor Consumer Cellular - Phoenix, AZ September 2018 to Present • Organize, direct, and monitor daily activities of customer service representatives.  • Distribute workload to customer service team; monitor and review performance.  • Monitor service calls to observe customer service representatives' demeanor, technical accuracy, and conformity to company policies; provide feedback as needed.  • Monitor and analyze productivity of customer service representatives; generate reports based on analysis.  • Field questions from customer service representatives and clients; recommend corrective services to address customer complaints.  • Establish procedures, prepare and coordinate schedules, and expedite workflow.  • Compile status and work-volume reports for management.  • Maintain records of customer service requests and complaints.  • Train, motivate, and reward customer service representatives.    • Manage workers and resolves grievances.  • Possess and maintains thorough knowledge of Telecommunications industry product information.  • Prepare reports and correspondence as needed.  • Perform customer service representative duties as needed Database Review Administrator/Supervisor Paychex Corporation - Phoenix, AZ July 2016 to September 2018 • Performs general database administration activities, assist with DBA responsibilities on project teams and develops skills for database support  • Under guidance of another DBA, assists with installation and configuration of databases and database related software utilities to meet department needs  • Write SQL or OS scripts to be used to monitor and support database environments.  • Collect statistical data and perform analysis using well-defined procedure for capacity and performance monitoring  • Monitor progress against task estimates to provide status & assist with the database infrastructure build to meet project objectives  • Reviewed system design documents to understand assigned task Field Service Technician/Service Supervisor OMAX Corporation - Kent, WA September 2011 to July 2016 • Actively provided feedback for operational improvements to enhance quality, shorten production times and reduce costs  • Achieved personal and company goals by supporting production staff in order to meet benchmarks for completion  • Developed production tracking and quality control systems by analyzing quality, maintenance and operational reports to identify production issues  • Drafted a timescale for all jobs to ensure the most cost effective production methods were utilized  • Inspected finished products for quality and adherence to unique customer specifications  • Worked with management to implement the company's ongoing policies and goals  • Responsible for setting minimum standards and providing technical guidance and support for design, installation, operation and maintenance of mechanical systems used  • Calibrated or adjusted equipment to ensure quality standards using industry tools  • Travel domestic and internationally to customer sites for new machine installs as well as service and repair of existing equipment  • Ensure proper start up and shut down process with customers on site and troubleshoot any problems with equipment devices or software Education Bachelors of Computer Science in BCS University of Oklahoma - Norman, OK Skills SHAREPOINT, PRODUCTION SCHEDULING, SCHEDULING, BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT, TIME MANAGEMENT, EXCELLENT WRITTEN, EXCELLENT WRITTEN AND VERBAL COMMUNICATION SKILLS, WRITTEN AND VERBAL, GOAL ORIENTED, SUBJECT MATTER EXPERT, RELATIONSHIP BUILDING, TRAINING, MICROSOFT OFFICE Additional Information Skills and Strengths  ? Strong Team Leadership  ? Policy and Procedure Expert  ? Reporting Specialists  ? Partner Relationship Building  ? Business Development  ? Production Scheduling Familiarity  ? Training Specialists/Subject Matter Expert  ? Strategic Thinker    ? Research/Analysis/Evaluation  ? Goal oriented  ? Excellent written and verbal communication skills  ? Independent Worker  ? Time Management/Organization  ? Microsoft Office  ? SharePoint
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1437.html#488:::Business Analyst;SQL Database Administrator;Quality Assurance Analyst;Analyst;DATABASE;SQL SERVER;SQL;POWER BI;ECLIPSE:::Business Analyst Business Analyst Business Analyst - Mr. Cooper Frisco, TX • Over 7 years of experience as a Business Process Analyst, Reporting Analyst and SQL Database Administrator in healthcare IT and  Mortgage industry.  • Experience Installing configuring, upgrading, and maintaining databases.  • Creating various database objects and creating users with appropriate roles and levels of security.  • Having strong exposure on preparing technical documentation.  • Excellent knowledge of different Software Development Life Cycles (SDLC)including Agile and Waterfall Methodologies.  • A creative problem solver who rapidly adapts to changing demands.  • Analytical and detail-oriented and able to identify and implement process improvements that increase accuracy, consistency and  efficiency.  • Energetic self-starter with strong communication skills, works well independently or on a team. Work Experience Business Analyst Mr. Cooper October 2018 to Present • Meet with different business units to understand and improve their processes  • Create SIPOC, process maps, flow charts, and control reports for various business units to help identify process breaks  • Analyze and discuss the current processes with the business units to identify any RPA opportunities  • Responsible for gathering and documenting requirements  • Extracted data sets using T- SQL queries on SSMS for control reports  • Converted raw data from SQL and Excel into Power BI report and dashboards for management and business units  • Work closely with developers and project managers to meet the project deadlines and deliverables SQL Database Administrator NTT DATA Services January 2016 to October 2018 • Perform backup/restore based on client requirements  • Grant user access per client requests  • Serve as a primary database support 24/7 as well participate in on call schedule to resolve possible database issues  • Execute various DB Scripts per client request  • Collaborate with external auditors(Deloitte) to perform security audits  • Install/configure new SQL Server installations  • Maintain detailed documentation on system design, data tables, data mapping, configuration and settings  • Monitor activities, stabilizing environment, maximizing database functionality and performance  • Scheduled full, differential, and transactional log backups for user created databases in production environments.  • Perform regular monitor of servers, including monitor backup jobs and disk space  • Provide Tier 1 & Tier 2 Production support of databases that belong to multiple accounts in accordance with NTT Data Total Quality  Management, SLAs and IT best practices Quality Assurance Analyst Carlisle & Gallagher Consulting Group, Inc - Farmers Branch, TX September 2015 to January 2016 Contract)  • Supported the delivery of Advisory services for the top 10 U.S. bank in response to the Independent Foreclosure Review (IFR) as part of the 2011 OCC Consent Order  • Analyzed loan workbooks in various loan populations consisting of multiple investor types, l iquidation events, default statuses, and state  fee restrictions to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations  • Audited loan workbooks to ensure accuracy and mitigate financial harm to borrower  • Special tasks include internal Quality Assurance, Test Automation, User Acceptance Testing (UAT), and discovery findings for client. Analyst Bank of America - Plano, TX April 2010 to January 2015 • Created SharePoint solution to track production data input utilized by reporting partners and management  • Audit production pipeline to ensure data integrity between multiple systems including SharePoint and LPS  • Created daily reporting utilized by VP level management  • Assisted business support with creation of new processes  • Tracked, analyzed and interpreted trends in production data in SharePoint and Excel  RELAVANT COURSESWORK  Robotic Automation Developer  • Analyze the Feasibility of existing process suitable for automation  • Participate in group meetings to demonstrate the capabilities for RPA on -going project  • Experience in building UI Path processes and business projects for various business systems in multiple projects.  • Create end to end process automation using UI Path.  • Experience in creating Robots and configure them with local machine and virtual machine using UI Path Orchest rator.  • Create Environments and deploy Robots and process in Orchestrator.  Enterprise Resource Planning/SAP  • Supply Chain Software - completed graduate level course in which we studied various supply chain management planning and production  processes and completed lab assignments using commercially available software such as SAP ERP and Advanced Planning & Optimization  (APO).  Database Fundamentals  • Designed database based on organizational needs  • Created and managed database using Structured Query Language (SQL).  Programming in Java/Mobile Web Development  • Used Eclipse to write and run programs in Java Developed programming skills using various programming techniques  • Designed mobile web application using programming knowledge and languages such as PHP, HTML and Java. Education Bachelors of Science in Supply Chain Management and Information Technology & Systems in Supply Chain Management The University of Texas at Dallas - Richardson, TX May 2015 Skills DATABASE, SQL SERVER, SQL, POWER BI, ECLIPSE Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/ameen-syed-4500666a
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1438.html#489:::Linux System Administrator;Linux System Administrator;Oracle Database Application Support - Graduate Assistant;LINUX;UNIX;VIRTUALIZATION;VMWARE;MYSQL:::Linux System Administrator Linux System <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Linux System Administrator - Multimedia Genius, Inc Upper Marlboro, MD Work Experience Linux System Administrator Multimedia Genius, Inc - Laurel, MD October 2015 to Present • Installed, deployed CentOS, Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6.x/7.x in test/dev and prod environments. Also installed packages and patches for Red Hat Linux Servers when required.  • Implement virtualization technologies such as installing, configuring and administering VMware vSphere, AWS cloud, Oracle Cloud Infrastructure, etc.  • Provision enterprise infrastructure on Amazon Web Services (AWS) including EC2, ELB, EBS, S3, Auto-Scaling, AMI, RDS, IAM, VPC, CloudWatch, Cloud Trail etc.  • Perform day-to-day operational maintenance of test/dev and prod Linux servers. Respond to support requests and incidents using ServiceNow ticketing system.  • Installed and configured DevOps tools such as Ansible configuration management tool, Git, Jenkins for DevOps environment.  • Developed automated processes that run daily or periodically to check disk usage and perform clean-up of file systems on Linux environments using shell scripting and CRON.  • Install, configure and maintained Apache web servers and WebSphere Application Servers in RHEL and CentOS environment.  • Installed, configured and maintained a LAMP Stack on RHEL environment.  • Monitoring System Performance, managing swap space, disk utilization and CPU utilization to ensure optimum performance and uptime.  • Installed, configured and maintained Nagios monitoring tool in Red Hat Enterprise Linux environment.  • Investigate and research servers related issues, determine impact, and provide remediation and document Root Cause Analysis (RCA) when required.  • Working experience with Ansible configuration management tool, GitHub version control tool and Jenkins continuous integration, continuous deployment tool in DevOps environment.  • Working knowledge of containerization using Docker.  • Working Knowledge of networking (TCP/IP, Ethernet), FTP, NFS, NIS, DNS, DHCP, SNMP and RAID levels.  • Remediate security vulnerabilities in the environment by maintaining relevant chains of iptables rules and SELinux on production servers.  • Performed extensive Logical Volume Management (LVM) and disk management tasks.  • Analyzed daily system monitoring logs, verified the integrity and availability of all hardware and server resources, and reviewed system and application logs.  • Identified user problems and worked within a structured problem management and resolution process to remediate them within established SLAs.  • Provided support for server and workstation upgrades, backup and disaster recovery monitoring.  • Managed users and groups using LDAP and IAM servers. Assign file access privileges, ACLs, changing users and groups ownership and modifying the file permissions using command line utilities per the requirement. Linux System Administrator Ronchess International - New York, NY June 2012 to September 2015 • Perform general CentOS & Red Hat Linux System administration, security patching, OS upgrades, troubleshooting, while ensuring maximum performance and uptime.  • Built, implemented and maintained system-level software packages such as OS, clustering, disk, file management, backup, web applications, DNS, and LDAP.  • Configured volume groups and logical volumes. Extended logical volumes for file system growth using Logical Volume Manager (LVM).  • RPM and YUM package installations, patching and other server management routines.  • Implemented firewall rules for new servers to enable communication with applications.  • Monitored and optimized server performance using various stat commands such as top, vmstat, iostat and kernel tuning.  • Developed cron jobs and Shell Scripts for automating administration tasks like file system management, process management, etc.  • Installation and configuration of Web server (Apache 2.2.17), MySQL 5.5 and PHP in a LAMP stack.  • Setup and manage password-less key-based ssh authentications on servers.  • Provision and configure Linux Repository.  • Users and account support such as resetting passwords, adding and removing users with various privileges and access levels on AWS IAM, local and LDAP servers.  • Provisioning of servers using AWS cloud platform such as, launching EC2, RDS, creating security groups, auto-scaling, load balancers (ELBs) in the defined virtual private connection.  • Orchestrated Linux automation with Cron Job.  • Day-to-day servers' maintenance, responding to service request and incidents management using Jira ticketing system. Oracle Database Application Support - Graduate Assistant UMES, MD March 2010 to May 2012 • Planning, installation, configuration, management and troubleshooting of Oracle 10g and 11g databases on Linux and Windows OS.  • Performed Oracle database Upgrade and Migration from Oracle to 10g to 11g.  • Performed database upgrade from 10201 to 10204.  • Installation and management of Oracle database using Grid and database control.  • Installation and application of several Oracle critical patches to various database versions.  • Monitor, optimize and allocate physical data storage for database systems.  • Install and configure relevant network components to ensure database access as well as database consistency and integrity.  • Establish, implement and maintain comprehensive Oracle database maintenance plans.  • Developed, implemented and maintained an Enterprise Oracle backup, recovery and disaster recovery strategy.  • Implemented the use of Oracle Recovery Manager (RMAN) to back up the databases.  • Performed import and export as needed and scheduled nightly export on each database.  • Perform various RMAN cold and hot backups.  • Troubleshoot and resolve various Oracle problems such as connectivity problems, backup and performance issues.  • Perform maintenance and related preventative maintenance on databases.  • Providing Oracle network troubleshooting, technical and administrative duties.  • Create and manage documentation on the configuration and support of the Oracle databases.  • Perform bulk load into the database using SQL loader.  • Tune the database and applications for faster and better performance; also performing goal-oriented tuning as necessary.  • Develop and enforce database related policies, standards, naming conventions, operating procedures and best practices.  • Develop a strategic plan for the database development that supports the organizations operational requirements. Education M. S. in Applied Computer Science University of Maryland Eastern Shore - Princess Anne, MD 2012 Skills LINUX, UNIX, VIRTUALIZATION, VMWARE, MYSQL Additional Information Technical Skills    Language:  Java, C++, C, Perl, Bash Shell Script, YAML, HTML, SQL    Cloud/Virtualization:  VMware, AWS Cloud, Oracle Cloud Infrastructure.    Databases:  Oracle 11g. MySQL, PostgreSQL    OS:  Linux, Fedora, UNIX, MAC OS
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1439.html#490:::Consultant - Supply Chain Management;Global Strategic Sourcing Consultant;MBA Supply Chain Consultant/Project Manager;Sourcing Analyst;SQL Database Administrator;Supply Chain;Logistics;Apics;Procurement;SCM:::Consultant - Supply Chain Management Consultant - Supply Chain Management Supply Chain Consultant Germantown, MD Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Consultant - Supply Chain Management Stanley Black & Decker - Towson, MD June 2019 to Present • Lead strategic sourcing, contract negotiations, and supply chain program management for closures and lighting commodities.  • Analyze, develop, and deliver end-to-end supply chain solutions development for local-based clients.  • Conduct supplier and supply market analysis and provide insights to sourcing management teams.  • Initialize and manage RFIs and RFQs for vendors of core items with top spend.  • Manage Agile projects in a Waterfall culture by focusing on transparent communication and prioritizing deliverables by business  value. Global Strategic Sourcing Consultant MetLife - Cary, NC June 2018 to August 2018 • Researched and analyzed 502 sourcing projects with total cost savings of $6.3 million for MetLife Asia. Research completed led to the discovery of inaccurate savings of $1.1 million.  • Utilized Excel and Tableau to conduct data analysis on Asia procurement tracker exported from SharePoint. Data analysis  identified inconsistencies, opportunities, and aided in providing a recommendation for project deployment.  • Presented strategic recommendations to MetLife Asia executives to employ internal systems along with ARIBA to increase  business efficiencies and ensure validity of savings negotiated by procurement or from any other sourcing activity.  • Created and executed requests for information (RFI), requests for quotes (RFQ) and requests for proposal (RFP) together with structured information analysis. MBA Supply Chain Consultant/Project Manager A.T. Kearney - Washington, DC January 2018 to April 2018 Mobilized a team of six student consultants to create a Microsoft Excel inventory tool that manages data for parts worth $500  million used across Dell's Procurement and Global Materials organizations.  • Implemented thresholds that either eliminated, reviewed, or maintained data sets. Thresholds allowed Dell to categorize parts more  efficiently and reduce inventory errors/costs by 25%.  • Built relationships with suppliers and led internal stakeholder groups to manage supplier performance against business  requirements and metrics. Monitored and reported improvements in supplier performance. Sourcing Analyst Stanley Black & Decker - Towson, MD 2014 to 2017 • Administered 50+ domestic SAP VMI scheduling agreements that resulted in cost reductions of over $280K.  • Identified and modified outstanding POs to ensure required stock levels. Successfully reduced costs by 15%.  • Influenced business process related decisions, offering solution alternatives for optimization, simplification, and standardization.  • Facilitated meetings with vendors, stakeholders, and contracting team to support the implementation of all savings initiatives.  • Presented detailed supplier and supply market analysis to management, including changes in technology and pricing trends. SQL Database Administrator Varen Technologies - Columbia, MD 2011 to 2014 • Resolved 80 complaints regarding reduced system performance, data redundancy, and data duplication.  • Generated first-in-class sourcing deliverables and shared best practices to colleagues throughout internal supply chain partners.  • Produced a strategic database maintenance plan to improve data efficiency. Plan reduced maintenance time by 20%, decreased  annual maintenance fee by $40,000, and increased database performance by 30%. Education Master of Business Administration in Supply Chain and Strategic Management Howard University School of Business - Washington, DC May 2019 MBA in Graduate Assistant Howard University 2017 to 2019 Bachelor of Business Administration in Information Systems Howard University School of Business - Washington, DC December 2014 Skills Supply Chain, Logistics, Apics, Procurement, SCM Certifications/Licenses MCSA November 2016 to Present
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\144.html#491:::Database Administrator;Principal Engineer;Production Database Administrator;Toastmasters and experienced community speaker (10+ years);Instructor Continuing Eduication Oracle Fundamentals (7 years):::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Huntsville, AL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Administrator Interfuse Infopro - Huntsville, AL August 2016 to January 2017 Oracle 12c Database development including table design, loading data, PL/SQL development of stored procedures, SQL Loader, development in Toad, data migration from Oracle 11g, and development of data quality procedures for critical infrastructure applications previously owned by the Office of Homeland Security. Principal Engineer TekSystems / General Dynamics IT - Montgomery, AL August 2015 to July 2016 SQL Server Database  Enterprise Server operations for Army Metering Program Included Operations, backup and recovery, setting up offsite cold backup and pre-production servers. Integration of new data in ETL procedures. Security implementation of DISA stigs, Total Data Encryption (TDE), day to day monitoring and implementing scheduling of key processes. Enterprise server receives data from 100+ gateways 24/7. Team received one of the first RMF certification for our system. Production Database Administrator Insight Global / Hewlett Packard - Fort Knox, KY January 2014 to July 2015 Production Database Administration Tasks for +50 databases:  • Datapump, back up and recovery   • Dataguard  • Cron job setup, Kornshell scripting  • Security and STIG compliance updates of database configurations  • Monitoring, backup and restore of development, test and production   • RMAN administration Education Management and Public Policy in Management and minor in Management Information Systems Carnegie Mellon University - Pittsburgh, PA August 1984 to June 1986 Metallurgical Engineering in Mineral Processing Metallurgy and Extractive Metallurgy Colorado School of Mines - Golden, CO September 1972 to May 1976 Skills Toastmasters and experienced community speaker (10+ years), Instructor Continuing Eduication Oracle Fundamentals (7 years) Certifications/Licenses Oracle Certified Professional Database Administrator November 1999 to November 2016 I could have retaken one exam to update to current last year. I chose not to do that. Groups Toastmasters International December 1979 to June 2014 Held a number of offices President, Treasurer, VP Education, VP Promotions. Spoke many times in the Huntsville community. Optimist International August 2013 to June 2014 Served on Board, left Optimists because I had a job out of town,
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1440.html#492:::Project 90 - Office Administrator;Aeroktek Temp;Office Administrator;Database and linguistics Engineer;Marketing and instructor Coordinator:::Project 90 - Office Administrator Project 90 - Office <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Project 90 - Office Administrator - Caminar Hayward, CA Work Experience Project 90 - Office Administrator Caminar June 2018 to Present Assisted drug and alcohol rehab in helping patients find appropriate  care, helped with minor medical detox work. Aeroktek Temp April 2019 to July 2019 Produced sales and purchase orders for customers, and wrote  production write-ups for engineering work. Office Administrator HSS - Anaheim, CA January 2017 to April 2018 Helped clients find proper caretakers, general office duties, paper filing and documentation. Database and linguistics Engineer LG Electronics - Seoul, KR March 2012 to January 2016 South Korea    Managed English-Korean language database for various LG hardware/  software, coding, and voice recognition application work. Marketing and instructor Coordinator C2 Education September 2010 to January 2012 Worked in marketing department for prestigious tutor program, English- Korean translation, helped develop curriculum for 1-12th grade  students, taught new and current instructors on classroom  management.  ? Education International Business Sungkyunkwan University September 2009 to June 2010 Business Administration San Francisco State University - San Francisco, CA September 2006 to June 2008
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1441.html#493:::Sr. Mongos DB/Oracle DBA;Sr. SQL Server and MongoDB DBA;SQL Server / Sybase Database/Mongo DB Administrator;DBA;Programmer:::Sr. Mongos DB/Oracle DBA Sr. Mongos DB/Oracle DBA Sr. Mongos DB/Oracle DBA - GameStop ? 8 years of experience as SQL Server / MongoDB Database Administrator with strong production support and operations experience. Good communication skills, team oriented, with a strong dedication to customer satisfaction. A proven team player with the ability to communicate at all levels. Mentored both on-shore and off-shore DBAs.  ? Over 4+ years of experience in /Java/J2EE and core java technology, developing websites using J2EE technology.  ? Extensive experience in developing Map-Reduce programs and aggregation frameworks using JavaScript's.  ? Experience with NoSQL databases, especially Redis.  ? Experience in developing application, automated scripts leveraging MongoDB.  ? Experience in the analysis of the data, data modelling and data structures.  ? Over 4+ years of experience in MongoDB (versions 2.x, 3.0.0 and 3.0.5) installation, configuration and administration.  ? Multiple Neo4j and Rest API project  ? Full life cycle experience in highly secure, extremely large-scale deployments of very high volumes of critical data with extensive security.  ? Extensive knowledge of Web development, from concept through implementation and optimization.  ? Experience in various phases of SDLC such as requirements gathering, analysis, design, implementation, maintenance of software applications and testing Client/Server and web applications.  ? Proficiency in multiple databases like MongoDB, Cassandra, MySQL, ORACLE and MS SQL Server.  ? Applied skills in software development, architecture, design, and support for new and existing products.  ? Experience in Agile development techniques.  ? Hands-on experience in writing and reviewing requirements, architecture documents, test plans, design documents, quality analysis and audits.  ? Excellent analytical and problem solving skills and ability to work on own besides being a valuable and contributing team player. Work Experience Sr. Mongos DB/Oracle DBA GameStop - West Chester, PA January 2017 to Present Roles & Responsibilities:  ? Analysis of the data to be shared, choosing a shard Key to distribute data evenly.  ? Architecture and Capacity planning for MongoDB/ Cassandra clusters. Implementing on- premise MMS monitoring and backup solution.  ? Customized Neo4j Rest API and Data Import code using csv file  ? Provided operational support for MongoDB backup, disaster recovery, performance monitoring, sharding and replication across multiple environments.) and mongo-built in binaries to monitor and analyze the performance of MONGODB.  ? Implemented ETL workflow to load XML files into Teradata Aster with help of Hadoop.  ? Experience in managing MongoDB environment from availability, performance and scalability perspectives.  ? Used existing ETL standards to develop these mappings.  ? Provide technical expertise and guidance during testing and deployment of Redis Labs software.  ? Experience in graph database (preferred Orient DB)  ? Involved in change control process and Upgraded the Oracle 10g database to 11g version and also applied patch set and interim patches whenever required to make the database software up to date.  ? Involved with installation and maintenance of Oracle RAC for high availability.  ? Worked extensively on monitoring 10G/11g Grid Control and Configuration of error notifications, installing listeners, and adding them to the grid control  ? Maintained 10g/11g RAC environment and troubleshooting issues.  ? Worked on MongoDB database concepts such as locking, transactions, indexes, Sharding, replication, schema design.  ? Having good experience in Migrating single Instance database to RAC Environment. Performed Capacity Planning, Undo segments and Health check reviews in RAC.  ? Monitoring Day-to-Day Backups, Log's & recovering them as per the requirement. Scheduling the databases backup using Cron tab and VERITAS net backup.  ? Installation of MongoDB on physical machines, Virtual machines as well as AWS. Backup & Recovery, Database optimization and Security maintenance.  ? Testing, evaluation and troubleshooting of different NoSQL database systems and cluster configurations to ensure high-availability in various crash scenarios.  ? Worked on creating documents in Mongo database.  Environment: Oracle 11g, MongoDB, SQL * Plus, SQL*Loader, SQL Developer, Oracle RAC, Shell Scripts, UNIX, Windows XP, Redis Sr. SQL Server and MongoDB DBA Fort Lauderdale, FL 2016 to December 2017 Responsibilities:  ? Performed Database refresh from Production to non-production servers.  ? Worked with offshore team to track and resolve database related incidents and requests within defined SLAs.  ? Extensively used SQL* loader to load data from flat files to the database tables in Oracle.  ? Help our customers realize and maximize the value of their Redis Labs subscription.  ? Designed and developed a decision tree application using Neo4J graph database to model the nodes and relationships for each decision.  ? Prepared Documentation for the Disaster Recovery plan.  ? Troubleshoot database blocking and deadlock issues.  ? Used DTS packages to move logins and jobs from one server to another server.  ? Experience in mongo dump, mongo restore, mongo export, mongo import, profiler and indexes.  ? Provided guidance and training to junior DBAs on both SQL Server and MongoDB.  ? Troubleshoot performance problems and fine-tuning of databases.  ? Performed SQL Server service pack upgrades.  ? Provide On-Call support for MongoDB, Cassandra and other database platforms at the studio.  ? Tested database backup and recovery tools and made recommendations.  ? Designed and implemented comprehensive Backup plan using Lite Speed for SQL Server.  ? Track open tickets and monitor ticket process and close tickets when problems are resolved.  ? Troubleshoot, diagnose and resolve technical issues relating to database deployment.  ? Setup of Log Shipping, Mirroring, Replication, Disaster Recovery planning and procedures.  ? Performed DR exercises for applications using SRDF and log shipping.  ? SQL Server upgrade and migration from version 2005 to SQL Server 2008 and SQL Server 2012.  ? Provided documentation to perform the upgrade of SQL Server 2000 to SQL Server 2005 and SQL server 2005 to 2008.  ? Experience in Data Import / Export using DTS / SSIS Packages, BCP, ISQL, OSQL, SQLCMD and T-SQL Scripts. SQL Server / Sybase Database/Mongo DB Administrator Bank Of America - Pennington, NJ November 2015 to May 2016 Responsibilities:  ? Deployed, scheduled and troubleshoot SSIS packages.  ? Responsible for troubleshooting SSAS and SSRS issues.  ? Worked on MongoDB database concepts such as locking, transactions, indexes, Sharding, replication, schema design.  ? Query optimization using Show Execution Plan, SQL profiler, System Monitor and Query analyzer.  ? Migrated oracle DBA Databases to Mongo DB.  ? Experience in managing MongoDB environment from availability, performance and scalability perspectives.  ? Deployed in Amazon Web Services using Neo4J server implementation. Application includes machine learning capability to expand the number of options.  ? Troubleshoot long running queries, time out and dead lock issues using SQL Server Profiler, DMVs, System objects and Query plans.  ? Installation of MongoDB on physical machines, Virtual machines as well as AWS. Backup & Recovery, Database optimization and Security maintenance.  ? Assisted in establishing standards and schedules for database backups by making sure that the backup schedules meet the recovery requirements on a daily, weekly, and monthly basis.  ? Designed / Developed many DTS Packages from varied sources for various projects.  ? Hands on experience on coding T-SQL Stored Procedures, Triggers for various projects.  ? Migrated several SQL 6.5 Databases to SQL 2000.  ? Migrated several Sybase Databases to SQL Server 6.5.  ? Developed many data conversion scripts using BCP. DBA MasterCard - O'Fallon, MO September 2014 to November 2015 Responsibilities:  ? Monitor SQL Server error logs and event viewer logs to isolate and correlate any issues.  ? Maintained seamless working relationships with offshore DBA team to ensure 24/7 coverage.  ? Automated Backup and Restoration process from one server to another using T-SQL and SQL Agent jobs.  ? Designed and Implemented SQL Server Disaster Recovery and High Availability Solutions within business Recovery Point Objective (RPO) and Recovery Time Objective (RTO)  ? Provided support for confidential U.S. Government TRICARE databases.  ? Created primary objects such as tables, views, triggers, indexes and SQL Agent Jobs.  ? Worked with development teams, system analysts to ensure data integrity, normalization as well as maintenance of database-structure changes.  ? Implemented database maintenance plans for backup and recovery of databases and transaction logs.  ? Converted the main production database platform from Access 97 to SQL Server.  ? Provided email, phone and onsite database support in SQL Server and Sybase. Programmer DHL May 2013 to September 2014 Responsibilities:  ? Designed and developed Use-Case Diagrams, Class Diagrams, Object Diagrams using UML Rational Rose for OOA/OOD techniques.  ? Developed Application using Java, C++ SQL and Unix.  ? Responsible for development and enhancements of all the modules of rail docs and have them running quickly with online features.  ? Engineered stable, isolated environments per game team  ? Used HTML, CSS, and Java script for front end applications.  ? Managed our servers in development, testing, certification and production.  ? Implemented locking mechanisms using multithreading functionality.  ? Used Visual basic, JavaScript and JHTML at the front end.  ? Used python scripts to update content in the database and manipulate files.  Environment: Visual Basic, Java, HTML, UML, Rational Rose, , Shell Scripting, PL/SQL, ODBC, PVCS, Oracle 9i, Linux and Windows NT.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1442.html#494:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Database (6 years);databases. (6 years);DOS (Less than 1 year);HTML (Less than 1 year);MS-DOS (Less than 1 year);ODBC (Less than 1 year);OEM (3 years);Oracle (6 years);Oracle 10g (6 years);R2. (1 year);Red Hat (4 years);RMAN (5 years);SAP (1 year);Solaris (Less than 1 year);SQL (5 years);TCP (Less than 1 year);TCP/IP (Less than 1 year);Windows XP (Less than 1 year);XML (Less than 1 year):::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - TCS • Over 6 years of experience as an Oracle Database and application Administrator, Responsible for database administration, production support, installation, configuration, upgrades, patches, backup and recovery, database security, RAC, Data Guard, auditing and space management.  • End-to-End implementation of High Availability solutions Oracle 11g RAC with ASM  • Knowledge of cloning and database security with Oracle Software 12c/11g/10g/ on Red Hat Linux and Windows Platform.  • Experience on working with implementing disaster recovery using data guard physical standby databases.  • Experience in Upgrading databases and applied patch sets to multiple databases.  • Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills.  • Backup of Databases (Making Backup Schedules depending upon Business Strategy: Daily Backup, weekly Backup etc.) using RMAN and other backup techniques.  • Recovery of Databases (Recovering from Media Failure, Recovering tables dropped accidentally, Recovering data files, Recovering from Block Corruption etc.)  • Experience in using OEM, TOAD, Data Migrations using export/import and Data pump.  • Good experience in applying the patches using opatch.  • Upgrades from 11gr2 to 12.1 and from 12.1 to 12.2. Schema refreshes from prod to development and test databases.  • Good experience in design, installation, administration and support of RAC Databases.  • Excellent knowledge in Hot/Cold Backup, Recovery, Cloning of databases using RMAN.  • Excellent Written and verbal Communication skills and knowledge on Oracle Support processes for technical requests with Metalink. Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator TCS - Troy, MI September 2015 to Present Responsibilities:  • 24 X 7 Production database support with on call pager  • End-to-End implementation of High Availability solutions Oracle 11g RAC with ASM.  • Experience in Data guard (DR) Switchover and failover of RAC and Non RAC databases.  • Working on Different applications which databases are in support. Helping customer on their applications and developers for code deployment.  • Upgrading databases from 11gr2 to 12.2 and doing schema refreshes. Creating DB links and user accounts for new users in the database.  • Migration of 11g databases to 12.2 databases on Linux 6 and above using Data pump.  • Experience with RMAN backup and recovery setup.  • Database Cloning and standby database creation using RMAN and manual method from Production to Test and Development environments.  • Planned and upgraded DB including patch updates  • Designed daily, weekly Backup and Recovery procedures for production, non- production databases using RMAN backups taking periodic Complete, Cumulative and differential Incremental Backups.  • Maintained and setup streams for schema level propagation and SQL apply.  • Responsible for optimizing data access and performance by tuning indexes.  Environment: Oracle 10g/11g/12c RAC, SQL Loader, OEM, Red Hat Linux, TOAD, PL/SQL, and SQL. Oracle Database Administrator Liberty Mutual Boston September 2014 to August 2015 Responsibilities:  • Developed RMAN scripts for database backup and recovery including hot and cold backup options for both RAC and standalone instances.  • Installation and Maintenance of Oracle 10g and 11g on Windows and Red Hat LINUX.  • Utilized Grid Control to administer multi-node RAC database also managed redo and undo in the RAC environment.  • Minimized downtime during disaster recovery and data corruption using data guard.  • Management of table space growth, monitoring data files additions, extent growth.  • Worked on several shell scripts to maintain the database activities & implemented automated backup strategy using the UNIX shell script.  • Performing Database Administration activities like space management, user and roles administration, schema management.  • Assuring appropriate backup and recovery procedures to be in place to meet the Company's requirements.  • Rebuilding of Indexes for better performance, maintenance of Oracle Database.  • Provide 24x7 production database support  • Support round the clock deployments  • Install the 11gR2 databases for test, development, production-like, production and standby databases  • Upgrade Oracle Database from 10g to 11g  • Clone 10g and 11g oracle homes for setting up standby databases and recovery purposes  • Use traditional export-import and Data Pump for refreshing schemas, tables and different objects  • Use Export/Import, Data Pump Utilities to move the data between different databases and for backups  • Apply security related CPU and One-off patches using Opatch utility, Apply RDBMS Patch set Utility (PSU)  • Recovery of Database (Recovering from Media Failure, Recovering tables dropped accidentally,  • Recovering data files, Recovering from Block Corruption)  • Generate performance reports and Daily health checkup of the database using utilities like AWR,  • Work closely with the project teams to deploy their changes in the database and servers.  Environment: Oracle 9i/10g/11g, Linux, Shell Scripting, RMAN, Grid control, Data Guard, EXP, IMP, Data Pump, and SSH connectivity using Putty Oracle Database Administrator ASDA - Leeds April 2013 to May 2014 Responsibilities:  • 24x7 Production support with the on-call Pager.  • Proficient in installation and creation of Oracle 9i, 10g databases in development, Production and QA environments including configuration, backup & performance tuning.  • Designing, documenting and deploying through the various development and production environments.  • Refresh/Cloning of the databases from Production to the Test and Development environments.  • Upgraded database from Oracle 9i to Oracle 10g.  • Installation and Configuration of Oracle 10gRAC and Standby Databases for high availability and disaster recovery.  • Automation of deployment/migration from existing systems (Oracle), monitoring and reporting.  • Database Migration  • Applied CPU, One-off patches using Opatch utility, RDBMS patch set Upgrade (PSU).  • Used Oracle 10g grid control utility.  • Planned and implemented Backup & Recovery using RMAN.  • Implemented Cold Backup and Hot Backup depending on the requirement.  • Refreshed development and test databases from production using Logical Backups (Export and Import).  • Daily Health Check Up of the Database using ADDM with the help of AWR report.  • Maintaining Database Security by Creating Roles, Privileges, Quotas, and Passwords.  • Recovery of Database (Recovering from Media Failure, Recovering tables dropped accidentally, Recovering data files, Recovering from Block Corruption).  Environment: Oracle 9i/10g RAC, RHEL, SQL, RMAN, Oracle 10g Grid control, Data Guard, SQL*Loader, EXP, IMP, TOAD, and Data pump. Oracle Database Administrator Arnold Clark automobiles - Glasgow January 2012 to January 2013 Responsibilities:  • Involved in the analysis, design, build, and testing phase of the life cycle for the project.  • Developed PL/SQL packages to capture end of day transactions.  • Created Tables, Views, Synonyms, Sequences and Indexes.  • Review of Database logical and Physical design  • Creating and managing users, roles, privileges, profiles, schemas  • Established database backup/recovery strategy for different databases  • Recovery procedures are applied for complete and incomplete recoveries depending on the type of failure  • Oracle Security Patches Installation on Oracle 10g R2.  • Write and modify UNIX shell scripts to manage Oracle environment  • SQL tuning and Database tuning has been done based on reports generated by SQL Trace.  • Troubleshooting Expdp/ Impdp errors in a RAC environment, configuring storage accordingly Education Masters in Management Information Systems in Management Information Systems Glasgow Caledonian University Glasgow Masters in Information Technology in Information Technology Comsats institute of information technology Abbottabad Pakistan - Abbottabad, PK Skills Database (6 years), databases. (6 years), DOS (Less than 1 year), HTML (Less than 1 year), MS-DOS (Less than 1 year), ODBC (Less than 1 year), OEM (3 years), Oracle (6 years), Oracle 10g (6 years), R2. (1 year), Red Hat (4 years), RMAN (5 years), SAP (1 year), Solaris (Less than 1 year), SQL (5 years), TCP (Less than 1 year), TCP/IP (Less than 1 year), Windows XP (Less than 1 year), XML (Less than 1 year)
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1443.html#495:::ADMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT SPECIALIST (MARKETING & TRAINING);Database Administrator;Editor (Undergraduate);MARKETING (2 years);CRM (2 years);CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT (2 years);Social Media;Email Marketing;Digital Marketing;Photoshop;Indesign:::ADMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT SPECIALIST (MARKETING & TRAINING) ADMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT SPECIALIST (MARKETING &amp; TRAINING) Marketing and Digital Media Professional Somerset, KY Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience ADMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT SPECIALIST (MARKETING & TRAINING) The Center for Rural Development - Somerset, KY 2017 to Present • Successfully created a new logo for one of The Center's youth programs, Rogers Explorers • Created and implemented a marketing plan for client to run over the course of seven months • Helped obtain over $18,000 worth of grant funding • Managed invoices and oversee the management of constant contact system for training department • Manage social media planning for execution of marketing strategies and community • Monitor online presence of The Center's brand awareness via Facebook and social media Database Administrator Oxford Government Consulting - Mount Vernon, KY 2016 to 2017 Transferred Veterans' medical documents to digital copy format, for them to receive better health care Editor (Undergraduate) UNIVERSITY OF KENTUCKY - Lexington, KY August 2012 to December 2014 Education Master's in Information Technology University of the Cumberlands - Williamsburg, KY January 2019 to Present Bachelor's in English Literature University of Kentucky - Lexington, KY August 2009 to May 2014 Skills MARKETING (2 years), CRM (2 years), CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT (2 years), Social Media, Email Marketing, Digital Marketing, Photoshop, Indesign Links http://Linkedin.com/in/natalie-pitman Additional Information Business Development    Grant Writing    EventBrite    MailChimp Campaigns    CRM (HubSpot)    Strategic Planning  Social Media Management    Marketing Analytics
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1444.html#496:::CONSULTANT;PL/SQL/ Oracle Database Developer;Senior Oracle/MySQL Database Administrator;Senior MySQL/SQL Server Database Administrator;Senior MySQL/NoSQL Database Administrator;MySQL/SQL Server Database Administrator:::CONSULTANT CONSULTANT Pittsburgh, PA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience CONSULTANT TATA CONSULTING SERVICES - Pittsburgh, PA May 2018 to Present • Coordinated the offshore team for the 1802 data privacy federal compliance project.  • Planned process of data deletion to eliminate use of sensitive data in non-production environments.  • Coordinated with SME's and application team for OIM onboarding for data masking of sensitive data.  • Managed team of database administrators to ensure timely completion of all tasks for the project. PL/SQL/ Oracle Database Developer PNC BANK - Pittsburgh, PA October 2017 to May 2018 Managed several PL/SQL Scripts by Creating new scripts, developing and altering old scripts to update several tables and databases.  • Created documentation for old Script for database conversion project  • Managed all cron jobs that helps in loading all ORACLE tables.  • Worked on debugging and testing all PL/SQL packages  • Managed Deployment of completed Scripts and created packages in preparation for deployment from one Linux server to other environments.  • Utilized several tools and expertise to convert Linux corn shell scripts and SQL scripts to ETL. Senior Oracle/MySQL Database Administrator PNC BANK - Pittsburgh, PA November 2016 to October 2017 Help monitor database across servers. Perform day to day support for the database, resolve incident tickets assigned from the IT service management board. Help with decommissioning databases. Perform moderately complex server-class database activities across various platforms and environments.  • Managed Oracle databases using the OEM.  • Resolved assigned incident tickets related to MySQL and Oracle databases and servers through ServiceNow database management application.  • Managed Oracle and MySQL server applications.  • Provided Support for other resources during upgrades and patching by making sure database was available and at optimum performance.  • MySQL administration on production environment - Oversaw installation, upgrades, tuning, backups, resources optimization and distribution, ensuring all versions of software and tools were up-to-date.  • Oracle build and configuration of single instance and RAC databases.  • Provided support for database Migration from one server site to another and helped ensure high availability of data and better performance.  • Created scripts for database backup, recovery, monitoring and maintenance. Senior MySQL/SQL Server Database Administrator CHURCH PENSION GROUP - New York, NY June 2014 to June 2016 Maintain data consistency across databases, data security and recovery. Monitor database performance and manage parameters for provision of fast and available data for end-users. Perform moderately complex server-class database activities across various platforms and environments. Provide MySQL administration on test and production environment.  • Managed conceptual, logical, and / or physical database design, creating data model for better mapping and management of database system.  • Performed routine programming and coding, automating and / or supporting database environment.  • Helped support ColdFusion / Ruby on Rails-based applications, ensuring scripts supporting applications were in working order.  • Managed MySQL database using Navicat / Sequelpro / MySQL workbench, creating complex scripts and stored procedures, monitoring database activities and querying database for data exports.  • Managed SQL server development, QA and production databases.  • Resolved all tickets on queue for the SQL server databases.  • Collected and Analyzed data using standard tools.  • Performed backup and restore on all database types. Senior MySQL/NoSQL Database Administrator DISCOVERORG LLC - Vancouver, WA September 2012 to June 2014 Established and monitored user access and security, refined physical design and met system storage requirements. Scrutinized database performance and helped optimize queries for front-end user accessibility. Maintained data standards, wrote documentation and developed data dictionary for all databases. Developed and tested backup systems; created data recovery plan.    DISCOVERORG LLC   • Performed replication in large-scale environments for scalability purposes, distributing load across many servers.  • Ensured completion of daily export backups, guaranteeing validity for restore and recovery.  • Managed user accounts and appropriate privileges, maintaining database security.  • MySQL administration on production environment - Oversaw installation, upgrades, tuning, backups, resources optimization and distribution, ensuring all versions of software and tools were up-to-date.  • Optimized MySQL queries and solved performance problems, ensuring efficient server performance (less memory usage) and providing faster result sets; adjusted database glitches, improving efficiency.  • Created user accounts and appropriate privileges, maintaining database security  • Managed the MySQL database using the AWS management console and command line interface.  • Monitored the Cassandra and Mongo DB using the admin tools, ensuring proper management of the NoSQL databases. MySQL/SQL Server Database Administrator UB LLC - Hanover, MD October 2009 to July 2011 Controlled access permissions; installed and tested new versions of database management systems. Ensured proper function of storage procedures. Wrote SQL scripts to create tables, indexes synonyms, views and other objects. Provided guidance for troubleshooting escalated issues.  • Performed moderate-to-complex programming and coding, automating and / or supporting database environment for better performance.  • Analyzed database metrics and assisted with capacity planning, monitoring and tuning performance.  • Configured and executed installations, upgrades and migrations, and implemented security controls, creating more efficient database access and improving security.  • Allocated storage, reducing redundancy by creating table spaces, adding and resizing data files to existing table spaces, creating and multiplexing redo log files, and enhancing capacity management.  • Performed all day to day administration on SQL server databases by configuring, monitoring and troubleshooting the servers.  • Set up backup and recovery, mirroring of the SQL databases.  • Managed all database security issues by creating SQL login accounts and roles. Education Master of Science in (MS), Healthcare Informatics / Database Design Southern New Hampshire University - Hooksett, NH Bachelor of Science in (BS), Biology University of Maryland Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/mojoyinadeabolarin
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1445.html#497:::IT Specialist;Mystery Shopper;Database Developer;Programmer;Network Administrator;Real Estate Agent;Cashier;Trainee;It Specialist;Information Technology;Help Desk;Network Support;PL SQL;Cisco:::IT Specialist IT Specialist Margate, FL I am an analytic, friendly, communicative IT specialist focused on the area of databases, aplication testing and consulting.   As a student I have gained priceless experience as a sales assistant in fast food, real estate broker or driver for important clients. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Specialist innogy - Ostrava 2018 to Present I was primarily responsible for the operation and development of the mobile application. With the sales department I discussed the required changes in the application, drafted the assignments for the supplier and then tested the application and drafted the documentation. Mystery Shopper Hello innovation - Prague, OK 2012 to Present I worked for this company as a mystery shopper and inspected services such as fast foods, hotels or car service. Database Developer Oltis - Ostrava 2017 to 2018 I have been responsible for a mobile application development and a central train switch system. I communicated with the customer and programmers, edited the databases, tested the applications and wrote the documentation. Programmer Moravia steel - T?inec 2016 to 2017 After the graduation, I get the opportunity to join Moravia steel company as a trainee. I have learnt how the industrial automation works and ensured spare parts to be stored. I have also learnt Lotus Script and Simatic programming. Network Administrator Steeltec 2016 to 2017 Real Estate Agent Certifis 2016 to 2017 Cashier Tesco 2015 to 2016 Trainee KFC - Ostrava 2008 to 2008 Education Bachelor's in Computer Science Technical university Ostrava - Ostrava September 2011 to June 2015 High school or equivalent in Computer Science Information Technology High School - Frýdek-Místek September 2007 to June 2011 Skills It Specialist, Information Technology, Help Desk, Network Support, PL SQL, Cisco Certifications/Licenses Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) Electronics Technician Lean Six Sigma Yellow Belt Driver's License Additional Information Languages:  Czech - Fluent  Polish  Slovak  English
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1446.html#498:::E-Commerce Product Manager / Purchasing Administrator;Field Operations Supervisor;Junior Database Administrator;Purchasing Office Coordinator;Purchasing Admin Assistant;Day Auditor;Night Auditor;Microsoft Office (8 years);Excel (10+ years);HTML (Less than 1 year);Quickbooks (2 years);JavaScript (Less than 1 year);Product Management;Ecommerce;E-Commerce;SAP ERP (2 years);Product Development;Warehouse Management (2 years);Inventory Control (4 years);Accounts Payable (3 years);Hipaa (4 years);Insurance Verification (1 year);POS (2 years);Kronos (Less than 1 year);Microsoft Word;MS Office;Operations;Inventory:::E-Commerce Product Manager / Purchasing Administrator E-Commerce Product Manager / Purchasing <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Purchasing Coordinator / Project Coordinator Winter Park, FL • 5+ years experience in purchasing, accounts payable, inventory management and implementation lead.  • Assist in Re-bid/re-negotiate contracts with vendors once pricing has expired or an increase is requested.  • Served as central point of contact for all outside vendors needing to gain access to the building.  • Reviews planned orders, creates requisitions for purchased items, and manages approval process.  • Coordinated and managed all aspects of procurement process, from requisition through contract close-out. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience E-Commerce Product Manager / Purchasing Administrator DME Holdings, LLC - Daytona Beach, FL April 2018 to July 2018 • Over see all purchasing, inventory, and logistics management operations. Working with accounting team in processing invoices and reporting P&L monthly.  • Collaborated closely with engineering team as consultant to product implementation and site functionality as per customer specifications.  • Point of contact for all 3rd party vendors   • Communicated shortages on backorder reports with vendors and forecast market activity to avoid potential interruptions.  • Performed inventory and quality check for all materials in company’s catalog with fulfillment department.  • Reviewed requisitions and coordinated with vendors to obtain product or service information. Transmits approved purchase orders and supporting documents to supplier. Field Operations Supervisor Tetra Tech - Saint Augustine, FL October 2016 to January 2018 • Scripted hurricane restoration operations for St. Johns County Emergency Management department.  • Scheduled staff according to budgeted labor hours on contracted Statement of Work. . plans designed by county vendors and project managers.  • Trained emergency management officials, subcontractors and supervisors on GIS software.  • Oversaw field operations and scripted operation procedures to provide scalability for FEMA reports.   • Trained contractors for OSHA compliant Aerial Lift certification and safety equipment compliance.   • Trained field service center technicians to navigate the Automated Debris Management System (ADMS) application and troubleshoot the Android/Motorola GPS settings on their devices.   • Worked as consulting operations supervisor, directing automated debris management and inventory departments.   • Collect and prepare all documentation necessary for close-out. Assist in daily close-out audits with Project Data Manager and GIS Analyst to resolve discrepancies. Junior Database Administrator K-Force Staffing Agency - St. Luke's Health Network - Jupiter, FL July 2017 to October 2017 Managed all user groups that use the subscriptions, administrative manager to access and of online data feeds.   • Prepared purchase order requisitions to IT procurement team and reviewed bid proposals from Project Managers.   • Liaison to approved vendors, supply chain group, IS (Information Security) and back office IT teams.   • Determined scope of work for contractors, analyzed problems, and provided recommendations to management.   • Software: Microsoft Excel, Outlook, Microsoft Access, SAP ERP. Purchasing Office Coordinator Soho Grand Hotel - New York, NY March 2013 to November 2014 • Responsible for accounting and administrative functions within the F&B department. Tasks such as:  • Oversaw F &B department yearly budget, reporting all department expenses and monitoring New York State Liquor License through state office.   • Supervised month end inventory count; audit inventory reports for variances, all china, glass and silverware for replenishment for department.  • Managed all data input into Amadeus ERP database. Updating portion costs and menu pricing as needed.  • Communicated with management and suppliers relative to purchases consistent with hotel needs and specifications.   • Negotiated pricing according company forecasts reports, market value and availability.   • Reviewed shipments to ensure products received are consistent with company specifications and quality grades.  Purchasing Admin Assistant Abigail Kirsch Catering - Tarrytown, NY June 2012 to April 2013 • Prepared purchase orders, solicit bid proposals and review requisitions for goods and services.  • Supervised loading dock operations, inventory control and recording of all transfers to ensure cost controls are in place.  • Implemented inventory control processes, audited inventory reports, and reported product damage to vendors for credit. Day Auditor Taj Hotels - New York, NY March 2011 to June 2012 • Aid accounts payable supervisor prepare folios for vendors and month end closing.  • Audit day end financial reports for accuracy and legitimacy.  • Balance revenue and expenses from general ledger and deposit all transactions nightly.  • Reconcile all revenue outlets daily financial reports and request inventory replenishment to par level. Night Auditor Hilton Garden Inn Hotel - Tallahassee, FL July 2008 to October 2009 • Audit day end financial reports from OnQ portal.  • Balance revenue and expenses from hotel outlets on general ledger and deposit all transactions nightly.  • Reconcile all revenue outlets daily financial reports and request inventory replenishment to par level. Education Certificate of Completion in Full Stack Web Development University of Central Florida - Orlando, FL August 2019 to Present Associate in Arts Tallahassee Community College - Tallahassee, FL 2011 Skills Microsoft Office (8 years), Excel (10+ years), HTML (Less than 1 year), Quickbooks (2 years), JavaScript (Less than 1 year), Product Management, Ecommerce, E-Commerce, SAP ERP (2 years), Product Development, Warehouse Management (2 years), Inventory Control (4 years), Accounts Payable (3 years), Hipaa (4 years), Insurance Verification (1 year), POS (2 years), Kronos (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Word, MS Office, Operations, Inventory Certifications/Licenses Driver's License
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1447.html#499:::SQL Server Database Administrator (DBA);SQL Server Database Administrator (DBA);SQL Server Database Administrator (DBA)/Developer;Sql Server:::SQL Server Database Administrator (DBA) SQL Server <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> (DBA) SQL Server Database Administrator (DBA) - Department of Health and Human Services, MD Alexandria, VA Work Experience SQL Server Database Administrator (DBA) Department of Health and Human Services, MD November 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  • Installed, configured, and Managed SQL Server 2016, 2014, 2012, and 2008 R2  • Experienced in maintaining and supporting Very Large Database  • Performed Backup and Recovery:  * Used Native and third-party tools for Database backup and Recovery including POINT-IN-TIME recovery  * Designed backup and recovery strategy based on RTO and RPO in SLA level of the company  • Implemented Security Models:  * Instance, Database, and Data Security using TDE, Data Masking, Column and Row-Level Security, SSL, IPSec, Data in motion including different security models; authentication modes, Server and Database Roles, Custom Group including troubleshooting logins and users  • Implemented HA Solutions using:  * AlwaysOn, Clustering, Mirroring, Replication and Log Shipping  * Applied SP and Hot in HA Environment  * Upgraded and Migrated HA servers and Databases  • Performed different types of Performance Tuning activities such as  * Query Tuning, Server Tuning, Session Management, Lock, Block, Dead-Lock  * Improving performance for long running queries  * Monitoring and Troubleshooting Memory, CPU, HD related issues  * Index Management such setting jobs for fragmentation management - Rebuilding Index and Updating Statistics  * Tuning MS SQL Server Database performance  * Hands on experience in Table partitioning for very large Databases.  * Experienced on Temp-DB configuration and management.  * Used different Performance Management Tools: Execution Plan, SQL Profiler, Index Tuning Wizard, SolarWinds, and OpNet  • SQL/TSQL Programming experience:  * Wrote complex queries, Stored Procedure, function, triggers  * Worked with developers to improve performance of applications by improving the performance of queries, and Stored Procedure  • Troubleshooting:  * Monitored Event Viewer and SQL Error logs different activities including event logs at the Windows  * Monitored error logs to troubleshoot jobs, connection failures, disk failure/full/out of space  * Database Consistency Checks using DBCC Utilities  • Data Modeling:  * Worked different data modeling projects for new applications  • Reengineered existing Data Model  * Implemented relationship, constraints, and other indexes as needed  * Tools used: Toad Data Modeler, ERWin  • Report Development & Administration:  * Installed Managed security, upgraded and migrated SSRS server  * Developed, and deployed reports  * Tools Used: BIDS, SSDT (SQL, configured, and managed Reporting Server: SSRS Server Data Tool), and Report Builder  • ETL Tool: SSIS (SQL Server Integration Services)  * Developed ETL packages to move/transfer data, dump data  * Deployed ETL packages and setup jobs when needed and also used for Ad-hoc  * Transferred Databases, objects, Data, Logins, and Jobs by using SSIS tool  • Database Migration and Upgrade:  * Upgraded database server from lower to higher version  * Migrated Servers, databases, objects  * Applied SP (Service Pack) and Hot fixes  • Supported 24/7 Environment SQL Server Database Administrator (DBA) Department of Labor - Washington, DC August 2015 to October 2017 Responsibilities:  • Responsible for monitoring and making Recommendations for Database Server performance improvement.  • Configured and Managed Clustering on Virtual Machines.  • Implemented and Monitored SQL Server Replication.  • Configured and Managed Active/Passive Clustering on Microsoft Windows Server 2012 Enterprise Edition.  • Administered, Configured and Managed Log Shipping and Mirroring for HA, DR and load balancing.  • Implemented and Managed SQL Server Database Security for both Data at rest and live Data.  • Managed long running queries using DMV and DMF.  • Set up Backup/Recovery, Disaster recovery solutions according to RPO and RTO in SLA.  • Automated different maintenance tasks like; DB health check, Rebuild index, Update Statistics.  • Setup Database Mail, Alerts and Notification for Server and DB Status.  • Performed upgrading and migration from SQL Server 2005 to 2012.  • Worked with application developers to create optimized queries.  • Created database DDL triggers for DB Automation and Audit.  • Reviewed and Optimized SQL Scripts, Indexes and Complex Queries.  • Reviewed query performance and optimized codes.  • Handled Memory configurations for SQL Server Database Software.  • I have done Rebuilding / Monitoring Indexes at regular intervals for better performance.  • Performed Capacity planning and optimization for SQL Server databases. SQL Server Database Administrator (DBA)/Developer Innovative Data Solutions - Alexandria, VA February 2014 to July 2015 Responsibilities:  • Hands on Experience in installing, configuring, monitoring and troubleshooting & Administration of SQL Server 2005, 2008R2, 2012 & on Windows Server 2003 & 2012  • Responsible for securing SQL Server environment, involved in creation and granting permissions on various Objects, created the guide line to secure SQL Servers.  • Created the SOP (Standard operating procedures) for all SQL Server activities like - Installing SQL Servers, applying service packs and security fixes.  • Backed up and restored user and System Databases.  • Imported and exported data between MS SQL servers and Non-Microsoft SQL servers using SQL Transfer manager and bulk copy program.  • Performed ETL process by using Export/Import utility, BIDS and SSDT from source to destination.  • Created and Deployed SSIS Packages and Configured SSIS Catalogue.  • Experienced on Managing Security, Permissions and Roles of Reporting Server  • SQL server memory allocation configured Temp-DB in RAM.  • Scheduled and monitored all maintenance activities of SQL Server 2005, 2008R2 including database consistency check, and index defragmentation.  • Monitored database status including CPU, memory, I/O, space, and dead locks, Locks, Blocks.  • Performed SQL Server tuning techniques to optimize the SQL queries and stored procedures.  • Configured securities and access to databases in SQL Server 2005, 2008R2, Windows Server 2003. Education Master's Skills Sql Server
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1448.html#500:::Strategic and Technical Sales Consultant;Sr. Solutions Consultant;Training Manager;Manager & Bartender;Database Administrator;Public Speaking Instructor;Supervisor:::Strategic and Technical Sales Consultant Strategic and Technical Sales Consultant Strategic and Technical Sales Consultant - Genesys Indianapolis, IN Work Experience Strategic and Technical Sales Consultant Genesys - Indianapolis, IN May 2018 to Present Represent and act as a voice of Genesys at industry events  * Demonstrate the entire suite of Genesys products to potential customers  * Provide guidance and recommendations to potential customers for best practices and business development  * Provide sales teams with the tools needed to successfully perform demonstrations including instructions, outlines, and videos  * Responsible for staying abreast of current technologies and industry trends    Provide training and maintenance for Genesys products  * Train other internal departments on outward facing presentations (webinars, consultant briefings, etc.)  * Assist in the development and delivery of sales training to internal and reseller teams  * Implement the development of various specific demonstration scenarios  * Provide maintenance of the Genesys demonstration environments Sr. Solutions Consultant Angie's List - Indianapolis, IN January 2018 to May 2018 Prepared First Contact Sales Calls  * Research service providers using internal notes, company website, and other public information  * Identify and prepare value proposition for service provider based on research  * Contact service providers and reconfirm key points discussed with previous team members when applicable  * Set appropriate expectations regarding goals for sales call    Consult Service Providers through Account Management Process  * Discuss Angie's List proposition, products, and adverting options  * Guide service providers through background check authorization and approval process  * Build and present proposals based on Service Provider needs  * Guide service provider through the contracting process and resolve issues related to contract management Training Manager STARTEK - Tell City, IN December 2016 to June 2017 Developed new hires for Sprint operations  * Conducted interviews for new hires, trainers, and quality analysts  * Provided continuous improvement plans for metric outliers to meet Sprint goals  * Streamlined training program cost    Determined training needs for call center operations  * Created IT basics course for STARTEK curriculum  * Oversaw curriculum and coordinated with trainers for a dynamic, fast-paced, goal oriented environment  * Provided effective classroom enhancement materials while maintaining a training budget    Balanced Sprint delivery management with STARTEK classroom development  * Presented metric results weekly to ensure site goals were aligned with Sprint mandates  * Served as the main contact for reporting training results to Sprint  * Constructed development observations for trainers (training floor)  * Empowered trainers to use kinesthetic/auditory/visual learning style techniques    Approximately 50 direct reports from local and remote sites  * 2 trainers  * 25 new hires  * 15 remote training managers Manager & Bartender Black Swan Brewpub - Plainfield, IN September 2016 to December 2016 August 2017-March 2018    Successfully managed a family restaurant  * Increased sales by providing periodic specials  * Maintained expenses below budget through accurate planning, waste reduction, purchasing, and cost-effective operating procedures  * Planned and managed significant remodeling projects that enhanced the ambiance of the facility    Administered budget and cost control  * Developed marketing campaigns to increase visibility of the restaurant  * Planned menus, estimated costs, and purchased inventory    Supervision/Training  * Recruited, hired, supervised, scheduled, and motivated a staff of 8-10 employees  * Trained staff to enhance customer service and increase profits through suggestive selling  * Improved productivity and morale by initiating systems for accountability and by instituting effective training programs Database Administrator Cerner Corporation - Kansas City, KS July 2013 to September 2016 Developed relationships with multiple client and employee types for effective delivery  * Managed and empowered team members (IT side) for successful IT system development  * Delivered on client (business side) contractual goals, scope, and maintained continuous improvement of systems  * Facilitated stakeholder weekly meetings and Q/A sessions  * Coordinated aspects of implementation in non-production and production environments    Managed lifecycles of multiple projects  * Maintained database efficiency  * Manage capital and expense budgets, including plan creation, forecasts and actual analysis for storage needs  * Adapted to sporadic database issues and emergencies  * Provided 24/7 analytical support, solutions, and tasks as they occurred  * Consulted with clients, analyzed requirements, designed system information flow, and implemented processes  * Created solutions to meet business needs in a fast-paced environment Public Speaking Instructor Ball State University - Muncie, IN August 2011 to May 2013 Taught Introduction to Public Speaking  * Was responsible for the development and managing of approximately 60 students per semester  * Created mentoring program for communication apprehension to ensure student success  * Maintained working relationships with fellow instructors and experts  * Made work plans, study guides, and progress reports    Appointed as Technology Committee Chair  * Initiated weekly marketing technological advances for new products of possible enhancement  * Followed departmental budget  * Provided reported findings for hardware used and potentially obtained in the public speaking program Supervisor Premiere Video - Evansville, IN August 2009 to May 2011 Leadership Role  * Was a direct report to 5 fellow employees  * Provided customer service and solutions to customer issues  * Responsible for nightly store revenue reporting  * Created sales solutions for outdated hardware and media for store liquidation    Awards and Achievements Related Experience Program Experience Education Master's Degree in Information and Communication Sciences in Information and Communication Sciences Ball State University August 2011 to May 2013 Bachelor's Degree in Sociology in Sociology University of Southern Indiana January 2007 to May 2011
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1449.html#501:::Project Management Quality Specialist;Project Analyst;Project Administrator - Contractor;Executive Administrative Assistant/ Database Administrator;Associate;Assistant to the City Manager;Assistant Store Manager;Director of Residence Life/ Supervisor;Customer service;Contract administration;Database management;Database;Budget management;Strategic planning;Problem solving;Operations;Operations management;Needs assessment;Relationship building;Budget;Process improvement;Training;Staff training:::Project Management Quality Specialist Project Management Quality Specialist Toledo, OH Operations and Service Solutions Specialist with a history of achieving standout results in multiple industries. Focused on customer service, culture and engagement leadership, research and project analysis, managing budgets, project costs, as well as vendor relationship management. Expertise in driving business support services, creating purchase orders and prioritizing project deliverables. Work Experience Project Management Quality Specialist General Electric Company - Cincinnati, OH 2017 to 2017 Project Analyst General Electric Company - Cincinnati, OH 2016 to 2017 Project Administrator - Contractor General Electric Company - Windsor, NJ 2015 to 2016 Executive Administrative Assistant/ Database Administrator Adecco Staffing - Cincinnati, OH 2014 to 2015 Associate The Novak Consulting Group - Cincinnati, OH 2012 to 2013 Assistant to the City Manager City of Cincinnati - Cincinnati, OH 2010 to 2011 Assistant Store Manager Sears Holding Corporation - Florence, KY 2008 to 2010 Director of Residence Life/ Supervisor Florida Gateway College Formerly Lake City Community College - Gateway, FL 2006 to 2007 Selected Highlights:  • Contract Administrator for the Global Spectrum management contract for Duke Energy Convention Center, Cincinnati USA Convention and Visitors Bureau partnership contract between Hamilton County and the City of Cincinnati, and state and federal lobbyist contracts. Participate in contract renewal agreements with in-house Legal Counsel. Evaluated and monitored management contract performance to determine the need for contract amendments or extensions and compliance with contractual obligations. Results in value-add services in maximizing resources and generating more revenue by marketing well-attended conferences.  • Budget Coordinator working with finance on the budget for all purchase orders, keeping a tracking sheet of all costs related to purchase orders for Knowledge, Learning and Content Management Solutions. Approximate total PO Savings for 2016: CMS $300k, KMS $63k and LMS $800k.  • Managed and allocated an annual retail store budget of $15 million and department budget of $250,000 in college housing to maximize use of resources while controlling costs; developed marketing strategies to increase profit and generate revenue.  • Assist Program Managers in project cost accounting by tracking and reporting all costs associated with projects. When invoices are received, hours are calculated against the original SOW and any change orders to ensure project costs align.  • Built and steered multiple teams to maximize performance in consistently completing projects on time and within budget in a fast-paced, time-sensitive environment requiring superior strategic planning, organization, and leadership skills.  • Conduct comprehensive research and analysis of various companies and proactively identified key methods to improve daily operations. Education Masters of Public Administration in Justice Administration Troy University - Troy, AL 2008 Bachelors of Science in Criminology in Criminology Florida State University - Tallahassee, FL 2004 Skills Customer service, Contract administration, Database management, Database, Budget management, Strategic planning, Problem solving, Operations, Operations management, Needs assessment, Relationship building, Budget, Process improvement, Training, Staff training Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES    Team Leadership • Strategic Planning • Staff Training & Motivation • Process Improvement  Proactive Problem Solving • Research & Analysis • Negotiations & Presentations • Customer Service  Relationship Building • Resource Allocation • Budget Management • Investigations • Database Management    Maintain full accountability for overseeing all aspects of customer service, contract administration, project management and operations management. Apply strategic planning, prioritization, and management skills toward consistently achieving critical deadlines while maintaining high quality standards. Contribute dynamic information gathering, needs assessment, and analytical skills toward effectively and diplomatically responding to issues for timely resolution.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\145.html#502:::SQL Database Administrator;SQL Database Administrator;best practices (Less than 1 year);capacity planning (Less than 1 year);Database (5 years);database administration (Less than 1 year);SQL (5 years):::SQL Database Administrator SQL <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> SQL Database Administrator - TRW /ZF Highly motivated team player, adapt at multi-tasking and thrives in a fast paced environment, close to 4years track record of experience in SQL Server database administration, with core experience in the following areas:    • Data Migration  • Database Performance tuning  • Backup and Recovery  • Disaster Recovery  • Database Security  • Database upgrades  • High Availability Solutions  • Integration Services  • Database Replication Work Experience SQL Database Administrator TRW /ZF 2015 to Present SQL Database Administrator ACCESS BANK NIGERIA 2011 to 2013 Education Bsc in Sociology LAGOS STATE UNIVERSITY Skills best practices (Less than 1 year), capacity planning (Less than 1 year), Database (5 years), database administration (Less than 1 year), SQL (5 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILL SETS:  RDBMS: SQL 2008 and SQL 2008r2,, SQL 2012  OPERATING SYSTEM: Windows 2000 and Windows 2003 and windows 2008r2    PRODUCTION SURPPORT:  • Experience with implementation of disaster recovery (DR) and strategy planning.  • Experience with setup and administration of SQL Server Database Security environments using Profiles, database Privileges and Roles.  • Provide SQL Server database physical model creation and implementation (data type, indexing, table design)  • Monitored database server performance and if required go for tuning of the TSQL queries, Stored procedures etc.  • Experience in creating SSIS packages to automate the Import and Export of data to and from using SSIS tools like Import and Export Wizard  • Complied with standard security-related procedures that are based on established best practices and conformity to company policy  • Database administration including installation, configuration, upgrades, capacity planning, performance tuning, backup and recovery in managing clusters of SQL servers  • Experience with database upgrades and applying service packs  • Experience in creating, monitoring, backup, recovery and tuning SQL Server databases in a multi-platform environment  • SQL Server Replication  • Flexible, enthusiastic and project oriented team player with solid communication and leadership skills to develop creative solution for challenging client needs.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1450.html#503:::Sr. DevOps/Cloud Engineer;DevOps/Cloud Engineer;DevOps/ Cloud Engineer;Build and Release Engineer;Linux System Administrator;SQL Server Database Administrator;Docker;Git;Jenkins;Json;Python;Ruby;Scripting;Svn;Apache;Linux;Ant;Configuration management;Clearquest;Maven;Chef;Nagios;Virtualization;Bugzilla;Jira;nginx;Devops;AWS;Puppet;Bash;Openstack:::Sr. DevOps/Cloud Engineer Sr. DevOps/Cloud Engineer Sr. DevOps/Cloud Engineer - BCBS Jacksonville, FL * Experience in Implementation of Office365 and Azure Active Directory for single sign-on, authentication, authorization, and Azure Role-based Access Control (RBAC) and configured Azure Virtual Networks (VNets), subnets, DHCP address blocks, DNS settings, Security policies, and routing.  * Experience in Azure App & Cloud Services, Azure Data Factory, Azure SQL Data Warehouse, Power BI, Azure Blob Storage, Web API, VM creation, ARM (Azure Resource Manager) templates, PowerShell scripts, IaaS, Lift & Shift, storage, network and database.  * Experience in writing ARM templates for Azure IaC (Infrastructure as Code) using Terraform to build staging and production environments.  * Experience on building and maintaining systems in Windows Azure for development and production systems. This applies to standard VMs as well as other Azure services.  * Experience on automation of Azure deployments utilizing PowerShell. Worked on Azure Virtual Networks, Network Security Groups and access control rules.  * Experience with AWS services including IAM, Directory Services, Security-Groups ,Organizations, VPC, Code Pipeline, EC2, Lambda, S3, SES, SNS, SQS, CloudFront, API Gateway, Lambda, DynamoDB, RDS, QuickSight, Route53, WAF.  * Experience on working with AWS encryption techniques including AES-256, AWS CMK, CloudTrail and CloudWatch to monitor the logs.  * Hands on experience in implementing Elastic Load Balancer (ELB), Elastic Beanstalk (EBS), AWS Kinesis, EMR, RDS, VPC, CloudFormation, IAM, code deploy, Ops work and RedShift.  * Expertise in migrating on-premise infrastructure to cloud platforms like AWS, Azure, GCP, OpenStack and PCF.  * Hands-on experience in testing a private storage cloud using OpenStack SWIFT software and worked as well with OpenStack Multi-node installation, Configuration and Administration.  * Unique experience with Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF) architecture and design, troubleshooting, Configuring and deploying instances on GCP environments and Data centers, also familiar with Compute, Kubernetes Engine, Stackdriver Monitoring, Elastic Search and managing security groups on both.  * Good knowledge in Infrastructure as Code by using Terraform and CloudFormation and Worked on creating CloudFormation templates for dev, test, staging and production.  * Worked with Kubernetes to manage containerized applications using its nodes, ConfigMaps, selector, Services and deployed application containers as Pods.  * Experienced in OpenShift platform in managing Docker Containers, Kubernetes Clusters, Mesos and implemented a production ready, load balanced, highly available, fault tolerant Kubernetes infrastructure and created Jenkins jobs to deploy applications to Kubernetes Cluster.  * Good Knowledge on Docker components like Docker Engine, Docker hub, Docker-Compose, Docker Registry, Docker container snapshots and Docker Swarm. Used Docker for local Application Deployment and Vagrant for different infrastructure setup and testing of code.  * Experience on Ansible and Ansible Tower to automate repetitive tasks, to deploy critical applications quickly, and proactively manage the changes and wrote many playbooks to manage Web applications,  * Experienced with build, design and maintain the platform automation infrastructure using Chef and Involved in setting up Chef Workstation, Nodes, Cookbooks, and Recipes using Ruby Scripting and familiar with Knife in Chef.  * Experience in creation of puppet profiles and role modules and implemented puppet modules to automate the installation and configuration for a broad range of services.  * Experienced in using Jenkins pipelines to drive all Microservices builds out to the Docker registry and then deployed to Kubernetes, Created Pods and managed using Kubernetes.  * Experience in Custom integration, plugins dev for different tools around CI/CD like Jenkins, Artifactory using API and other techniques.  * Architected Jenkins build pipelines in various Linux environments like RHEL, Centos and Windows to build and deploy Java applications.  * Experience in writing Jenkins Pipeline Groovy Scripts for Continuous Integration and build workflows and Used Jenkins uploading Artifacts into Nexus Repository.  * Extensively worked on automation tools like Hudson, Jenkins and Bamboo for continuous integration and End to End automation for all build and deployments.  * Extensive experience using build tools like Maven and Ant for the building of deployable artifacts (jar, war & ear) from source code.  * Experience in working on tools like TortoiseSVN, CVS, and GIT for source code management and version control.  * Implemented & maintained the branching and build/release strategies using SCM tools GIT, Subversion, Bitbucket and also experienced in migrating GIT repositories to AWS  * Proficient with Shell, Python, Ruby, Perl, Power Shell, JSON, YAML, Groovy, PowerShell scripting languages.  * Experience in load balancing and monitoring with Nagios and Splunk, ELK. Implemented ELK (Elastic Search, Logstash and Kibana) stack for log indexing.  * Experience in deployment of applications on web servers such as Apache HTTP server, NGINX, Apache TOMCAT, Oracle WebLogic, Jboss and worked on Logical Volume Manager (LVM), Veritas Volume Manager, kickstart, Bonding, LAMP and LDAP.  * Application servers like Oracle WebLogic 9.x/10.x, IBM WebSphere 6.x/7.x/8.x, JBoss 4.1  * Hands on experience in Installing ,configuring and managing the RDBMS databases like MySQL, DB2, PostgreSQL and NoSQL databases like MongoDB, DynamoDB, Cassandra DB and Redis.  * Experience using Nagios monitoring system and different Bug Tracking Tools like Remedy, Jira, ServiceNow and ClearQuest.  * Experience in Splunk solution design, architect, deployment and configuration of Splunk components like forwarders, Indexers, Search heads etc.  * Exposed to all aspects of software development life cycle (SDLC) such as Analysis, Planning, Developing, Testing, and Implementing and Post-production analysis of the projects.  * Experience in installing, configuring, supporting and troubleshooting Unix/Linux Networking services and protocols like TCP, SMTP, HTTP, SNMP, NIS, NIS+, OSPF, LDAP, DNS, NFS, DHCP, NAS, FTP, SSH and SAMBA.  * Expertise in Linux/UNIX system builds, administration, Installations, Upgrades, Troubleshooting on different distributions such as Ubuntu, CentOS, Red Hat, RHEL 4.x/5.x/6.x2. Work Experience Sr. DevOps/Cloud Engineer BCBS - Jacksonville, FL February 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  * Migrated servers like relational databases (SQL) and websites to Microsoft Azure cloud and deploying applications on multiple web servers and maintained load balancing, high availability and synchronized on premises Active Directory users to office 365 with AD connect.  * Involved in migrating SQL server databases to SQL Azure Database using SQL Azure Migration Wizard and used Python API to upload agent logs into blob storage.  * Extensive experience in Azure Active Directory in which have maintained the domain with LDAP's and created MFA's (Multi-Factor Authentication) for two-step authentication. Build data sync job on Windows Azure to synchronize data from SQL 2012 databases to SQL Azure. Configured Azure Traffic Manager to build routing for user traffic infrastructure migrations.  * Created and implemented ARM (Azure Resource Manager) templates and deployed them using the Azure portal, also used Azure Quick start templates for Cloud Infrastructure design and implementation to deploy Web Apps on Azure PowerShell Workflow.  * Building and installing servers through Azure Resource Manager Templates or Azure portal. Migrating an On-premises virtual machine to Azure Resource Manager subscription with Azure Site Recovery.  * Managed local deployments in Kubernetes creating local cluster and deploying application containers and coordinated with security, development, and operations team to migrate to Docker containers on Kubernetes.  * Performed automation tasks on various Docker components like Docker Hub, Docker Engine, Docker Compose and Docker Registry. Worked on Kubernetes and Docker Swarm tools to deploy containers in a cluster.  * Integrated Docker container orchestration framework using Kubernetes by creating pods, Config Maps and deployments.  * Adept in use of Configuration Management and Orchestration tools such as Docker, Ansible, Terraform and automated the infrastructure provisioning on Azure using Terraform and Docker.  * Orchestrated and migrated CI/CD processes using CloudFormation, Terraform templates and containerized the infrastructure using Docker setup in Azure.  * Developed Ansible Playbooks to setup a Continuous Delivery pipeline. Deployed microservices, including provisioning Azure environments using Ansible Playbooks.  * Used Ansible and Ansible Tower as Configuration management tool, to automate repetitive tasks, quickly deploys critical applications, and proactively manages change.  * Created and configured Ansible playbooks to automatically install packages from a repository, to change the configuration of remotely configured machines and to deploy new builds and configured with Ansible Tower so that other users can run them with just a push of a button.  * Built EAR and WAR files with custom configuration settings using Maven Tool Kit and further developed Ansible playbooks to pull the artifacts stored in Nexus to continuously deploy the archives on to Apache Tomcat Web Server and WebSphere Application Servers.  * Automated configuration management and deployments using Ansible playbooks and Yaml for resource declaration. And creating roles and updating playbooks to provision servers by using Ansible.  * Converted .Net application to Microsoft Azure Cloud service project as part of cloud deployment. Maintained GIT repositories in the Bitbucket for the services we developed for the project and set up automated testing and deployment using Jenkins.  * Configured SonarQube scanner for code analysis, code smell, finding bugs and checking the quality levels of code.  * Developed Python and Shell scripts for automation of the build and release process. Scripting in multiple languages on Bash, Shell, Python scripting etc. Wrote automation scripts in shell and python to enhance the CI/CD pipeline.  * Experience in using Splunk for log analyzing and improving the performance of servers. Configured Splunk with Azure services and Appian application to create reports and alerts for events and configure alert mail.  * Administrated, maintained documentation and provided training to the users through SCM based tools like JIRA, Nexus, Jenkins, and GIT.  Environment: Azure (SQL Azure, Azure Storage, Azure AD, Web Roles, Worker Roles), Splunk, Kubernetes, Docker, Kubernetes, Ansible, Jenkins, Python, Ruby and shell Scripting, RedHat Linux 7.x, Terraform, JIRA, Configured plug-ins for Apache HTTP server, WebLogic server. DevOps/Cloud Engineer JM Family Enterprises - Miami, FL November 2016 to January 2018 Responsibilities:  * Launched AWS EC2 cloud instances using Amazon Web Services (Linux/ Ubuntu/RHEL) and configured launched instances with respect to specific applications. Created Snapshots and Amazon Machine Images (AMI's) of EC2 instance. Worked on dynamically adding and removing servers from AWS production environment, automating backups by shell for Linux/Unix to transferring data into AWS S3 buckets.  * Used AWS Route53 to route the traffic between different availability zones. Deployed and supported Mem-cache/AWS ElastiCache and then configured Elastic Load Balancing (ELB) for routing traffic between zones.  * Implemented serverless applications on CloudFront, API gateway, AWS Lambda, SNS and created AWS Lambda functions to run scripts in response to events in Amazon DynamoDB table and S3 bucket to HTTP requests using Amazon API gateway.  * Used Amazon IAM to grant fine-grained access to AWS resources to users. Also, managed roles and permissions of users to AWS account through IAM.  * Setup Log Analysis AWS Logs to Elasticsearch and Kibana and manage searches, dashboards, custom mapping and automation of data.  * Built Jenkins jobs to create AWS infrastructure from GitHub repos containing terraform code. Generating artifacts by integrating Jenkins with Git and Maven and storing artifacts into Nexus and deploying into application server.  * Worked on Docker Container snapshots, attaching to a running container, removing images, managing directory structures and managing containers. Composed the Docker file to build the Docker image and configured the Build step - Docker Build and publish in Jenkins to execute the Docker Build step.  * Implemented cluster services using Docker and Kubernetes to manage local deployments by building a self-hosted Kubernetes cluster using Terraform and Ansible.  * Utilized Ansible and AWS lambda, ElasticCache and CloudWatch logs to automate the creation of log aggregation pipeline with Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kibana (ELK) stack to send all our teams logs coming into CloudWatch to process them and send them off to Elasticsearch.  * Used Ansible to manage Web applications, environments configuration files, users, and Packages. Setup Continuous Delivery pipeline using Ansible playbooks. This primarily consists of a Jenkins to run packages and various supporting software components such as Maven.  * Managed security groups on AWS, focusing on high-availability, fault-tolerance, and auto scaling using CloudWatch templates. Along with Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery with AWS Lambda and AWS code pipeline.  * Experience in designing, installing and implementing Ansible configuration management system and in writing playbooks for Ansible and deploying applications. Used Vault feature to encrypt any structured data file by using Ansible. Also encrypted arbitrary files, binary files using Ansible.  * Used Ansible to Setup/teardown of ELK stack (Elasticsearch, Log stash, Kibana) and troubleshoot the build issues with ELK and work towards the solution.  * Created ELK Dashboards and Parsing logs in Graylog and configured Elastic search, Logstash and Kibana (ELK) for log analytics, full text search, application monitoring in integration with CloudWatch.  * Worked on JIRA agile projects like configured columns, filters and reports for sprints. Used JIRA as a change management/ work management/ SCRUM Agile Tool.  * Resolved update, merge and password authentication issues in JIRA. Monitor scalable infrastructure on Amazon web services (AWS) & configuration management using Ansible.  Environment: AWS (EC2, EBS, S3, VPC, Deploy, Code Commit, Private Cloud, API, Route 53 (DNS), ECS, Dynamo DB, Cloud Watch, Kubernetes, Docker, Chef, Jenkins, Python, Shell, YAML, Maven, GIT, RedHat Linux, Bash, Shell, Python, Tomcat. DevOps/ Cloud Engineer Citi Bank - Irving, TX January 2015 to November 2016 Responsibilities:  * Responsible for managing Ubuntu, Linux and Windows virtual servers on AWS EC2 instance by creating Chef Nodes through open source Chef Server. Experience in configuring AWS cloud infrastructure and perform continuous deployment through Jenkins.  * Developed AWS CloudFormation templates to deploy complete stack in multiple accounts. Developed Cloud-Init scripts to bootstrap newly spun instances on to the Chef Server. Copying on data from MySQL to MongoDB for the RBAC design and writing the server properties to Chef Server as attributes for nodes.  * Hands-on experience in creation of the custom Docker container images, tagging and pushing the images and Docker consoles for managing the application of life cycle. Conducted auto deployment of software applications in secure and managed environment using Docker Container technology.  * Deployed and configured Chef Server and Solo including bootstrapping of client nodes for provisioning. Created roles, cookbooks, recipes, and data bags for server configuration, deployment, and app stack build outs and managed Cookbooks to automate system operations.  * Written several Chef Cookbook and recipes to automate the installation of WebLogic domain and JDK installations and have customized recipes from chef super market to align with current requirements.  * Installed Maven and implemented Maven builds to automate artifacts like jar, war and ear and managed Nexus to download the artifacts during the build. Integration of automated build with deployment pipeline.  * Installed Chef Server and clients to pick up the Build from Jenkins repository and deploy in target environments (Integration, QA, and Production).  * Installed, Configured and Managed Monitoring Tools such as Splunk for Resource Monitoring/Network Monitoring and Log Tracing. Worked on Splunk for user administration setup, maintaining account, monitor system performance, configured network and server monitoring.  * Experienced in installing, configuring and maintaining the Continuous Integration (CI) purposes by Jenkins, Nexus and for end to end automation for all builds and deployments. Also have experience in designing and implementing CI (Continuous Integration) system: configuring Jenkins servers, Jenkins nodes, creating required scripts (Perl & Python), and creating/ configuring VMs (Windows/Linux).  * Designed the Branching/Merging strategy for all lobs and to have unique build/release strategy across platform. Created post commit and pre-push hooks using Python in SVN and GIT repos.  * Managed version control tools like Subversion (SVN) and GIT enterprise; and automated current build process with Jenkins with proposed branching strategies to accommodate code in various testing cycles.  * Automated release processes by defining release process and automating most of the release activities using Jenkins, Maven, and bash which enable multiple simultaneous and seamless releases.  * Administered and engineered Jenkins for managing weekly build, test and deploy chain, GIT with Dev/Test/Prod branching model for weekly releases.  Environment: RHEL, Solaris and Windows, AWS, Splunk, Chef, Jenkins, Maven, Python, Ruby, Shell, SVN, JIRA, Test Director, Virtualization. Build and Release Engineer Rally Software - Raleigh, NC August 2013 to January 2015 Responsibilities:  * Administered Bamboo servers which include install, upgrade, backup, adding users, creating plans, installing the local/remote agent, adding capabilities, performance tuning, troubleshooting issues, and maintenance.  * Setting up continuous integration and formal builds using Bamboo with the Artifactory repository and resolved update, merge and password authentication issues in Bamboo and JIRA.  * Implemented and promoted use of Bamboo within the developer community. Validated Jenkins along with Bamboo.  * Installed and configured an automated tool Puppet that included the installation and configuration of the Puppet master, agent nodes and an admin control workstation.  * Wrote Puppet modules for installing different packages, managing versions, setting parameters and manage Web Applications, Config Files, Data Base, Commands, and Users Mount Points.  * Developed build and deployment scripts using ANT as build tool in Jenkins to move from one environment to other environments.  * Responsible to perform Build operations with ANT Scripts, while implementing the required modifications in the ANT Script to perform build operations, in accordance with requirements.  * Integrated Bitbucket with JIRA for transition JIRA issues from within Bitbucket Server and monitored the JIRA issues in Bitbucket Server.  * Involved in troubleshooting the automation of installing and configuring Java applications in the test and production environments.  * Reviewed existing manual Software builds, developed scripts to automate repeated tasks that are more susceptible to errors and risk using Perl and Shell Scripting.  * Implemented and configured Nagios for continuous monitoring of applications and enabled notifications via emails and text messages.  * Used Bugzilla for bug tracking and reporting, also followed up with the development team to verify bug fixes, and update bug status.  * Involved in Building and configuring RedHat Linux Servers using KickStart server as required for the project. Maintained maximum uptime and maximum performance capacity for enterprise production, QA and UAT/staging.  * Performed configuration of standard Linux and network protocols, such as SMTP, DHCP, DNS, LDAP, NFS, SMTP, HTTP, SNMP  Environment: Jenkins, Artifactory, Linux, Maven, JIRA, Nexus, GIT, Shell Scripts, Apache Tomcat, Python, Vagrant, Bash, PowerShell. Linux System Administrator Bayer HealthCare Pharmaceuticals LLC February 2012 to August 2013 Pittsburg, PA  Responsibilities:  * Held multifaceted responsibilities to configure, install, and administer network infrastructure, and telecommunications systems that supported over 200 employees.  * Analyzed and implemented plan for company hardware and software upgrades, taking into account future need.  * Perform daily system monitoring, verifying the integrity and availability of all hardware, server resources, systems and key processes, reviewing system and application logs, and verifying completion of scheduled jobs such as backups.  * Use SCCM to apply patches and updates to all systems, install applications, provide IT reports, manage network accounts and assets, and assist users remotely  * Troubleshooting Linux network, security related issues, capturing packets using tools such as IPtables, firewall, TCP wrappers, NMAP. Maintained Samba File Server for user authentication, syslog domain, and file sharing in Linux/Unix.  * Disk and File system management through Solstice Disk Suite on Solaris and other logical volume manager for other flavor of UNIX.  * Hands-on experience in installation, configuration of SSH to enable secure access to servers, deployment of VMs, Snapshots, and templates.  * Developed various bash shell scripts to automate resource, job monitoring and alerting.  * Created tickets to track, diagnose and resolve new and ongoing incidents using Nagios ticketing system.  * Participated in setup Storage Area Network (SAN) and file system backup and restore.  Environment: Solaris 10/9, RHEL 4.0/5.0, Windows 2003/2008, VMware Infrastructure, Sun SPARC and Intel Servers. SQL Server Database Administrator Medco Health Solutions Inc - Franklin Lakes, NJ December 2010 to February 2012 A Medco health solution is a leading pharmacy benefit manager (PBM) with the nation's largest mail order pharmacy operations. Medco assists its customers to moderate the cost and enhance the quality of prescription drug benefits provided to members nationwide. Ensuring that millions of Americans have access to affordable, high quality prescription healthcare is more than our business - it's our calling. EXPERTxT Advisor-In support of Client-facing teams (i.e., Account Management) and an increased focus on Client intimacy across the enterprise, we developed a new consultative web-based software tool called EXPERTxT Advisor. The design will include performance Metrics and related alerts, retrospective client-specific plan experience and analytics, rules-based logic and extensive modeling capability.    Responsibilities:  * Wrote complex stored procedures to process prospective customer information and balanced the processing load between front end and back end.    * Identified, tested, and resolved database performance issues using performance    * Enhanced the old logical and physical database design to fit new business requirement, and implemented new design into SQL Server 2000.    * Filtered, purged and cleansed bad data from legacy system using complex T-SQL statements in staging area, and implemented various constraints and triggers for data consistency.    * Successfully migrated old data from legacy systems (FoxPro) and external system including text and excel into SQL Server 2005 using DTS, BCP, SSIS and ActiveX scripts.    * Developed & Deployed of various parameterized packages with SQL Integration Services 2005.    * Implemented the Master/Child Package Model so that only the Master Package has to be scheduled which will in turn fire the other packages.    * Generated management reports using MS Reporting services.    * Created and managed Interactivity to reports by using Reporting Service SSRS    * Monitor and SQL profiler and tuned queries and procedures to boost database performance.    * Created views to facilitate easy user interface implementation, and triggers on them to facilitate consistent & data entry into the database.    * To work toward designing OLAP/MOLAP (SSAS), identify the dimensions, to plan schema designing strategy for implementing Cubes.    * Actively participated in user acceptance testing and troubleshooting various production issues    * Created stored procedures to backup transaction logs, flush/grow/shrink log files, maintaining and archiving tables.    * Responsible for database backups, data replication, encryption and database security    * CRM Salesforce.com Data Integration with MS Office using macro's and .net technologies.    * Environment: SQL Server 2000/2005 Enterprise Edition, Data Junction, Informatica, MS Access, MS Excel, DTD, Windows, SSIS, Erwin ,Smart draw  Environment: SQL Server 2000/2005, VB.Net, ASP.Net, XML, VB Script, VBA, Visual Source Safe, SSIS. Education Masters Osmania University, HYD Skills Docker, Git, Jenkins, Json, Python, Ruby, Scripting, Svn, Apache, Linux, Ant, Configuration management, Clearquest, Maven, Chef, Nagios, Virtualization, Bugzilla, Jira, nginx, Devops, AWS, Puppet, Bash, Openstack Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  • Cloud Technologies Azure, AWS.  • Operating Systems Ubuntu, CentOS, Redhat Linux and Windows.  • Build Tools Maven and Ant  • CI/CD Tools Jenkins/Hudson  • Configuration Management Tools Ansible, Chef and puppet  • Containerization/Orchestration tools Docker, Docker Swarm, Kubernetes  • Version Control Tools GIT, Bitbucket, SVN, TFS  • Scripting Languages Python, Ruby, JSON, YAML, Bash shell, Power shell,  • Virtualization Technologies VMware ESX/ESXi, Windows Hyper-V, Virtual box, Vagrant  • Web Servers Apache HTTP 3.x, Apache Tomcat, Nginx  • Monitoring Tools Splunk, Nagios, ELK, App Dynamics, Cloud Watch  • Repository Management JFrog, Nexus, Artifactory  • Bug Tracking Tools Bugzilla, JIRA, HP ALM, IBM ClearQuest  • IDE Tools Eclipse IDE, Netbeans  • Databases MySQL, MS Access, NoSQL (MongoDB, DynamoDB)
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1451.html#504:::Business Services Representative - Receptionist (Workplace Solutions);Database Analyst Contractor;Corporate Receptionist - Administrative Assistant;Office Administrator/Corporate Receptionist;Office Administrator - Corporate Receptionist;Front Office Coordinator:::Business Services Representative - Receptionist (Workplace Solutions) Business Services Representative - Receptionist (Workplace Solutions) Business Services Representative - Receptionist (Workplace Solutions) New Orleans, LA Work Experience Business Services Representative - Receptionist (Workplace Solutions) Goldman Sachs - Houston, TX February 2018 to November 2018 Greeted employees and announces clients, applicants, and visitors, arranged guest's escorts as needed, issued  visitor passes and validates parking  * Received and directed incoming calls to appropriate personnel and voicemail, assisted with scheduling and preparing meetings and conference rooms, coordinated setup of conference/meetings rooms  * Arranged for and reserve projectors and other meeting equipment, ensure equipment is in good operating  condition, arranged video and/or web conferencing as needed  * Coordinated catering for meeting and events, secured approval for catering expenses and reviews invoices  to arrange billing to appropriate department or business unit  * Performed general clerical duties associated with distributing packages and mail as required, used Goldman  Sachs' tracking system to record inbound and outbound courier, freight and mail  * Arranged messenger service as needed, followed location security procedures for screening inbound  deliveries  * Ordered office supplies and other common use items for the location, such as café supplies, equipment  toner, printer paper, freight and shipping supplies etc.  * Maintained a neat appearance reception area, conference rooms café and other common areas  * Requested building and housekeeping services as needed, periodically inspected common area equipment to ensure good operating condition, arranged equipment service as needed, maintained records and logs of  service requests and tracks their status Database Analyst Contractor United Airlines - Houston, TX May 2016 to January 2018 * Coordinated off-site storage activities including retrieval and any refiling  * Prepared files on-site to make space for additional incoming and active records  * Filed and maintain work orders revisions or vendor updates revision updating for United Airlines  Engineering Library  * Prepared, scanned, validated, ensured quality and electronically file documents for Tech Ops  * Provided support to team members' projects and duties as needed Corporate Receptionist - Administrative Assistant Murray Resources LLC - Houston, TX April 2015 to February 2016 Administrative contractor with responsibilities included but not limited to, answering telephones, problem  solving, and ordering office supplies  * Assist in typing correspondence and memos, make travel arrangements and providing clerical support as needed, and the handling all projects as assigned Office Administrator/Corporate Receptionist Flexpipe Systems - Houston, TX September 2014 to April 2015 * Greeted all guests and acted as the point of contact for office, answered and screened inbound phone calls, received and directed incoming calls to appropriate personnel and voicemail.  * Followed security procedures for recording guests, suppliers, visitors, assisted with scheduling and preparing  meeting and conference rooms, coordinated setup of conference/meetings rooms  * Arranged and reserved projectors and other meeting equipment, arranged video and/or web conferencing  as needed, coordinated catering for meeting and events  * Performed general clerical duties associated with distributing office faxes, packages and mail as required, used tracking systems to record inbound and outbound courier, freight and mail  * Maintained neat appearance receptionist area, conference rooms and other common areas, requested  building and housekeeping services as needed, arranged equipment service as needed, maintained records and logs of service requests and tracks their status Office Administrator - Corporate Receptionist Office Team - Houston, TX February 2014 to September 2014 * Responsible for receiving and directing incoming calls to appropriate personnel and voicemail, greeted and announced clients and visitors  * Assisted with scheduling and preparing meeting and conference rooms, coordinated catering for meeting  * Performed general office duties, such as ordering supplies, processing invoices for payment for both client    and vendors, maintained the organization chart and distribution lists Front Office Coordinator International Association of Drilling Contractors - Houston, TX November 2011 to February 2014 Contractor) Brooke Companies  * Greeted and acted as the point of contact for all members and guests attending daily or weekly meetings, answered incoming calls and provided administrative support in a fast-paced environment  * Generated weekly and monthly Rig Reports from Baker Hughes' online reports, maintained membership  files and documents for the director of membership Education Journalism/Public Relations Texas Southern University - Houston, TX 1993 to 1994 Additional Information * Productive and responsible, attention to detail while multi-tasking for accurate work results, strong  communications skills, both written and verbal  * Great interpersonal and presentation skills, attention to detail, and office management experience  * Action orientation to deliver exceptional service and follow through on commitments, able to represent a  company with a professional appearance and manner, ability to solve problems and able make decisions  with minimal supervision  * Proficient in Outlook, MS Office Word, Excel, Outlook and other industry software
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1452.html#505:::Worship Director;Career Advisor / Talent Recruiter;Production Manager, Database and Systems Administrator;Owner Loyalty Manager/Marketing and Customer Relations;Recruiting (10+ years);Career Development (5 years);Public Speaking (10+ years);Presentation Skills (10+ years);Relationship Management (10+ years);Multimedia (10+ years);Social Networking (10+ years);Interviewing (10+ years);Training & Development (10+ years);Customer Relationship Management (8 years);Powerpoint (10+ years);Strategic Planning (5 years);Word (10+ years);training;Marketing:::Worship Director Worship Director Crown Point, IN Career services professional with over 15 years of proven leadership experience, pursuing a career in recruiting, human resources, and corporate training. I possess extensive experience in business relations, career advising, recruiting, training, marketing, and personnel management.     Through 20+ years in vocational ministry and in the marketplace, I have successfully utilized comprehensive organizational, analytical, interpersonal, verbal and writing skills.   I have success in forecasting, planning, and creating new opportunities for growth, along with proficiency in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Publisher, PowerPoint), Pro Presenter, and other business software. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Worship Director Momentum Church - Crown Point, IN March 2015 to Present Provide weekly worship service leadership for multiple campuses  Technical leadership of Sound Techs and Media Operators for all services and events  Arrange, transpose, and organize weekly music  Recruit volunteers and conduct auditions for vocalists/instrumentalists  Monthly scheduling and all administrative tasks building solid weekly worship teams   Assist marketing team with promotional items including creation and distribution   Direct rehearsals and coordinate vocalists/instrumentalists/technical teams   Create engaging multi-media song/sermon/announcement presentations Career Advisor / Talent Recruiter WorkOne - Gary, IN 2014 to 2018 ~Responsible for improving area employers’ access to qualified workers.  ~Host hiring events and assist local employers with workforce recruitment needs in Northwest Indiana.  ~Continual communication and collaboration in filling vacant employment opportunities.  ~Active resume review and skill-matching to open positions online and through networking.   ~Provide continuous employer-readiness feedback to customers through individual coaching.   ~Case management activities ultimately resulting in quality hires by employers.   ~Customer focus, actively engaging customers during their job search until employment is reached.   ~Provide coaching services, rooted in strong employer intelligence and labor market information.   ~Responsible for maintaining a caseload of customers and assisting them with employer readiness skills, job search and interviewing skills, resume development, and other proficiencies related to obtaining, holding and advancing in their chosen career. Production Manager, Database and Systems Administrator Eat Enterprises - Mokena, IL 2012 to 2014 Responsibilities  ~ Accurate and constant front-end management of customer and menu databases   ~Creation of all production materials for kitchen staff in preparation and packaging of 12-15,000 meals daily   ~ Human resource management, including interviewing, hiring, orientations, and training  ~ Consistent and prompt customer relations with such accounts as the Northern Illinois Food Bank, Greater Chicago Food Depository, Geminus Corporation, and Catholic Charities.   ~ Data entry, including monthly menus, up-to-date meal counts, and customer/site contact and delivery information    Accomplishments  A streamlined approach to extremely detailed and multi-faceted operations. From data management in the office to production in the kitchen to packaging for delivery, I (along with 2 others) consistently work at making all data management, production, and logistics understandable and error-free. Owner Loyalty Manager/Marketing and Customer Relations Nissan of Chesterton - Burns Harbor, IN October 2011 to November 2012 ~ Leadership of dealership customer satisfaction through follow-up by phone, mailers, email, and online communications   ~ Responsible for maintaining customer satisfaction indices set by Nissan  ~ Dealership management of Nissan Rental Car services  ~ Operation of the Nissan One-to-One Rewards program to build Service Retention  ~ Facilitate continuous customer service improvement meetings for Sales and Service staff  ~ Earned highest average monthly customer satisfaction scores in the history of the dealership (August 2012) Education Bachelor of Arts in Leadership and Management Lincoln Christian University - Lincoln, IL May 2007 Diploma in Broadcast Technology The Illinois Center for Broadcasting - Lombard, IL June 1996 Skills Recruiting (10+ years), Career Development (5 years), Public Speaking (10+ years), Presentation Skills (10+ years), Relationship Management (10+ years), Multimedia (10+ years), Social Networking (10+ years), Interviewing (10+ years), Training & Development (10+ years), Customer Relationship Management (8 years), Powerpoint (10+ years), Strategic Planning (5 years), Word (10+ years), training, Marketing Links http://www.riverdrivetales.wordpress.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/scott-thomas-99a78578
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1453.html#506:::Youth Ministry Administrator, Small Group Facilitator, IT Support/ Database Specialist;Client Intake/Scheduler;Client Intake/Scheduler, (Volunteer);Non-Profit Youth Program Director;Assistant Administrator (Volunteer);Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint (10+ years):::Youth Ministry Administrator, Small Group Facilitator, IT Support/ Database Specialist Youth Ministry <span class="hl">Administrator</span>, Small Group Facilitator, IT Support/<span class="hl">Database</span> Specialist Youth Ministry Administrator, Small Group Facilitator, IT Support/ Database Specialist - Hope Christian Church Work Experience Youth Ministry Administrator, Small Group Facilitator, IT Support/ Database Specialist Hope Christian Church - Beltsville, MD August 2012 to Present • Engage with youth and families regarding needs of youth such as community service opportunities, counseling, behavioral concerns, mental health, and academic concerns.  • Facilitate small groups with youth discussing such topics as identity, financial principles, faith, relationships, family concerns, and decision making.  • Work with leadership team to develop and make decisions regarding programs, activities, and ministry opportunities and communicate to relevant parties the details.  • Schedule a team of fifteen leaders and a group of around 85 youth for weekly assignments.  • Organize events like conferences, parties, worship services, and outreach events.  • Responsible for researching, proposing, structuring, implementing, and training on new church management system, Church Community Builder. Trainings included group training held on-site, online Zoom sessions, and over the phone sessions.  • Produce monthly demographics reports on visitors.  • Conduct monthly and weekly maintenance and clean-up of database. Client Intake/Scheduler Greater Washington March 2018 to April 2018 • Conduct intake interviews for individuals in need of food and/or clothing while maintaining a professional and courteous demeanor.  • Track each client by inputting accurate data in the system for each visit Client Intake/Scheduler, (Volunteer) Rainbow Community Development Center March 2018 to April 2018 • Schedule clients in Access data base to pick up food in by phone  • Assist packing and distributing food to clients picking up food. Non-Profit Youth Program Director Hope Christian Church - Washington, DC August 2012 to July 2013 • Counsel students whose behavior, school progress, or mental or physical impairment indicate a need for assistance, analyze and address students' problems and arranged for needed services.  • Contribute in the development of organizational policies regarding as participant eligibility, program requirements, and program benefits  • Research and analyze member or community needs to determine program directions and goals, as well as established and maintained relationships with other agencies and organizations in community to meet community needs. Provide direct service and support to individuals or clients and resolved complaints.  • Establish and oversee administrative procedures to meet objectives set by boards of CEO or senior management. Assistant Administrator (Volunteer) PGCPS-Charles Herbert Flowers High School - Springdale, MD February 2010 to January 2011 Responsible for assisting director with tracking Science and Technology Program student success and testing, as well as sending out recommendations. Education Master of Arts in Counseling Psychology The Chicago School of Professional Psychology - Washington, DC March 2022 Bachelor of Arts in Human Relations Trinity Washington University - Washington, DC March 2017 Master of Science in Clinical Mental Health Counseling Washington Adventist University - Takoma Park, MD Skills Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint (10+ years) Assessments Active Listening — Expert August 2019 Actively listening and appropriately responding in conversations. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/d6grty1hgzhxirki Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Groups Psi Chi March 2017 to Present American Counseling Association September 2018 to Present
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1454.html#507:::Sr. Oracle DBA;Oracle DBA;Oracle DBA;Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle DBA;Oracle (7 years);PL/SQL (6 years);RMAN (6 years);SQL (7 years);UNIX (6 years);DBA;Sql Dba;Oracle Dba;MYSQL;Sql Database:::Sr. Oracle DBA Sr. Oracle DBA Sr. Oracle DBA - United Airlines Houston, TX Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Oracle DBA United Airlines - Houston, TX July 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  • Supported multi-terabyte databases on 10g migrating to 11g.  • Upgraded 10g to 11g and applied latest PSU every quarter.  • Installed and configured new Quarterly ORACLE HOMES for the 10g and 11g versioned servers.  • Documented all the incidents and presented in a form of report.  • Supported the agent patching for 12c server transformations.  • Used OEM 11g and 12c to connect to and monitor 10g and 11g databases.  • Making sure the backups and file system usage is up to date.  • Used RMAN, datapump, and SQL Server management studio as needed to perform refreshes of tables and full databases on staging and development environments.  • Tablespace management including, adding/resize data files, allocated quotas to user and managed disk space  • Monitored system performance mostly for costly SQL statements, identified the SQL, evaluated it, got concurrence on it, terminating the processes as necessary to boost performance or refreshing stats or index builds to boost performance.  • Handled frequent code releases and data fixes to production  • Export and Import of User, Tables and Database using exp/imp and Data Pump.  • Performed hundreds of code reviews, stages, and releases to production.  • We also had over 100 databases on SQL Server versions 2005 & 2008 with some migrating to 2012 and 2014.  • Involved in creating and managing users and objects  • Involved in assigning roles and privileges to different users.  • Managed and resolved design issues during development stage. Worked closely with developers.    Environment: Export Import, HP service guard, Upgrade, Migrate, SQL, PL/SQL, SQL Tuning, Instance Tuning, SQL Server 2005, SQL Server 2008, MSSQL, RHEL, AIX, HPUX, Windows, TOAD, Grid Control, RMAN, Troubleshooting Skill. Grid Control, Cloud Control 12c, OEM 12c. Oracle DBA Boeing Company - Milford, OH May 2016 to June 2017 Responsibilities:  • Supported more than 800 databases for more than 150 production servers for 24/7 support.  • Upgraded 10g to 11g and applied latest PSU every quarter.  • Installed and configured new Quarterly ORACLE HOMES for the 10g and 11g versioned servers.  • Primary DBA for 17 databases including DEV/TEST/PRODUCTION on 11g and 12c (Agents and Databases monitoring).  • Supported the upgrade of RHEL and Hardware diagnostics on various servers.  • Worked in all shifts and 5 days snap at the maximum handovers.  • Documented all the incidents and presented in a form of report.  • Supported the agent patching for 12c server transformations.  • Regular work on 12c OEM for Monitoring the system databases and applications for availability and maintenance.  • Making sure the backups and file system usage is up to date.  • ASM is enabled and auto rebalancing is on.  • Supported the quarterly reboots for multiple servers and involved in Data guard home relinking as well as RAC Relinking.  • Prepared the document for applying quarterly UNIX patch over several databases.  • Tablespace management including, adding/resize data files, allocated quotas to user and managed disk space  • Export and Import of User, Tables and Database using exp/imp and Data Pump.  • Installed GRID Patch for 11.2.0.4 and moved ASM to newer homes.  • Installed the fresh homes for 11.2.0.4 on Linux servers.    Environment: Export Import, RAC, Data Guard, ASM, Upgrade, Migrate, SQL, PL/SQL, SQL Tuning, Instance Tuning, SQL Server 2005, SQL Server 2008, MSSQL, RHEL, AIX, HPUX, Windows, TOAD, Grid Control, RMAN, Troubleshooting Skill. Grid Control, Cloud Control 12c, OEM 12c. Oracle DBA AT&T - Dallas, TX April 2015 to May 2016 Responsibilities:  • Installing and Managing Oracle 10g and 11g RAC databases.  • Good experience in handling RAC production environments.  • Maintain the Oracle 10g RAC environment and troubleshoot performance problems.  • Installation, configuration and maintenance of Oracle 10g/11g databases.  • Set up, configured and maintained oracle active data guard/Veritas Cluster (primary and standby databases) to ensure disaster recovery, high availability and data protection.  • Performed day-to-day DBA jobs for managing Production/Development databases.  • Excellent experience in Opatch and Oracle upgrades.  • Support & Maintenance of Production, Development and Test Databases on various servers Solaris and HP.  • Creating and managing users with appropriate tablespaces and Indexes, public and private database links.  • Rebuilding Indexes and gather statistics on tables on different databases on a regular basis to gain database performance.  • Manage users, privileges, profiles, schemas using Oracle Grid Manager, Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) and SQL.  • Worked on import/export and datapump export/import  • Tuning the Databases for optimization using AWR, ASH, ADDM, STATSPACK, Explain Plans and TKPROF, Estimating Table & Index Size.  • Used Quest live re-org and IONS for database tuning.  • Configured shell scripts for job/process automation.  • On call DBA and provides 24X7 supports for production problems.  • Excellent experience in moving databases to different servers and schemas to different databases.  • Excellent experience in managing space for tablespaces with physical and logical standby databases in place.    Environment: Oracle 11g/10g/9i/, data guard with physical and logical standby databases, Sun Solaris 10 on M5000/M3000, HP servers, Oracle Enterprise Manager, SQL, TOAD, AWR, ASH, ADDM, TPROF, Explain plan, STATSPACK, from oracle to oracle databases. Oracle Database Administrator PNC Bank Pittsburg, PA January 2013 to March 2015 Responsibilities:  • Part of the team for database upgrade from 10.2.0.2 to 10.2.0.4 with logical and physical standby in place.  • Performed day-to-day DBA jobs for managing Production/Development databases.  • Provided 24X7 supports for production problems  • Supported 17 production/development databases.  • Migrating and upgrading the databases to higher versions.  • Part of the migrating team responsible for up gradation from Oracle 9i to Oracle 10g.  • Worked on Opatch and Oracle upgrades.  • Responsible for installing, upgrading and configuring the Oracle server.  • Worked in release management involving database components.  • Support & Maintenance of Production, Development and Test Databases on various servers.  • Oracle security and familiar with database vault.  • Creating users, tables with appropriate table space and Indexing, database links.  • Manage users, privileges, profiles, schemas using Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM).  • Developed PL/SQL packages, stored procedures, functions, Cursors, triggers.  • Set up Grid Control to monitor databases.  • Worked on import/export, export datapump/import datapump and SQL- loader.  • Backup/Restoration, scheduling Backups, taking Logical Backups  • Setup backup, recovery and testing backups and procedures using RMAN.  • Automation of job scheduling by crontab.  • Tuning the Databases for optimization using STATSPACK, Explain Plans and TKPROF, Estimating Table & Index Size.  • Database Tuning - Tuning Applications, Memory Tuning and Tuning Disk Usage.  • Partitioned large tables to increase the performance.    Environment: Oracle 10g/9i , HP-UX, Windows NT/2000, Sun Solaris 10, Oracle Enterprise Manager, SQL, TOAD, Erwin Data Modeler, RMAN, TPROF, Explain plan, STATSPACK, I3agent, SQL* Loader Oracle DBA MBIA - Armonk, NY June 2010 to December 2012 Responsibilities:    • Installed 9i, applied patches in various environments and upgraded databases from 9i to 10g.  • Set up, configured and maintained oracle data guard (primary and standby databases) to ensure disaster recovery, high availability and data protection.  • Performed day-to-day DBA jobs for managing Production/Development databases.  • Provided 24X7 supports for production problems.  • Management of table spaces for different users by granting quota on Default & Temporary tables paces.  • Estimated Storage capacity for database objects.  • Monitored the growth of the database objects UNIX Shell and Perl scripting. Implemented for capacity planning.  • Created UNIX shell and Perl scripts to automate batch jobs through Crontab.  • Extraction of data from different flat files into Oracle Database using SQL*Loader and automated the process by using Basic Replication using materialized views and streams.  • Utilized SQL*loader and data pump import to load data into tables.  • Utilized Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) to manage users, privileges, profiles, schemas.  • Database Administration and Planning including logical design, physical design, backup & recovery.  • Took a logical backup of the entire database using import/export utility.  • Monitored the various database activities such as backup, error logs, space, object, performance, user and session monitoring to ensure proper capacity and availability  • Performed Database and SQL tuning by using various Tools like STATSPACK, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN, optimizer hints and SQL tuning advisor.  • Tuning test and production database by altering the parameters.  • Implemented JDBC (Java Database Connectivity).  • Export and Import of database objects to copy from one database to another database.  • Investigating suspicious database activity using Auditing.    Environment: Oracle 10g/9i , HP-UX, AIX, Sun Solaris, Red Hat Linux, Oracle Enterprise Manager, SQL, PL/SQL, TOAD, Erwin Data Modelar, RMAN, TPROF, Explain plan, STATSPACK, SQL* Loader, Windows NT/2000 Education Bachelor's Skills Oracle (7 years), PL/SQL (6 years), RMAN (6 years), SQL (7 years), UNIX (6 years), DBA, Sql Dba, Oracle Dba, MYSQL, Sql Database Additional Information Technical Skills:    OPERATING SYSTEMS: HP-UX 10.x, 11.x, Sun Solaris 2.5, 2.6, 8, 9, 10, AIX 5.1, 5.2, IBM, Red Hat Linux RHEL 2.1, 3.x, 4.x and Windows 95/98/NT/2000/XP.  RDBMS: Oracle 11g/10g/9i/, SQLServer2005.  LANGUAGES: SQL, PL/SQL, JAVA, Pro*C, C, C++, XML, UNIX Shell Scripting.  TOOLS/UTILITES: Recovery Manager (RMAN), RAC, STATSPACK, Clusters, VERITAS Net Backup, EMC Storage(DMX4), Developer 2000, SQL Loader, TOAD 9.7/9.5/7.6/7.5, ER/Studio, Oracle Enterprise Manager,  HARDWARE: HP-UXB.11.23.0409 (Itanium2), HP Service guard A.11.16, SunFire6900, IBM eServer p5 Model 590.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1455.html#508:::Sr. Oracle DBA;Oracle DBA;Oracle DBA;Oracle DBA;Jr. Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle (7 years);RMAN (6 years);Solaris (6 years);SQL (7 years);UNIX (7 years);Oracle Dba;MYSQL;DBA;Sql Dba;Sql Database;DB2;Sql Server;Documentum;Linux;ASM;RAC;Oracle Database:::Sr. Oracle DBA Sr. Oracle DBA Sr. Oracle DBA - Merrill Lynch Sebring, FL • Over 7+ years of experience as an Oracle DBA in various domains to deliver new products, upgrades with Oracle 10g, 11g and 12c on Sun Solaris, Red Hat Linux and Windows platforms.  • Extensive knowledge on database administration for Oracle 12c, 11g, 10g, 9i with experience within a very large scale database environment and mission critical large OLTP systems in a variety of environments like Linux, HP-UX, IBM-AIX, Sun Solaris, RHEL and Windows.  • Expert in planning, creation, administration and troubleshooting of Oracle 11g/10g/9i, OLTP (multiple instances)/OLAP databases.  • Expertise in setup, installation, configuration, maintenance and troubleshooting of several Oracle tools and utilities like Oracle Grid Control, Cloud Control, Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM), TOAD, Oracle SQL Developer in various versions.  • Experience in Real Application Clusters (RAC) setup, configuration and cluster interconnection with Automatic Storage Management (ASM), configured user log on load balancing and failover on RAC database for high availability.  • Strong experience in migrating database from Non-ASM to ASM and Non-RAC to RAC.  • Have Hands on experience in Oracle 10g, 11g 3-Node RAC implementation & administration (Oracle Cluster ware setup and configuration, RAC installation using ASM, Configuration and Patching, RAC Backup and Recovery).  • Solid experience in disaster recovery, Database backup concepts and options such as user-managed backup, RMAN-managed backup with or without catalog, operating system backup, cold and hot backup, full backup, incremental, cumulative backup and implementing backup and recovery strategies.  • Skilled in developing RMAN scripts for database back up including hot and cold backup options for both RAC and standalone instances.  • Extensive knowledge in Database Cloning using RMAN, VERITAS Net Backup, IBM Tivoli Storage Manager (TSM).  • Have implemented replication and two types of standby databases logical standby and physical standby databases supported by DATAGUARD for DR high availability.  • Excellent experience in various migration techniques like export/import, Data pump, backup, restore, cloning, and data guard.  • Experience on Data Replication using Snapshot, Materialized views, import/export.  • Writing scripts in the UNIX based environments for managing the users roles and privileges, scheduled backups (using data-pump /cold backups), manage statistics, Disk space management.  • Experience on Oracle monitoring tools including Oracle Application Server monitoring and Oracle Linux monitoring using NMON and TOP commands.  • Performance tuning of the database - SQL Tuning, Used Tuning utilities like STATSPACK, AWR, ADDM and Tuning of SGA, Distribution of disk I/O, Sizing of tables and indexes.  • Expertise in using EXPLAIN PLAN for query optimization and Performance diagnostic tools like SQL Trace and TKPROF.  • Experience in writing PL/SQL Stored Procedures, Functions, Packages and Triggers, various UNIX Shell Scripting.  • Knowledge on Exadata Smart Scan technology which improves query performance by intensive query processing and data mining scoring to scalable intelligent storage servers.  • Experience using Erwin as a Data Modeling tool.  • Excellent interpersonal and strong analytical, problem-solving skills combined with strong customer service attitude.  • Proven abilities in establishing effective task priorities, working independently, and participating as an integral part of a team in fast-paced and multitasking environment.  • Provided 24*7 on-call production database support and maintenance including remote database support. Worked on Automatic Storage Management with SAN storage for managing data in EMC symmetric.  • Knowledge of Data Normalization and its normal forms.  • Strong experience in providing 24/7 support for corporate databases, timely resolution of tickets, and on-call rotation. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Oracle DBA Merrill Lynch - Sebring, FL March 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  • Planning, implementing and validating various versions of Oracle Databases to 10gR2(10.2.0.4,)& 11g R1(11.1.0.7) & 11gR2 upgrades on all the environments (in a procedural approach Dev, Test, Stage and Production) also Planning of back out procedures like downgrades/building parallel environments and also working on proof of concept for Oracle 11g upgrades.  • Minimum Downtime Migration to Oracle Exadata with Oracle GoldenGate  • Worked on Oracle 12C Grid Control including monitoring/setup and performance tuning purposes.  • Configured Goldengate 12c RAC -- RAC Active configuration with 11g database.  • Update existing 10.2 and 11.2 databases to 12c RAC.  • Installation of 11.2.0.3 RAC(3 node) from the Scratch and the maintenance of the high available Databases.  • Migrated OCR and VOTING disks to newer disks by adding newer disks from SAN and dropping the old disks by using ASM's native rebalancing feature.  • Installing and configuring Grid Infrastructure & Database software. (Troubleshooting using cluvfy & handling common issues that arise during integration of the whole - bugs, network issues, configuration files issues, OCR issue, deinstallation & cleanup of Clusterware).  • Performed migration of the oracle databases whose database sizes vary from 300 to 500GB from Oracle 10.2.0.4/11.1.0.7/11.2.0.1 to Oracle 11.2.0.3 using Exp/Imp and Expdp/Impdp.  • Implementing Physical and Logical Standby Setups Data Guard Configurations.  • Set up Active Dataguard Configurations for oracle database 11.2.0.3 for thirty databases whose size varies from 2TB to 5TB on a 3 node RAC.  • Strong knowledge of Oracle internals, tools including DBMS jobs, RMAN, SQLPlus, export/import, Toad, Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM).  • In-depth knowledge of Oracle internals and architecture.  • Experience with testing and debugging Oracle Internals, Architecture and Performance issues.  • Involved in Golden Gate CDC setup.  • Performance Tuning for Functions that are called from PL/SQL queries, where the functions might be executed millions of times. You will want to look at all performance features to make the function as efficient as possible, and perhaps a function-based index to precompute the results for each row and save on query time.  • Experience in setting up Golden Gate for CDC extraction of files for ETL.  • Experience in Implement and maintain monitoring tools for Golden Gate components.  • Scheduling jobs through oracle JOB SCHEDULAR, Control M, Crontab (UNIX), Scheduled Tasks (Windows) and Maestro 7.0 (Job Scheduling Tool).  • Knowledge of the Oracle Golden Gate installation, configuration, troubleshooting GG issues.  • Migrating databases to Oracle Exadata Database Machine for different clients.  • Analyzing database performance and tuning database on Oracle Exadata using Real Application Testing (RAT)  • Installing, configuring and maintaining Enterprise Manager Cloud Control to monitor and manage Exadata and regular databases  • Configuring Data Guard to ensure high availability, data protection and disaster recovery for enterprise data.  • Developed RMAN Cold Backup Script to take backups automatically every week for about 200 databases vary in size from 200GB to 2TB and automated the process through crontab.  • Ran Scripts for Health Check on Exadata Storage Servers.  • Implemented Oracle Patches CPU & PSU on the Compliance databases Device a plan to patch them.  • Checking Databases Backup and Restore validity periodically, and Data refreshes from Production to Non-Production environment, Creation Duplicate Databases using RMAN Backups.  • Performance Tuning for Optimized results using Explain-Plan, SQL-Trace, STATS PACK reports and AWR Reports. Provided recommendations using ADDM reports. Analyzed the trace files Using TKPROF utility.  • Involved in Production Support for Critical Application Databases when needed.  • Installing agent 12c on the server. Adding High Available Database with CRS, Scheduling Backups through OEM12c.  • Scheduling jobs through oracle JOB SCHEDULAR, Crontab (UNIX).  • Closely Worked with Oracle support in identifying some long standing issues. Also extensively used oracle Metalink.  • Managing the cluster resources and performing health check of all instances within the cluster.    Environment: Oracle 11gR2 RAC/ASM/DATAGUARD/RMAN/SQL Tuning/Upgrade/Migration/Space Estimation/24*7 support Upgrade/Patching/Migration/Backup&Recovery/Mirroring 24*7 support Oracle DBA UBER Inc - Dallas, TX December 2015 to February 2017 Responsibilities:  • Build 2 node RAC cluster  • Setup Maximum Availability Physical standby Data Guard  • Refreshed databases using RMAN duplicate database.  • Refreshed schemas using data pump.  • Deployed and supported Exadata.  • Worked with storage admins for disk space for ASM  • Migrated databases from UNIX file system to ASM.  • Applied CPU / PSU / one-off patches.  • Used 12c cloud control to monitor databases.  • Setup jobs/alerts using OEM.  • Utilized a combination of Bash and Korn shell scripting to integrate two sets of scripts  • Created and modified shell scripts  • Worked with shadow copy software to back up large databases and quantities of data  • Migrated data from one server to another  • Worked with CLI and GUI  • Worked with vi Text editor  • Modified existing RMAN scripts.  • Worked on Hitachi Shadow image.  • Generated Oracle Audit Remediation reports  Environment: Oracle 9i, 10G, 11G, & 12C, SQL, SQL*Plus, HP-UX 11.31 OEM, Data Guard, Sun Solaris Unix, Linux, Windows Oracle DBA Fed Ex - Nashville, TN February 2013 to November 2015 Responsibilities:  • 24 X 7 Production database administration, support and monitoring to ensure a proactive problem recognition and resolution of database issues.  • Proactive database monitoring using 11g grid monitoring tool.  • Installation, Configuration and Maintenance of RAC, Stand by database. Installed and Configured Oracle 11g RAC, CRS using ASM.  • Implemented the Physical Data Guard in Maximum performance mode for production system in case of disaster recovery, maintain primary and standby databases.  • Database migrations from HP-UX11 to AIX 6.1 platforms.  • SQL tuning using statspack and explain plan, tkprof.  • Developer Environment Setup, Support, Cloning and Refreshes.  • Responsible for upgrade & migrating databases from 10g to 11g &11g to 12c.  • Conducting sizing & capacity planning for Oracle databases.  • Upgrading development and production databases to Oracle 11g ,12c & OEM  • Install, configured and maintained Oracle 10g on Linux Red Hat 5  • Clone database from Production to Development, QA testing environments  • Create materialized view (snapshot)  • Installed, patched, and configured Oracle 10g and monitoring Oracle database.  • Upgrade OPatch  • Rolling install oracle patch in Oracle RAC 11g  • Upgrade database from 10g to 11g  • Managed table space  • Monitoring database in GRID CONTROL, OEM and OS level  • Provided support to Application Database Administrators in designing the database.  • Installed and Implemented Backup & Recovery procedures.  • Taking periodic Backup of the Database and the software using RMAN and VERITAS Netbackup.  • Used RMAN for backup and recovery. Performed backup validations using RMAN.  • Implement Hot, Cold and Logical backup plans  • Customization and development of Korn shell scripts.  • Management of schemas, objects partitioning the tables & indexes.  • Automation of data load using Korn shell scripting and SQL*Loader.  • Responsible for setting and managing user accounts, Granting required privileges to users.  • Defining and Implementation of backup and recovery strategies.  • Perform other regular DBA activities including space management and performance monitoring.  • Involved in process improvement, Oracle Server Installations / Upgrades/Patches, Space Management, Capacity Planning, Backup & Recovery, Disaster Recovery, Database Performance Tuning, Memory Tuning, Application Tuning, Security Administration, Data Warehousing, Data Guard, Oracle Advanced Replication, Real Application Clusters, Oracle Standby.  • Oracle Database monitoring, troubleshoot and resolve the issues.  • Management of schemas, objects partitioning the tables & indexes.    Environment: Sun Solaris 5.10, Aix 6.1, HP-UX 11.31 Oracle 9i, Exadata, 10G, 11G, & 12C, OEM, UNIX, SQL, Oracle Auditing, Oracle Partitioning, Oracle Replication, Hot Standby, Data Guard. Oracle DBA Verizon - Nashville, TN November 2011 to January 2013 Responsibilities:  • Conducting case / system / process study for project planning, scoping, estimation, tracking.  • Implementing the of project plans within deadlines.  • Mentoring the team and deploying them with the task.  • Defining best practices for project support and documentation.  • Installing, configuring, upgrading and patching of Oracle server software  • Creating the table spaces, rollback segments, user maintenance, database security imposition by creating, maintaining and granting roles and privileges, performance tuning.  • Managing oracle security and oracle network tools.  • Handling the maintenance of Oracle Apps11i and R12 (single/multi node) on Linux platforms.  • Providing technical support to development teams.  • Evaluating oracle features and related products. Set-up and maintain documentation and standards.  • Interfacing with Oracle technical teams for upgrades, versions and utilities.  • Single and three node installation of Test, Development and Production servers on different Hardware platforms  • Regular monitoring of , database health check-up  • Performing Maintenance activities using AD-Utilities.  • Applying patches to Oracle Homes using opatch utility.  • Database Upgradation 9.2.0.3.0 to 9.2.0.8.0 & 9.2.0.8.0 to 10.2.0  • Upgraded 10g AS Homes from 10.1.2 to 10.1.2.3 and 10.1.3 to 10.1.3.5  • Converting Forms mode from Servlet mode to Socket mode and vice-versa.  • Collection of Diagnostics and Traces to debug issues.  • Interaction with Oracle support in handling the user related issues.  • Resolving errors faced by technical and functional users.  • Troubleshooting Apache, Forms, Reports and Concurrent Manager Components of s  • Making Configuration Changes using auto config.  • Managing tablespaces, control files and Database objects  • Create and maintain Apps users, responsibilities, menus and profiles etc.  • Managing and Controlling the Securities using System Administration  • Tracing & Debugging the s & Concurrent Programs  • Support& New Implementations for around 500 customers in 24/7 365 days    Environment: SQL, SQL*Plus, Oracle 9i, 10g, Sun Solaris Unix, Linux, Windows Jr. Oracle Database Administrator Alpharetta, GA June 2010 to November 2011 Responsibilities:  • Creation of the Development, Test and Production Oracle 9i databases.  • Part of Migration team from 8i/9i test databases to 10g, my role was to test the migrated database in different scenarios with different loads, test different new features of 10g and how can we take advantage of those new features.  • Setting up and configuration of database with 10g in RAC environment with data guard.  • Worked in backup team and was responsible for configuration and implementation of backup strategies using RMAN and Data Guard in RAC environment.  • Team member of Strategic planning team was responsible for Developing backup and recovery strategy, database tuning strategies, capacity planning etc.  • Cloning of production database to the test environment using Recovery Manager (RMAN).  • Database Administration & Planning including logical design, physical design, backup & recovery.  • Managing Application user profiles and managing concurrent managers, concurrent processing, load balancing etc.  • Setting Oracle Streams for bi-directional replication between two databases.  • Worked with application developers on setting of 9i advanced queuing for data transfer between various applications.  • Extraction of data from different flat files into Oracle Database using SQL*Loader and automated the process by using UNIX Shell scripting.  • Daily DBA activities like Tuning of SQL/PLSQL, Performance Tuning, Database auditing and managing user groups, Database security, OS space monitoring etc.  • Documentation of Data Base Setup and administration of Server Environment.    Environment: Oracle 8.1/ 9.2.0/ 10.1/11, SOLARIS 8/9, AIX 5L, SQL, PL/SQL, Putty, TKPROF, Erwin, TOAD, SQL Loader, RMAN Education Bachelor's Skills Oracle (7 years), RMAN (6 years), Solaris (6 years), SQL (7 years), UNIX (7 years), Oracle Dba, MYSQL, DBA, Sql Dba, Sql Database, DB2, Sql Server, Documentum, Linux, ASM, RAC, Oracle Database Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    Operating Systems RHEL, HP-UX, Windows, Sun Solaris  RDBMS Oracle 10g R2, 11g R1/R2  High Availability RAC, Data Guard,  Languages SQL, Java, C, PERL, UNIX Shell, T-SQL  Tools RMAN, OEM, SQL*Loader, exp, imp, expdp, impdp, ERWIN, TOAD, etc  Tuning Tools TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN, STATSPACK, SQL Advisor, DBMS, Stats
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1456.html#509:::Student;Database Software Engineer;Database Developer / Administrator (Volunteer Project);Data Software Engineer;Data and Information Systems Coordinator;Executive Assistant;Administrative Assistant;ODBC (2 years);SQL (1 year);VBA (7 years);XML (4 years);XSLT (4 years);Excel;Business Intelligence;access;Tableau Desktop (Less than 1 year):::Student Student Family Caregiver Washington, DC DATA ANALYTICS ROLE WITH FAST-TRACK ADVANCEMENT POTENTIAL Work Experience Student Montgomery College - Rockville, MD August 2017 to July 2018 Information Technology Training:Cybersecurity, Database / Systems Administration, Software / Web Development  • Cybersecurity Bootcamp; Python II; Python I; Introduction to Linux Systems Administration; SQL Server Database Administration II; SQL Server Database Administration I; Linux II; Linux I; Java Level III; Java Level II; Java Level I; Java Web Development Bootcamp Database Software Engineer Manpower Staffing - Gaithersburg, MD July 2015 to September 2015 Created Microsoft Access 2010 employee training certification database for division of worldwide manufacturing corporation. Database gave staff ability to monitor required training course completion by employee as required by their job description. Database Developer / Administrator (Volunteer Project) Episcopal Church of the Ascension - Gaithersburg, MD February 2011 to June 2013 Created a Church Attendance database using Microsoft Access 2010, MS Access VBA, ActiveX, ODBC and MS Excel VBA programming, complete with data entry screens and automated Microsoft Excel 2010 spreadsheet reports. Entered weekly data and ran reports. Data Software Engineer MedImmune - General Computer Resources (GCR) - Gaithersburg, MD September 2011 to January 2012 • Designed and wrote a complex, completely automated, hiring process metrics data system for the Associate Director of Human Resources using MS Access 2007, Visual Basic for Applications (VBA) programming language, MS Excel VBA, and MS Access SQL developer language, ActiveX Data Objects (ADO) and ODBC connectivity. Imported data from MedImmune office locations worldwide, measuring several points-in-time efficacy of the hiring process from the job posting date through the final actual start date of candidates. Worked closely with data vendors to eliminate data entry errors and greatly reduce data delays.  • Imported raw data from disparate systems to be shaped and queried for reporting purposes. As a result, the program automated database generated 18 reports and 3 unique pivot table reports, all in the same seven-minute run time.  • Managed all project management tasks and documented historical progress. Identified each phase required, what each required for completion, and what strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats were possible for each phase. Data and Information Systems Coordinator Association for Public Policy Analysis and Management (APPAM) - Washington, DC February 2010 to July 2010 • Tasked by outgoing Executive Director to commence rewrite of two MS Access 2003 databases, one for member services and one for annual conference proposals. Created new architecture for both databases.  • Worked closely with outside local vendors to improve the data quality of daily downloaded SQL-Server query information into the Membership system. Executive Assistant Manpower Professional - Gaithersburg, MD May 2005 to February 2010 Contract and Temporary positions)  • Designed, developed, and created a new intake database system, extensively written using MS Access, Excel, and Outlook applications and respective application-specific VBA. Developed three Access databases (for survey data collection, measuring a program's teaching effectiveness, and federal reimbursement of funding).  • Created a Utilities Management Payment decision-support data system in MS Access for a Montgomery County agency that maintains billing, audits accounts, and imports XML formatted records via XSLT into the new database. Administrative Assistant Montgomery College - Rockville, MD March 2008 to March 2009 Designed a new multi-user financial resource management data system in MS Access 2007 with MS Excel pivot table reports written using advanced-level Access VBA, Excel VBA and Outlook VBA. The system permitted users to review internal billing invoices. Ease-of-use access screens gave users the ability to create various ad hoc searches based on date range, product type, vendor name, or invoice number. Education Bachelor's Degree Religious Ethics, George Mason University - Fairfax, VA 1994 Skills ODBC (2 years), SQL (1 year), VBA (7 years), XML (4 years), XSLT (4 years), Excel, Business Intelligence, access, Tableau Desktop (Less than 1 year) Links http://linkedin.com/in/sarah-rubin-6645a211 Additional Information RELEVANT SKILLS:    • ActiveX Data Objects 2.8  • CentOS 6.9  • CSS3  • Cybersecurity  • Fedora 28  • FileZilla 3.37.4  • GitHub Desktop 1.4.2  • Gnome Terminal  • HTML 4/HTML5  • IntelliJ IDEA  • JavaScript  • JQuery  • Kali Linux  • LINUX  • MS Office 2016 Suite  • MS Power BI  • MS SQL Integration Services  • MS SQL Server 2017  • MS SQL Server Analysis Services  • MS SQL Server Reporting Svcs.  • MySQL Server 5.7.14  • MySQL Workbench 8.0  • NetBeans 8.2  • Notepad++  • ODBC; OLE DB  • OLAP/OLTP  • Oracle VM Virtual Box  • PHP 7.1.9  • PHPStorm  • PyCharm  • Python 3.7  • SQL Server Data Tools  • SUSE 42  • Tkinter (Python GUI)  • Ubuntu 16.04  • Oracle VM VirtualBox  • Visual Basic 6.0/VBA  • Visual Studio 2015/2017  • WAMPServer64  • Web Design Basics  • Windows Server 2016  • wxPython (Python GUI)  • XML and XSLT
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1457.html#510:::GM Motors;LMS Administrator/ Database Administrator;LMS Administrator/ Training Coordinator;LMS Coordinator:::GM Motors GM Motors GM Motors - Raytheon Remote Work Experience GM Motors Raytheon 2017 to Present Learning Management System Content Administrator (Remote)  Leading the technical efforts and conducting recommendations of path forward for GM Motors  educational resources including the Center of Learning (LMS), managing documentation and updating internal document content and there hosted sites. Training new LMS Admins to processes, as well as leading projects from concept to delivery.    • Provide support of level II escalations to all eLearn inquiries, resolve more complex  issues unresolved by level I teams related to all Compliance based training.  • Create, add, modify online content, exams, curricula, catalogs, assignments  profiles, and review rosters for credit validation.  • Add, modify, develop SOPs, Work Instructions, Job Aids, Protocols, and train to them.  • Perform QA Testing on AICC and SCORM modules, review SOP and quizzes before pilot launch and assignments.  • Work with trainers, SME, and Managers to schedule and coordinate ILTs and virtual  training sessions.  • Support, coordinate, monitor and manage training activities for varies dealerships  • Manage multiple training projects with enternal and external vendors. LMS Administrator/ Database Administrator PDC Energy - Denver, CO 2015 to 2016 Oversee the design, development and overall implementation of Saba, support efforts to build and execute the overall technology roadmap and strategy for the LMS. Managed  relationship with 3rd party vendors with purchased course content (i.e. SkillSoft AICC files,  Drive Safe SCORM files). Acted as a consultant to internal Directors, Managers and Supervisors of path forward regarding learning solutions.    • Developed reporting templates, policies and summaries, and elearning videos  to ensure compliance training, recommend resolution to training gaps,  monitor and edit data, streamline compliance and create ad-hoc reports  • Closely work with remote teams to identify system deficiencies, ensuring system  accuracy and improving volume of training to role-specific requirements based upon newly implemented policies and procedures  • Design and Develop Ad Hoc Reports based on business objectives, trained  management and trainers to usage of these reports and accessibility.  • Mentor Managers, QA teams and SME's alike regarding employee training plans,  designed a method for building learning plans for each new job. Created SOPs, step by step work instructions and evaluated all learning content.  • Beta tested changes to the LMS within the sandbox environment, posts and test e-  Learn modules, assigning to specific groups for completion, update roster attendance,  ensure demographics are accurately set for compliance training with regulatory deadlines. LMS Administrator/ Training Coordinator AlloSource - Centennial, CO 2012 to 2014 Managed the transition from Cornerstone to Success Factors including change management,  training matrix, policies and procedures, updating SharePoint 'how to', administered the day- to-day systems administration and continued operation (LMS) to ensure seamless execution of  learning compliance, coaching management and serving the learning needs of the organization for both compliance requirements and Org Development opportunities. Serving  as the front-line resource to all levels of employees and acting as a liaison between the organization and the LMS vendor.    • Successfully designed and launched dozens of academic and training courses, face- to- face and distance learning  • Provided high-level of LMS training for all leveled employees, including  classroom, video conferencing, webinars, and Q&A  • Demonstrated successful application of design principles for eLearning training  and blended learning tools  • Trained Managers on employee on building learning plans to ensure systematic results of  • Responsible for creating, modifying and enhancing a diverse array of courses for the purpose of improving the performance of individuals and groups with an enterprise  focus.  • Create new systems based reports for the a variety of needs (i.e. training  discrepancies, compliance confirmation, proper training deployment)  • Demonstrated successful application of design principles for eLearning training  and blended learning LMS Coordinator Denver Health - Denver, CO 2005 to 2010 Successfully managed/coordinated training events, marketing events, and advertisements.  Assisted with transition to the validation of a global LMS platform. Collaborate with the Director to create vision, design and consistently meet deadlines and requirements. Coordinate  all logistics of events and vendors to meet all project requirements and deadlines.    • Maintained and administered the LMS day to day as well as the support inbox.  • Worked closely with internal clients to effectively deploy training for Medicaid, Medicare  and CHP+ Programs to meet hospital requirements  • Tested scripts for e-Learn status updates.  • Updated the CRM with new client data to include updated contracts, client demographics,  vendor contracts, patent information, and confidential legal information.    "Janee is attentive to detail and accuracy, is committed to excellence, looks for improvements  continuously, monitors quality levels. She has very good investigative skills which enable her to quickly  get to the source of system problems and implements appropriate corrective actions."    ~ Denis Meade, Director of Training & Development/ AlloSource (Previous Director) Education Management Software Center of Learning; Cornerstone; Success Factors; SumTotal & Smart Solve Additional Information • Strong background of e-learn, implementation, e-Learning, and educational technology.  • 12+ years of experience in adult education in highly regulated environments such as healthcare  industries, Oil & Gas industries, and manufacturing industries.  • Extensive QA/QC testing experience of training material within Ethics and Compliance  Departments  • Outstanding communication skills, problem solving, attention to detail, and time management  • Positive attitude and high levels of professionalism to meet the expectation  • Project management experience in training activities.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1458.html#511:::BI Enterprise Data Warehouse Architect;BI Infrastructure Administrator;Business Intelligence Administrator contractor for TDS;Database and Business Intelligence Consultant;Data Engineer;Sales Support Specialist;Data Warehouse;Big Data;Hadoop;DB2;ETL;Bigdata;Erwin;Tableau:::BI Enterprise Data Warehouse Architect BI Enterprise Data Warehouse Architect BI Enterprise Data Warehouse Architect - Robert Half International, Madison WI Madison, WI Work Experience BI Enterprise Data Warehouse Architect Robert Half International, Madison WI - Madison, WI March 2019 to Present • Led and participated in analysis, design of data model and MDM, architecture, implementation and roll-out efforts for client's enterprise data warehouse  • Led a database team to create, deploy, automate ETL, and data integration processes into an enterprise data warehouse.  • Provide strategic advice to client decision makers on technologies and solutions that assists them in achieving their corporate goals and objectives.  • Delivered strong agile work environment experience including working from a ticket system like Jira, Cherwell or similar and collaborating through a distributed version control system like TortoiseSVN, or similar such as Team Foundation Server (TFS).  • Appointed as key data warehouse SME; drove successful adoption of best practices, standardization of data provision, and proactive management of data refresh and accuracy.  • Developed and engineered full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operational management. BI Infrastructure Administrator TDS Telecom - Madison, WI October 2017 to March 2019 • Provided solutions for improving the quality and productivity of information systems by implementing, configuring, and maintaining BI infrastructures, hardware and software  • Administered BI tools to support, maintain, design, develop and enhance the business intelligence environments.  • Managed Tableau server and Alteryx server and data source administration, including, install, configure, migration, upgrades, patches, monitoring, troubleshooting, performance tuning, sever job scheduling, etc. to ensure reliable performance and scalability.  • Built custom tableau dashboards for monitoring Tableau Server processes and performance.  • Managed Alteryx server configuration and system settings and control Alteryx designer access to Gallery and user permissions to data connection and workflows.  • Led root cause analysis efforts for operational Tableau and Alteryx issues such as resolving them independently within the BI infrastructure team.  • Served as SME on Tableau and Alteryx server engagements of moderate to high complexity including service tickets requiring expert analysis.  • Performed capacity planning to ensure Tableau and Alteryx servers are adequately sized and configured to meet current and projected demand.  • Lead creation of SOPs, administration guidelines and rules regarding Tableau and Alteryx practices.  • Provided training to site admins on managing permissions and offer site admin best practices. Business Intelligence Administrator contractor for TDS Capital Computer - Madison, WI January 2017 to October 2017 • Responsible for Tableau and Alteryx server architecture, administration, upgrades, security and maintenance. Manage the physical database design and development of Tableau Data Sources.  • Provided technical leadership on the deployment architecture, development guidelines, data delivery layer (portal, dashboard and report) design and defines best practices on supporting Self Service BI.  • Tableau and Alteryx server and data source administration, including upgrades, patches, monitoring, troubleshooting, performance tuning, Cluster/Distributed Management, Cache/ History Management, User Management and change management.  • Creating and managing Tableau Sites, projects and workbooks.  • Tableau and Alteryx security, back-up and restore process.  • Maintenance and scheduling of Tableau Data Extracts using Tableau Server and the Tableau Command Utility.  • BI infrastructure build and maintenance, Schema design and Dimensional data modeling.  • Document the standards and best practices for Development and administration of the tableau Platform.  • Maintains the quality and integrity of data collected for decision making and works with the other areas of the organization to ensure consistent reporting of information. Database and Business Intelligence Consultant Robert Half International, Madison WI - Madison, WI February 2013 to January 2017 • Served as technical lead consultant to develop IT system specifications after evaluating customer's nature of work and business volume ( database and software development - domain includes program development, report development, business process improvement, information technology, strategy/analysis, and data analysis).  • Led large-scale enterprise technology integrations and process automation, business process reengineering, business intelligence, data modeling, implementation and maintenance.  • Exceeded client goals; 25% increase in client time to answering customer queries.  • Achieved agreed-upon objectives and stayed within budget while working independently for the Performance and Analytics department.  • Built and developed MS SQL data-mart and implemented Tableau Server and Tableau Desktop within the allotted time frame.  • Effectively trained reporting analysts on new implanted tool, improved report automation and streamline stringent reporting deadlines by 97%.  • Planned and executed upgrade and migration of Tableau environments as new versions, fix packs, bug fixes are released during scheduled and unscheduled outages.  • Helped define the architecture of a Decision Support System for the banking sector, covering many different aspects like Asset liability management, Risk management, client profitability.  • Managed ticket creation process with Tableau and other vendors and provide regular communication on status and help drive issues to completion. Data Engineer CPM HealthGrades Inc - Madison, WI December 2011 to January 2013 • Served as a database engineer providing maintenance support for multiple healthcare client's data files throughout the database life cycle, provide regular maintenance and use of the client's relational databases to store and retrieve information and making sure that the data are accessible to both internal and external clients.  • Managed data transformation, normalization, cleansing, aggregation, workflow management and business rule application.  • Developed and maintain database functionality to support corporate products and services.  • Created and maintained automated ETL processes with special focus on data flow, error recovery, and exception handling and reporting.  • Worked closely with business unit(s) to understand key business drivers and identify the individual business reporting software metrics and key Sales Support Specialist West Business Services - Middleton, WI September 2009 to November 2011 • Served as a lead analyst for technology projects, provides ongoing support to all levels of management and business staff and support upper management team using MS SQL and SSRS for the designing of reports.  • Produced dashboard SSRS reports under report server projects and publishing SSRS reports to the report server.  • Developed functional and technical documentation to assist in the design, development and/or maintenance of deliverables.  • Worked with technology team to incorporated database development and Tableau desktop and Tableau reader while acting as a SME.  • Created SSRS Data Model projects using Microsoft Visual Studio 2008 and using Report Builder for report server to facilitate Ad-hoc reporting by the business users. Education Master of Science in Database Technologies in Database Technologies Regis University 2019 Certification Regis University 2018 Bachelor of Science in Computer Information System in Computer Information System Edgewood College 2013 Skills Data Warehouse, Big Data, Hadoop, DB2, ETL, Bigdata, Erwin, Tableau Additional Information • 8+ years of proven successful Business Intelligence (BI) and data warehouse experiences across multiple sectors that aligns with business and corporate goals.  • Have led complete project life cycle management from initial planning to final UAT and deployment in architecture environment.  • Overall solid knowledge base in the following: developing enterprise data structures and or architectural designs (includes implementing database solutions or strategies), building data models / frameworks / data warehouse designs, maintaining database, and identifying and resolving data issues.  • Team leader and team player with excellent project-management, interpersonal and communication skills.  • Deep expertise in data warehousing, dimensional modeling using ERWin.  • Always looking for ways to bring best in class practices regarding data management, ETL, data governance using Informatica and Tableau.  • Experience with analytical database systems: Tableau, SSAS, cloud computing (AWS & Azure), distributed & decentralized data environments, file systems, object-based storage and block storage such as Amazon EBS, MDM tools, Power-BI, ETL tools such as Alteryx, Tableau Prep and SSIS.  • Experience with conceptualization, design in implementation of new and existing systems, MDM, metadata, data quality, data warehouse and production architectures.  • Proficiency with SQL, PL/SQL, HiveQL (HQL), JavaScript, Python and R languages, BI toolsets.    Technology Summary:  Systems: Windows 7 & 8, Windows 10, Linux, Unix, Ubuntu, CentOS  Servers: Tableau Server, Alteryx Server, Oracle VM VirtualBox, VMware  Databases: MS SQL Server, DB2, Oracle 11g and 12c, MySQL, MariaDB, GreenPlum, Postgres, MongoDB, Hadoop, Cassandra, Neo4j, Oracle APEX, Oracle RAC and Data Grid, Oracle APEX, Informatica, MS Azure, Amazon RDS, Amazon EBS, Redis, OEM, Netezza, CouchBase, RightNow, RavenDB, Blockchain, Hyperledger Fabric, Hyperledger Composer, Hyperledger Sawtooth, Ethereum  Languages: SQL, PL/SQL, Python, R, HiveQL, CQL, Json, Bson, JavaScript, C#, C++, Cypher, GoLang, Solidity, Powershell, Shell script, Bash  Software: MS Office Suite, OnBase, Hyperion, SalesForce, Jira, Cherwell, SharePoint, Confluence, LogixMonitor, Oracle Developer Studio, Oracle SQL Developer, SQL Plus, SSDT, Visual Studio, Business Object, Webi, Crystal Reports, Tableau Desktop, Tableau Prep Alteryx Gallery, PyCharm, Anaconda, R Studio, Sublime, PgAdmin
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1459.html#512:::DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR;Senior DBA;Production DBA/ BI DEVELOPER;DBA/Developer;SQL Server Developer:::DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR <span class="hl">DATABASE</span> <span class="hl">ADMINISTRATOR</span> DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR - NYC DEPARTMENT OF HPD Edison, NJ • Over 8 years of IT experience in Administration and Development on Database Design using SQL server (2008, 2012, 2014, 2016 Servers in OLAP and OLTP environment), Oracle (11g, 12c) and AWS environments.  • Continue to learn new technical skills, to allow for expansion and progression of duties.  • Experienced in troubleshooting database performance issues and SQL performance tuning  • Experience installing, configuring, updating and managing Windows Server Operating Systems  • Experience working with Active Directory  • Accountable -- takes ownership of responsibilities & tasks  • Ability to follow established workflow/implementation processes, and apply creative solutions where needed  • Ability to multi-task and prioritize deliverables/responsibilities  • Ability to work independently and as part of a team  • Ability to function under close deadlines with minimal supervision and under potentially stressful situations  • Demonstrated desire and capacity to learn new technical skills in the past  • Good verbal & written communication skills Work Experience DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR NYC DEPARTMENT OF HPD - New York, NY January 2019 to Present Responsibilities:  • Work with support teams on both internal & external developed applications to insure data and process integrity  • Install, monitor and support SQL server instances including SSIS, SSRS, and SSAS components  • Install, monitor, and support various High Availability and Disaster Recovery solutions  • Create new databases and overwrite test databases with copies of production databases while maintaining proper security differences  • Manage SQL Server authentication using both SQL logins & AD groups; enforce principle of least privilege while providing necessary data access  • Backup/recover/rollback production, test, and development databases environments  • Troubleshoot application database connectivity, SQL server issues, query performance, SQL HA/DR (i.e. SQL cluster, Always On &, Log Shipping) and other issues in production, QC and development environments. Coordinate/implement production fixes, or advise the application owner/developer, as appropriate.  • Create and test disaster recovery options appropriate for each application  • Monitor & manage data storage capacity of production and pre-production SQL Servers to support database growth and coordinate drive expansions with operation & user teams  • Complete and maintain inventory documentation of all SQL databases, servers, applications, business and technical owners  • Decommission databases: proactively identify obsolete databases, obtain DB owner's approval, archive & delete databases  • Write T-SQL code and stored procedures to monitor, automate and support DBA tasks Senior DBA ACCORDO - New York, NY April 2017 to December 2018 Responsibilities:  • Install, configure and deploy MS SQL Server. Perform capacity planning, performance turning, monitoring, troubleshooting and optimization of the database  • Automate and enhance daily administrative tasks, including space management, object alteration, backup & recovery and performance monitoring.  • Optimizing of SQL Queries and Performance tuning of SQL server.  • Upgraded and Migrated SQL Server Systems from SQL Server 2008 to SQL Server 2016.  • Load Balance, DR strategy and automate SQL jobs with alerts using database mail services.  • Assist developers with MS SQL Server issues and questions  • Interface with developers, network, virtualization, storage and systems operations teams to resolve problems with applications and database systems  • Design, develop, test, deploy and maintain database security and audit solutions  • Administer and monitor 24/7 applications and systems, developing automated alerts to warn of failure  • Plan and Lead database development, documentation and maintenance of databases including Production DBA/ BI DEVELOPER Holiday Systems International October 2016 to March 2017 Responsibilities:  • Automated notifications for SQL Server Backups and schedule-maintained Jobs.  • Optimized database using execution plans and Index tuning.  • Responsible for performance tuning and Optimization of stored procedures using SQL Profiler and Database tuning wizard.  • Monitored server services and cpu usages using nagios XI.  • Expert in automating process by creating jobs, and error reporting using Alerts, SQL Mail Agent.  • Proactively monitored the production SQL infrastructure environment to ensure availability of the database services.  • Regularly checked OS Event Logs and SQL Server Logs for unusual events.  • Setup permissions to Share folder and transfer log files to another server to hold records using PowerShell script.  • Upgraded and Migrated SQL Server Systems from SQL Server 2008 to SQL Server 2012.  • Setup monitoring tools like Nagios and Amazon Cloud watch to monitor major metrics like Network packets, CPU utilization, Load Balancer Latency.  • Created Database Objects - Tables, Indexes, Views, Triggers and Constraints.  • Troubleshooted sql server agent services which was starting and stopping continuously.  • Designed and Developed new SSAS Tabular models and provides operational support to existing SSAS Tabular models to satisfy business requirements.  • Migration of SQL server 2008 R2 to 2014. DBA/Developer Hurley Medical Center July 2014 to September 2016 Responsibilities: Expertise in extraction, administration, building schedule, upgrading servers and applying patches to 2008/12, fixing integrity checks/ optimization check alerts, system administration audit, SQL Server licensing inventory & true up, research possibility.  • Migrated data from different sources including flat files, MS EXCEL, to SQL Server 2012 by using SSIS.  • Problem Fixation - Effectively moved the integrity checks/ optimization check alerts  • Involved in Migration of SSRS 2008 to SSRS 2012.  • Assisted in migrating the existing data center into the AWS environment.  • Design and Develop new SSAS Tabular models and provide operational support to existing SSAS Tabular models to satisfy business requirements.  • Performed Code review as per coding guidelines  • Installed the application on AWS EC2 AMI, Red hat, Ubuntu Instances. Performed configuration, deployment and support of cloud services including Amazon Web Services (AWS)  • Participated in creating indexes to improve the performance of database and Created Constraints, Defaults and Views  • Monitor Database jobs and backups.  • Implemented AWS solutions using E2C, S3, RDS, EBS, Elastic Load Balancer, Auto-scaling groups.  • Help monitor SQL Servers using the performance monitoring tools SQL server 2012 Activity monitor and data collection tools for both real-time and archived data. SQL Server Developer Bank of Baroda - Vapi, IN May 2010 to June 2014 Responsibilities: Implementation of MS SQL Server Management studio to create Complex Stored Procedures using T-SQL to evaluate result for the reports & Developed different Scripts for the Data analysts for verification of reports.  • Responsible for performing T-SQL tuning and optimizing queries for reports which take longer time in execution with SQL Server 2008.  • Performance tuning of the SQL 2008 servers in order to reduce I/O and Memory contentions.  • Reviewed and offered recommendations for Database system configurations, responsible for tuning data, indexes, and queries as well as providing assistance on these areas to development teams.  • Writing stored procedures and DTS packages for maintenance tasks in Production environment.  • Created Alerts and Notifications for system errors, insufficient resources, fatal database errors, hardware errors, security breach, etc.  • Export or Import data from other data sources like flat files using Import/Export of DTS  • Recovering the databases from backup in disasters  • Creating logins, groups, users, roles, database devices, databases, mirroring devices, checking for database consistency, fixing DBCC errors, monitoring error logs, database space allocations, transaction log space allocations, fine tuning SQL performance.  • Written Tested and Documented Program code and implemented programs.  • Involved in entire life cycle including database design, development, testing, optimizing and deploying on development and production servers  • Responsible for creating the tables, views, stored procedures, triggers  • Participated in creating indexes to improve the performance of database Education Master of Science in information system management DeVry College of New York - New York, NY Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics and Communications Gujarat University
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\146.html#513:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator;Database Analyst;DBA;Oracle Dba:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - Hogan Transport Llc Atlanta, GA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Hogan Transport Llc June 2019 to Present • Excellent knowledge in Hot/Cold Backup, Recovery, cloning of databases using RMAN.  • Performed DBA daily activities including user management (creating users, synonyms, privileges, roles, quotas, tables, indexes, sequences etc.), space management (tablespace, rollback segment)  • Managing database security and roles. Set up users, roles and assign appropriate privileges to each  • Provided 24/7 on call support for all Production and development Databases.  • Expertise in Oracle networking, Performed Daily Monitoring of Oracle Instances, monitor users, and table spaces, Memory Structures, Rollback Segments, Logs and Alerts. Oracle Database Administrator Wells Fargo Bank May 2014 to February 2018 • Manage Oracle 11g to 12c multitenant Container and deleting legacy databases.  • Monitor storage use and work with application team to add more space/datafiles as needed.  • Database monitoring, tuning, and troubleshooting and respond to alerts.  • Support Development Teams by implementing database objects in DEV/TEST/PROD and through on call rotation.  • Managing database security and roles. Set up users, roles and assign appropriate privileges to each.  • Manage SCSM Ticket Queue. Manage the queue - Service Requests (SR), Incident Request (IR)  and Change Request (CR).  • Excellent knowledge of Peoplesoft to administer RDBMS  • Database monitoring and performance tuning using OEM (Oracle Enterprise Manager) and set up  Rules for alert notification and schedule RMAN backups with Failure notification.  • Schedule Physical backups (hot & cold) using RMAN utility and monitoring the scheduled jobs.  • Support Security User Management, Privileges, Roles, Profiling Authentication.  • Support & maintain the Production/Development databases on various servers.  • Support, monitor & tune the database instances for Oracle, which includes starting and stopping  instances.  • Manage the queue clearing open and unassigned Service Requests (SR), Incident Request (IR), Change Request (CR) and Manual Activities (MA).  • Basic scripting. Write scripts for data-pump jobs, backup and recover and database checks.  • Experience in code migration, database change management and data management through the various stages of the development life cycle  • Provided 24/7 on call support for all Production and development Databases.  • Excellent knowledge in Hot/Cold Backup, Recovery, cloning of databases using RMAN.  • Performed DBA daily activities including user management (creating users, synonyms, privileges, roles, quotas, tables, indexes, sequences etc.), space management (tablespace, rollback segment),  and monitoring (alert log, memory, disk I/O, CPU, database network connectivity).  • Worked on different platforms, load user data to reproduce the problem, apply new Oracle patch, managed database backup using RMAN, upgraded Oracle database 10.2.0.4 to 11.2.0.3 Database Analyst UBA BANK June 2013 to January 2014 Responsibilities:    • Perform health checks and proactive monitoring using Oracle Enterprise Manager/Grid Control.  • Setup Oracle Enterprise Manager (Grid Control & Cloud Control) 10g/11g/12c for monitoring/performance tuning.  • Support Development Teams by implementing database objects in TEST/STG/UAT/PROD.  • Performance tuning using various aspects of the Database utilities like Stats-pack, Automated  Workload Repository (AWR) and Automatic Database Diagnostics Monitor (ADDM).  • Good Knowledge in Installing, Upgrading and Configuring Oracle Enterprise Edition.  • Upgrade Oracle 11g to 12c multitenant Container and decommission legacy databases.  • Database monitoring, tuning, troubleshooting, managing database security, roles, and profiles, create, setup, and respond to alerts.  • Provided full technical support to various application teams before databases went to Production.  • Tested and implemented different physical and logical backup and Recovery methods like point in time, media recovery, full/partial and export/import.  • Knowledge of Oracle Architecture, SGA, PGA, Listener, tnsnames, SQL-Net, V$ & DBA views.  • Installed and patched databases on a quarterly basis as well as update O-patch Installer.  • Managed Database Listener including starting, stopping and checking the listener status.  • Worked on administering 10 Production databases and more than 40 non-production databases of size ranging from 100GB to 5 TB on LINUX servers.  • Performed high level Troubleshooting and Tuning, Written Shell Scripts for monitoring  performance and health checks using scripts, AWR, ASH, ADDM, SQL tuning advisors and OEM.  • Applied Patches including PSU and Bug fixes for database performance issues.  • Involved in writing UNIX shell scripts for backup and recovery, Import and export procedure, PL/SQL functions, procedures, packages and triggers.  • Hands on experience in creating new redo log groups on ASM and NON-ASM environment to resolve performance issues by extending the existing redo logs.  • Evaluating and performing the Backup and Recovery Procedures periodically using RMAN.  • Restored backups from tapes and disk and validated the backups, performed day to day  administrative tasks by analyzing the database like checking for failed processors, verifying the query for particular issues and validating disk space.  • Hands on experience in enabling auditing and finding the schemas failed login attempts, created  and dropped users, granting and revoking rights as and when required. • Assisted IT Analysts on technical database issues and features.  • Able to work effectively with multiple teams at once. Able to thrive in a fast-paced, time  compressed and dynamic environment. Solid skills and discipline for Change Management  practices processes.  • Performed timely database refreshes at schema and table level based on the requirement.  • Installed Oracle 12c database in the test environment and tested the upgrade from Oracle 11g - 12c.  • Tested database performance issues (monitoring and tuning) to ensure database optimization.  • Expertise in Oracle networking, Performed Daily Monitoring of Oracle Instances, monitor users, and table spaces, Memory Structures, Rollback Segments, Logs and Alerts. Education Bachelor in Computer Science University of Benin, Edo State 2000 Skills DBA, Oracle Dba
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1460.html#514:::Database Administrator;Reservations & Office Manager;Reservations Coordinator;Associate Consultant;Paintbox Children's Attendant;Volunteer;Project Manager;Researcher;Member:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Reservations & Office Manager - National Ability Center (NAC) Coalville, UT Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Administrator National Ability Center - Park City, UT August 2018 to Present • Interim chair & Co-Founder of Technology Committee  • Implement V4S Mobile App  • Develop & implement company security protocols in Office 365 & Salesforce  • Implement Contracts, Price Books, & Quotes  • Create and implement Ticket system using Cases for internal customers  • Manage & improve DocuSign Document integration  • Improve efficiencies throughout org through process automation  • Manage relationships with Consultants & Developers  • Improve Salesforce adoption in all departments  • Migrate Group Reservations & Sales Depts to Salesforce  • Restructure user portal improving user experience & collecting over 200% more dollars compared to year prior  • Leverage standard and package solutions, introducing customizations and automations as needed Reservations & Office Manager National Ability Center (NAC) - Park City, UT April 2017 to August 2018 • Acting Database Administrator  • Oversaw processing registrations through the collection & processing of all fees & enrollment forms, entry into the database system & sending of confirmation letter/e-mails  • Co-Founder of Tech Committee  • Evolved efficiencies & innovated within the database to improve processes  • Worked closely with Marketing to ensure program details were communicated clearly, simply, & were intuitively accessible to public   • Created & performed regular database audits  • Oversaw functionality of all tech & apps  • Provided coaching, training, & direct support to the Reservations Team  • Built and maintained Reservations Portal content with routine maintenance checks  • Assessed need for app integrations & collaborated with appropriate resources to implement  • Ensured the input & maintenance of high quality data  • Acted as first POC for technology errors & identifying correct support resources Reservations Coordinator National Ability Center (NAC) - Park City, UT July 2015 to April 2017 • Oversaw all aspects of over 9000 individual reservations  • Reviewed paperwork compliance for every individual – Equestrian compliance has increased 40% since 9/15; now 100%   • Identified & implemented streamlined processes in all aspects of organization  • Ensured input & maintenance of high quality data via Salesforce reporting  • Audited & created portal registration for programs  • Provided Salesforce consultation & training to all staff & volunteers  • Maintained accurate accounting records   • Reviewed, developed & maintained media for accuracy & clarity  • Developed & implemented department Training Curriculum Associate Consultant Axiom Recovery (AR) - Park City, UT March 2015 to July 2015 • Acted as Partner Relationship Manager to Sales Partners  • Supported Delivery Project Management: Disaster Recovery & Business Continuity  • Managed schedules for President & Project Managers, coordinating with C- & S- level clients  • Provided outreach & support to clients pertaining to Business Continuity  • Develop & Maintain functional Wiki through Confluence  • Demonstrated ability to prioritize  • Formatted, populated, cleaned, & compiled content in Excel, Word, & PowerPoint for client delivery  • Drafted proposals for prospective clients Paintbox Children's Attendant Montage Deer Valley November 2014 to April 2015 Hotel-wide recognition and bonus for personalized customer service in 5-star hotel Volunteer National Ability Center (NAC) - Park City, UT November 2014 to March 2015 Assistant to Events Coordinator  • Corresponded with local chefs, California   • Shared social media marketing responsibilities  Vintners, & marketing partners on Facebook Page  • Edited content for Red, White & Snow program Project Manager High Horses (HH) June 2011 to June 2014 •  Database Manager in FileMaker Pro  • Implemented Medicaid Billing for VT & NH  • Developed all Digital Media in QuarkXpress  • Oversaw creation & copyediting of Newsletter  • 2012-2014 Project Manager for Outcomes Evaluation Therapeutic Center Collaborative  • Provided support to program development  • 2013-2014 Project Manager for Benchmarks for a Better Vermont Performance Institute  • Support with Event Management during fundraisers  Researcher Sociology Dept - South Hadley, MA September 2010 to May 2011 Group/Independent Research: Organized two research projects: group research - life at MHC;  independent research - Facebook friendships vs. face-to-face friendships - both IRB proposals accepted Member Disability Advisory Board September 2010 to May 2011 Served on Board with Dean of College & Dean of Students to help improve services at MHC Education B. A. in Sociology Mount Holyoke College - South Hadley, MA May 2011 Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Salesforce.com Certified Administrator March 2019 to Present
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1461.html#515:::Oracle DBA;GM Financials;Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle DBA Consultant;Oracle DBA;Oracle DBA Consultant;Oracle Dba;DBA;ETL;Sql Dba;Sql Server:::Oracle DBA Oracle DBA Oracle DBA - Tango Analytics • 8+ years of IT experience as an Oracle Database Administrator with key strengths in Oracle 8i, 9i, 10g, 11gR2 and 12c databases on Linux, UNIX and Windows operating system environments.  • Possess excellent interpersonal and communication skills. Work Experience Oracle DBA Tango Analytics - Coppell, TX January 2018 to Present • Worked on Automating repetitive tasks using Python scripting.  • Involved in Upgrade/Migration of the oracle databases from Oracle 11g to Oracle 12c.  • Worked on writing scripts using PL/SQL  • Extensively Worked on Data Security at Rest and In Transit.  • Designed and Implemented Active Data Guard for High availability purpose.  • Designed and Implemented Oracle Golden Gate for Replication purpose.  • Designed and Implemented 4 Node Oracles RAC on 12c.  • Extensively worked on Tuning Oracle Databases for better performance. GM Financials Arlington, TX June 2016 to December 2017 Oracle Database Administrator    • Involved in Upgrade/Migration of the oracle databases from Oracle 11g to Oracle 12c.  • Written a SQL/PLSQL Code, Shell Scripts to automate routine DBA tasks and ETL Processes.  • Performed Data Guard setups.  • Installation, Configuration, Upgrades, Patching and Support of Banner Servers on Linux.  • Performed Backup and Recovery using RMAN  • Installation, Configuration and support of Oracle Weblogic Servers on Linux environment.  • Installed and Configured RAC.  • Applied Security and Bug Fixing Patches.  • Extensively worked on resolving complex database performance issues.  • Setting up daily monitoring jobs, automatic alert notification when database is down or preset thresholds exceeded, installed new database upgrades, patches, create databases, primary database objects like table spaces, tables, views, synonyms, snapshots, partitioning and sizing tables, indexes etc.  • Monitored and Administrated ORACLE RAC databases on ORACLE 11g Clusters. Oracle Database Administrator PEPSI CO - Plano, TX November 2014 to June 2016 • Involved in Upgrade/Migration of the oracle databases from Oracle 11g to Oracle 12c.  • Written a SQL/PLSQL Code, Shell Scripts to automate routine DBA tasks and ETL Processes.  • Extensively worked on resolving complex database performance issues.  • Setting up daily monitoring jobs, automatic alert notification when database is down or preset thresholds exceeded, installed new database upgrades, patches, create databases, primary database objects like table spaces, tables, views, synonyms, snapshots, partitioning and sizing tables, indexes etc.  • Supported installation and setup of ORACLE Cluster's and RAC database.  • Monitored and Administrated ORACLE RAC databases on ORACLE 11g Clusters.  • Implemented security policy using Fine Grained Audit (FGA) to watch any suspicious activity on objects.  • Automated the different tasks like (Creating Databases, Binaries Installation, backups) using shell scripts.  • Configured logical stand by database for the primary database and opened up the database to the reporting users group to distribute the load between primary and standby database.  • Monitored performance of queries using Explain Plan, TKPROF, STATSPACK reports and assisting the developers in optimizing and tuning the SQL and PL/SQL code using SQL trace & SQL Tuning Advisor  • Created and analyzed Statspack report, AWR reports and identified solutions.  • Performed Database backups and recovery using RMAN, Import/Export, Hot/Cold Backups, and Data Pump tools.  • Managed Oracle in High Availability environments using Real Application Cluster (RAC), Failovers, data Guard and Cloning technologies.  • Refresh/Cloning of Database and applications for development and testing purpose.  • Tuned database parameter, PL/SQL scripts and query received from the statspack report, AWR, ADDM or through the end users. Used Materialized Views when possible to reduce network load.  • Backup of Database (Performed database Backup depending upon Business Strategy: Daily Backup, weekly Backup etc.)  • Handled complete and incomplete recovery in case of database failure.  • Used RMAN for backup and recovery. Performed backup validations using RMAN. Oracle DBA Consultant AT & T - Richardson, TX October 2012 to November 2014 • Worked as an ADBA for AT &T mission critical databases supporting in 24/7 model.  • Involved in Upgrade/Migration of the oracle databases from Oracle 11g to Oracle 12c.  • Supported Migration of Databases (U2L) using Golden Gate.  • Supported Golden gate replication issues on daily basis.  • Managed application development rollovers to production.  • Implemented data security using database roles and views.  • Worked on CSP/IDM and Upstart for database identity/access management solutions.  • Continuous monitoring of Database Performances and identifying any bottlenecks hindering the performance of the database  • Performed tasks associated with tuning of database systems for performance and efficiency enhancements, reviewing the logs, available space, configuring the initialization parameters based on application requirements, optimizing complex SQL queries, adhering to the OFA standards, using RAID drives to implement file systems.  • Supported development effort by providing SQL statement tuning and optimizing ETL procedures and removing load and query performance bottlenecks by using tools Explain Plan, SQL Trace, Tkprof, and Oracle Enterprise Manager.  • Refresh required Oracle instances/databases for development, test and production environments Oracle DBA CITI BANK IRVING TX - Irving, TX May 2012 to October 2012 • Performed database Migration from Windows platform to Linux using RMAN (Convert) and Datapump.  • Analyzed the Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor Reports from various Databases in various time intervals, creating BASELINE and monitoring performance metrics of Databases workload.  • Created Materialized views and Materialized View Logs for Increased Performance and Data Replication.  • Used Flashback Technologies-Flashback Table, Flashback Query & Flashback Database to recover from user errors and minimize the Full/Incomplete database recoveries  • Monitored databases and setting alerts using Oracle Grid Control/Enterprise Manager  • Configured users into consumer groups and set the resource utilization based upon business activity using Resource Manager.  • Patched/Upgraded ORACLE 10g Databases to ORACLE 11g databases using DBUA/Manually.  • Refreshed PROD, DEV, UAT databases using Datapump, RMAN, and Transportable Tablespaces etc.  • Administrated database regarding space related issues- monitoring Tablespaces, users' security of data accessibility and Configuring Archive log destinations and Flash Recovery Area (FRA).  • Created Triggers and defined constraints to maintain the data integrity in the databases.  • Generated daily, weekly and monthly reports regarding total revenue management.  • Developing various Business and ad-hoc Reports.  • Writing stored procedures to achieve back end functionality  • Assisted DBAs for Creation of all database objects, Allocate system storage and Plan future storage requirement.  • Develop and maintain Application and Database Security Standaqgctf deward. Wrote and trouble shoot database triggers/Stored Procedures.  • Shell Scripted in csh and ksh  • Security Managed that includes enrolling users and maintaining system security by controlling and monitoring user access to database. Oracle DBA Consultant JPMC - Houston, TX February 2010 to June 2012 • Worked on EM grid control setup and deploying agents on to Servers.  • Designed and developed database DDL and DML scripts to meet development application requirement for tablespaces, security and roles, SGA and other memory configurations for both OLTP and ETL applications  • Design and development of shell and database scripts for data loads and conversion of DB2 data to Oracle  • Worked with development team to design data model and architect solution for database components  • Worked with SA, Integration Architect, Application Server Admin, Unix Admin to resolve infrastructure and database related issues  • Designing the logical and physical architecture of the database - Erwin Converting the conceptual model into logical and physical model Indexing strategies.  • Configured Oracle 10g Physical Standby DB with appropriate lag time and logical for reporting DB.  • Installation and configuration of Oracle 10g Grid and its agents on DB server.  • Tuned SGA by Tuning Library Cache, Dictionary Cache, and Buffer Cache. Tuned OS by Reducing Paging/Swapping. Tuned I/O which includes Separation of Data files and Redo log files.  • Supported the migration of Oracle datafiles to ASM filesystem  • Installed and configured Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) in order to provide ongoing, remote database support using the OEM intelligent agent, OEM repository, event monitor and paging system. Implemented hot backups using RMAN with jobs scheduled via OEM.  • Responsible for creating hot backup and recovery scripts and plans. Education Master's in Computer Science ITU - San Jose, CA Skills Oracle Dba, DBA, ETL, Sql Dba, Sql Server
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1462.html#516:::Administrative and Database Assistant for Word Alive;IT Administrator;Sales Agent;Router;Excel;Microsoft office;Microsoft word;Word;Windows 7;Windows 8;Time management;Administrative Assistant;Outlook:::Administrative and Database Assistant for Word Alive Administrative and <span class="hl">Database</span> Assistant for Word Alive Administrative and Database Assistant for Word Alive Work Experience Administrative and Database Assistant for Word Alive Ministries International July 2014 to December 2018 • Managing server by making sure that computer s meet the user's needs.  • Installing hardware and components and upgrading software on user machines  • Maintaining security policies  • Provide technical support for both hardware and software issues which users  encounter  • Create and verify backups of data IT Administrator Vanguard Life Assurance February 2014 to June 2014 Provide technical support for both hardware and software issues which users  encounter  • Monitor the system daily and respond immediately to security concerns  • Create and verify backups of data  • Respond to and resolve help desk requests  • Running database scripts that create space in the server.  • Administrate infrastructure, including firewalls, databases, malware protection  software and other processes.  • Install and test computer related equipment Sales Agent Malawi Telecommunications Limited June 2013 to January 2014 • Selling MTL routers and configuring them.  • Selling MTL handsets. Education Business Information Technology NACIT in Business Information Technology National College of Information Technology 2018 Diploma in Computer Studies NACIT in Computer Studies Chinamwali Boys Private Secondary School 2006 Skills Router, Excel, Microsoft office, Microsoft word, Word, Windows 7, Windows 8, Time management, Administrative Assistant, Outlook
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1463.html#517:::SQL Server DBA;DBA;SQL Server DBA;Database Administrator;DBA;DATA MIGRATION;DATABASE ADMINISTRATION;DATABASE;MS ACCESS;MS SQL SERVER;MS SQL SERVER 2000;SQL SERVER;SQL SERVER 2000;ORACLE;REPLICATION;SQL;STORED PROCEDURES;DISASTER RECOVERY;ENCRYPTION;DATA MASKING;T-SQL;ERWIN;SDLC;UAT;SECURITY:::SQL Server DBA SQL Server DBA SQL Server DBA - VERISIGN Chantilly, VA Work Experience SQL Server DBA VERISIGN - Reston, VA November 2018 to Present * Upgraded SQL server 2014 to SQL Server 2016 in Microsoft Windows Server 2012 R2 Enterprise Edition  * Installed, Configured and Managed SQL Server 2014 and 2012 in development, test and production environment  * Involved in Analyzing and Upgrading SQL Server 2012 test servers to SQL Server 2016.  * Work experience with AWS and Azure cloud service.  * Checking Database Health by using DBCC Commands, DMVS and SCOM alert.  * Configured and administered Always On Availability Group in development environment.  * Perform SQL Server service pack and Windows Service pack upgrades and Microsoft security patch.  * Resolved and tweaked memory pressures caused during product release.  * Troubleshoot performance problems and fine-tuning of databases.  * Expert in Database refresh in UAT, DEV, Staging and PPD environment.  * Attended ESS monthly capacity meeting and provide feedback anything unusual changes in storage area.  * Expertise in designing databases and capacity planning.  * Involve with (offshore/onshore team) manage and maintain monthly capacity planning, weekly ESS meeting and CAB meeting.  * Performed Database Backup and Point-In-Time Recovery solutions using SQL Server Client and Quest Lite Speed.  * Rebuilding the indexes at regular intervals for better performance.  * Expert working SQL Server High Availability solution such as Always On and Windows Server Failover Clustering (WSFC).  * Involve with data centre migration failover and failback for patching, maintenance and application release Perouse  * Enforced Policy Based Management at Database Level as well as Table Level.  * Monitored and modified Performance using execution plans and Index tuning.  * Transferring the data (ETL) to Data ware house by SQL Server 2016 Integration Services.  * Involved in trouble shooting and fine-tuning of databases for its performance and concurrency.  * Designed and implemented comprehensive Backup plan and disaster recovery strategies Implemented and Scheduled Replication process for updating our parallel servers.  * Designed and created databases, tables, views, store procedures and triggers.  * Updating database systems by reviewing, planning, testing and installing database security patches and service packs.  * In conjunction with development teams, define and maintain database and code standards and naming conventions for the organization to ensure consistency in database and code development.  * Providing 24X7 on call support to maintain all Databases up and running in Production environment DBA Virginia Department of Transportation - Reston, VA October 2016 to November 2018 * Installed, Configured and Managed SQL Server 2016/2014/2012 and 2008R2 in development, Test and production environment  * Migrated databases from SQL Server 2008R2 and 2012 to SQL server 2014 and 2016.  * Designed and implemented comprehensive Backup plan and disaster recovery strategies Implemented and Scheduled Replication process for updating our parallel servers.  * Extensively worked with TDE, always encryption, dynamic data masking, row level security, certificates and manage server and database roll  * Configured and maintained transactional and Snapshot replication and troubleshoot replication issues.  * Resolved and tweaked memory pressures caused during product release.  * Rebuilding the indexes at regular intervals for better performance.  * Configured and Maintained four-Node Active/Passive Windows Failover Cluster with SQL Server 2012 R2 on SAN environment.  * Configured Always on availability groups in SQL server 2016.  * Extensively worked with SQL Profiler, Activity monitor, Perfmon, DMVs, DMFs and DTA to tune the databases, queries, performance related issues like memory, CPU and I/O issues.  * Reviewed physical and logical database design, Promote the reliability of database design by ensuring appropriate referential data integrity is implemented and appropriate data types are used.  * Monitored and modified Performance using execution plans and Index tuning.  * Experience in creating packages to transfer data between SQL Server to ORACLE, MS ACCESS and FLAT FILES using DTS/SSIS  * Extensively working with database refresh on multiple environments  * Transferring the data (ETL) to Data ware house by SQL Server 2014 Integration Services.  * Designed and implemented comprehensive Backup plan and disaster recovery strategies Implemented and Scheduled Replication process for updating our parallel servers.  * Designed and created databases, tables, views, store procedures and triggers.  * Create alert if there is any failure or disc issues  * Updating database systems by reviewing, planning, testing and installing database security patches and service packs.  * Provided 24/7 on call support for all the Production Servers. SQL Server DBA Xerox Corporation - New York, NY April 2015 to September 2016 * Responsible for Installation, Configuration and Administration of SQL Server 2014/2012/2008R2/2008 on Windows Clustered and standalone environments with latest service packs.  * Upgraded SQL Server Database from SQL Server 2008 to 2008R2 and 2012 to 2014  * Involve with Failover primary to secondary or secondary to primary data center in order to apply month services pack CU and hot fixed.  * Maintained performance tuning on server level, database level and query level.  * To set up SQL Server configuration settings to resolve various resource allocation & memory issues for SQL Server databases and to setup ideal memory, min/max server options.  * Analyze and tune long running slow queries to optimize application and system performance  * Assisted on the Adhoc-Query requests based on the requirement by using Joins, Sub Queries and Co-related Sub Queries.  * Managed index usage and fragmentation and updated statistics in databases.  * Involved in troubleshooting and fine-tuning database performance and concurrency and root cause analysis.  * Worked on Query optimization and tuning using SQL Server Profiler, Database Engine Tuning advisor, and Activity Monitor and analyzing execution plan.  * Tested and Implemented procedures to detect poor database performance, collecting required information, and root cause analysis.  * Designed and implemented comprehensive Backup plan and disaster recovery strategies Implemented.  * Developed reports using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) and deployed in SharePoint.  * Involved in Data Modelling, Normalization, developing Logical/Physical ER Diagram using Erwin and SQL Server Data Diagram.  * Automated regular DBA activities like Backup, Restore and DB refreshes using Windows PowerShell.  * Translated business requirements into technical design specifications and actively supported business users for change requests.  * Daily routine DBA tasks like handling user's permissions and space issues on Production and Semi-Production Servers and handling maintenance Jobs. Database Administrator Bank of America - Christiana, DE January 2014 to March 2015 * Installed and Maintained SQL Server 2012/2008R2/2008 and 2005 in Test and production environment  * Experience Upgrading SQL Server 2005/2008/2008R2 and 2012.  * Configured and maintained SQL Server High Availability solution such as Replication, Log Shipping and Mirroring.  * Implementation of SQL Logins, Roles and Authentication Modes as a part of Security Policies for various categories of users  * Tuning queries which are running slow using Profiler and Statistics by using different Methods in terms of evaluating joins, indexes, updating Statistics and code modifications  * Configured and maintained transactional and peer-to-peer replication and troubleshoot replication issues.  * Rebuilding the indexes at regular intervals for better performance.  * Designed and implemented comprehensive Backup plan and disaster recovery strategies Implemented.  * Was responsible for defining relationship between tables, and enforced referential integrity constraints.  * Used Stored Procedures, DTS packages, BCP for updating Servers.  * Technical trouble shooting and give consultation to development teams.  * Developed, monitor, and maintain backup and recovery for all assigned databases to include the appropriate transaction logging.  * Creating databases and logins with permissions in SQL Server as per the developer's request.  * Monitored and modified Performance using execution plans and Index tuning.  * Rebuilding the indexes at regular intervals for better performance.  * Involved in trouble shooting and fine-tuning of databases for its performance and concurrency.  * Reviewed DB Scripts from the development team before releasing them into the Production. DBA Interactive Advisory Software (IAS) May 2012 to December 2013 * Responsible for Installation Administration of SQL Server 2008R2/2008/2005/2000 on Windows Clustered and standalone environments  * Upgraded databases from SQL Server 2000 and 2005 to SQL Server 208R2.  * Scheduled Full and Transactional log backups for the user created and system databases in the production environment using the Database Maintenance Plan Wizard.  * Setup backup and restoration jobs for development and QA environments  * Created transactional replication for the reporting applications.  * Implemented disaster recovery solution at the remote site for the production databases using Log Shipping.  * Setup Database Maintenance Plans to reorganize indexes, re-indexing and update the index statistics on the production databases.  * Used System monitor to find the bottlenecks in CPU, Disk I/O and memory devices and improved the database server performance.  * Used SQL Server Profiler to monitor and record database activities of particular users and applications.  * Used DBCC commands to troubleshoot issues related to database consistency.  * Used Index tuning wizard to redesign and created the indexes for better performance.  * Fine-tuned Stored Procedures using Execution Plan in T-SQL for better performance.  * Streamlined the server/ database level security by creating the Windows and SQL logins with the appropriate server/DB roles and object level permissions.    Technical Skills:  Operating Systems: Windows XP, Window 2007/2010, Windows Server 2008 R2 /2012R2, UNIX/Linux and Macintosh  Database: MS SQL Server 2016/2014/2012/2008/2008R2/2005/2000  Languages: T-SQL, PL/SQL, VB Scripting, Java, HTML and XML  Reporting/Analysis Tools: SSIS, SSRS and Crystal Report  Tools and Utilities: MS Office, SQL Server Database Diagram, VISIO, SQL Lite Speed, DD Boost, Red Gate, SQL Sentry, SharePoint 2010/2013, Erwin, SQL Data Transformation Services (DTS) ,OLAP, SQL Profiler, Service-Now, Tableau, Remedy, JIRA, ALM, VMware and PowerShell  Software Methodologies: Agile Scrum, Iterative and Waterfall Education Master of Art in Art National University Skills DATA MIGRATION, DATABASE ADMINISTRATION, DATABASE, MS ACCESS, MS SQL SERVER, MS SQL SERVER 2000, SQL SERVER, SQL SERVER 2000, ORACLE, REPLICATION, SQL, STORED PROCEDURES, DISASTER RECOVERY, ENCRYPTION, DATA MASKING, T-SQL, ERWIN, SDLC, UAT, SECURITY Additional Information Summary of Skills  * Over Seven years of experience in Database Administration for very complex and large databases in SQL Server 2016/ 2014/ 2012/2008R2/2008/2005 in Development, Testing and Production Environments.  * Expertise in Database Administration on Production Server with server configuration, patch, upgrade, maintain and migrate databases.  * Experience in upgrade database side by side and in-place from MS SQL Server 2000/2005/2008R2/2012/2014/2016.  * Experience in designed a backup and recovery solution based on RTO and RPO the link between disk design, database layout, backup retention, database performance for efficient backup and restore  * Extensive Experience in TDE, always encryption, dynamic data masking, row level security, certificates and manage server and database roll  * Hands on experience in SQL Server DTS and SSIS package design, constructing, and deployment.  * Expert in advanced query design creation of tables, views, triggers, stored procedures and functions using SQL (Structured Query Language) and T-SQL (Transact-SQL).  * Experience in Batch processes, Import, Export, Database Monitoring tools and Application support.  * Expert in Disaster Recovery Planning and Security Management operations.  * Experience with High Availability solution such as (WSFC) Cluster, Replication, Mirroring, Log Shipping and Always on availability group  * Performance tuning, Index tuning, trouble shooting, maintenance and monitoring using Performance Dashboard reports, Database Tuning Advisor, SQL Profiler, Server Side Trace, DMV and DMFs.  * Experience in planning and implementing Database Security by creating Logins, Users, Roles and assigning permissions according to the requirement.  * Experience in Data Modelling, Normalization, developing Logical/Physical ER Diagram using Erwin and SQL Server Data Diagram.  * Extensive knowledge and hands-on experience on database refresh multiple environments like UAT, DEV, PPD and STG.  * Experience in creating packages to transfer data between SQL Server to ORACLE, MS ACCESS and FLAT FILES using DTS/SSIS  * Experience in data migration between the two environments with SSIS and Import, Export wizard.  * Designed data Partitioning solutions for tables and indexes & Risk monitoring & control.  * Strong Experience in creating jobs, Alerts, SQL Mail Agent and Scheduling SSIS Packages.  * Experience in maintenance plans to perform index de-fragmentation, reorganize index, rebuild index, and update the index statistics.  * Experience in implementing different types of Replication Models such as Peer to Peer, Merge, Transactional and Snapshot on basis of business specification.  * Configuring TEMP DB on files and file groups and capacity planning of databases.  * Configuring and maintaining Report Manager and Report Server for reporting services.  * Expertise in troubleshooting SQL issues by using SQL Tools, execution plans, Statistics, index tuning wizard Performance Monitor, SQL Profiler and optimizing the queries, long running queries and deadlocks.  * Worked experience with developers to do the database schema changes and database restore requests.  * Involved in all phases of SDLC methodologies such as Agile Scrum, Test driven and Waterfall.  * Experience in providing 24 x 7 on call production support.  * Excellent interpersonal, analytical and communication skills and committed team player, self-motivated and work well under pressure.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1464.html#518:::Environmental Protection Specialist;Environmental Planner;GIS Analyst and Database Administrator;Environmental Planner;Teaching and research assistant;Environmental Planner;GIS Analyst;DATABASE (8 years);DATABASE DESIGN (8 years);ARCGIS (10+ years);COLLECTION (10+ years);DATA ANALYSIS (10+ years):::Environmental Protection Specialist Environmental Protection Specialist Environmental Protection Specialist - United States Department of Agriculture Alexandria, VA Work Experience Environmental Protection Specialist United States Department of Agriculture - Washington, DC February 2018 to Present February 2018 | Present  • Responsible for the acceptance and review of proposal related environmental impact analyses and documentation submitted by applicants for agency-financed electric, telecommunications, and  water and waste disposal proposals as well as providing technical guidance on relevant  environmental issues to staff, borrowers and consultants.  • Prepares reviews and analyzes proposal specific environmental impact analyses and documentation prepared and submitted by agency applicants and borrowers or their consultants for proposals which are categorical exclusions, Environmental Assessments or Environmental  Impact Statements for all Rural Development Utilities Programs (Electric, Telecommunications,  Water and Environmental Programs).  • Responsible for WEP Solar Projects acceptance of environmental reports and environmental  assessments to review and determine the correct course of action for these proposals.  • Provides expert advice and assistance for all program and proposal related impact analyses;  planning, coordinating, and facilitating interagency or public meetings.  • Works with and secures comments and input from agency staff and any government, tribal or public stakeholders. Analyzes all comments received and prepares the agency's responses and any  required correspondence.  • Consults with a variety of regulatory or resource agencies, tribal officials or the public with a high  degree of skill. Resolves and negotiates outstanding issues of a complex or sensitive ecological or political nature and prepares written comments reflecting agency views on the issue.  • Advises and make recommendations to agency approval officials whether the environmental  review process and documentation is in compliance with the agency environmental policies and procedures.  • Prepares and maintain digital, web based guidance and environmental compliance tools for agency staff, applicants and borrowers. Environmental Planner University of Puerto Rico - Río Piedras Campus - San Juan, PR March 2017 to February 2018 March 2017 | February 2018  • Research with the United States Forest Service to determine the value of ecosystem services and recreational characteristics from urban forests in Puerto Rico.  • Gave workshops and created checklists for community empowerment and training so poor  communities understood the value of their natural resources and how to maximize and optimize the resources that are available to them. GIS Analyst and Database Administrator Caño Martín Peña Land Trust - San Juan, PR June 2016 to August 2017 June 2016 | August 2017  • Assisted in the GIS Department in the Planning Office with database management and cartography while performing spatial and location based problem solving.  • Had extensive contact with an array of geographic source tools that included: topographic maps,  plat maps, land use/ planning maps.  • Entered new map data through use of a digitizer or by direct input of coordinate information  using the principles of cartography including coordinate systems, longitude, Latitude, elevation,  topography, and map scales. Environmental Planner Para la Naturaleza - Puerto Rico's Conservation Fund - San Juan, PR August 2014 to March 2015 • Performed environmental tests: selected testing objectives, determined statistical design and strategy, evaluated and communicated results and advised to the Conservation Fund Board.  • Assessed emissions of greenhouse gases, volatile organic compounds and risky air pollutants.  • Assisted in the creation and implementation of environmental documentation such as checklists,  reviews and environmental publications. Teaching and research assistant University of Puerto Rico - Río Piedras Campus - San Juan, PR August 2012 to May 2014 August 2012 | May 2014  • Assisted department professors by performing teaching or teaching-related duties, such as teaching courses, developing teaching materials, preparing and giving examinations, and grading  examinations or papers.  • Assisted in coursework for both undergraduate and graduate students. Courses include: Urban  Geography, Introductory GIS, Cartography I, Cartography II, Advanced GIS, GIS for  Community and Regional Planning, Statistics, Geo-demographics, and Urban Planning Methods.  • Assisted in Geographic Information Systems based projects including: computerized mapping,  remote sensing, GIS analysis, database design, aerial photos interpretation and integration of GIS and CAD. Environmental Planner Puerto Rico's Department - San Juan, PR August 2013 to March 2014 August 2013 | March 2014  • Gained experience in environmental research methods, exposure monitoring, pollution  measurement, technical writing, policy analysis, and environmental planning as part of an environmental justice research project.  • Involved in preparation of environmental checklists, Environmental Impact Statements,  environmental evaluations and assessments, permit materials, and special planning, urban design  reports, master plans and studies.  • Demonstrated expertise in the application of GIS theory, data management, analysis,  cartography, modeling, and the ESRI ArcGIS desktop environment. GIS Analyst Puerto Rico Political Board - San Juan, PR August 2011 to May 2012 Assisted in the creation of datasets and databases that included cadastre data for Puerto Rico  municipalities. These included queries by munipalities, barrios and communities.  • Assisted in the GIS Department in the Planning Office with database management and cartography while performing spatial and location based problem solving. Education MSc in Geospatial Science and Technology Polytechnic University of Puerto Rico - San Juan, PR March 2017 to August 2018 Juris Doctor in Law Inter American University - Law School - San Juan, PR July 2015 to May 2017 Master in Planning in Environmental, Urban and Economic Planning University of Puerto Rico - San Juan, PR August 2011 to May 2015 BS in Physical Geography and Geospatial Technology University of Puerto Rico - San Juan, PR August 2007 to May 2011 Skills DATABASE (8 years), DATABASE DESIGN (8 years), ARCGIS (10+ years), COLLECTION (10+ years), DATA ANALYSIS (10+ years) Additional Information Skills  Programming Languages: Python, Javascript  Software: Photoshop CS6, ArcGIS, ArcGIS Pro, Qgis, IDRISI, Geomatica    Technical Skills: Data collection, big data analysis, geospatial analysis, project development, database design  Social Skills: Americorps VISTA, Boy Scouts of America
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1465.html#519:::Sales Associate;Cashier, Sales and Customer Service (Assistant Manager);Education Officer /ICT Instructor;Systems Engineer, Web and Database Administrator;Database Management (Less than 1 year);Maintenance (2 years);Customer Service (6 years);Sales Management (3 years);Database Management System (Less than 1 year);Project Management (3 years);Microsoft Office (10+ years):::Sales Associate Sales Associate Sales Associate Position -BOB'S DISCOUNT FURNITURE Cockeysville, MD * Possesses good communication skills.  * Sound customer relationship and services.  * Good mathematical and computational skills.  * Goal oriented and a passionate self-starter.  * Ability to decode and implement instructions.  * Friendly and a good team player.  * Ability to work under pressure with little or no supervision.  * Result driven and passionate about meeting organizational objectives.  * Sound information technology background and a quick learner.  * Ability to adapt to changing working conditions. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sales Associate Bob's Discount Furniture - Cockeysville, MD March 2019 to Present RESPONSIBILITIES:  1. Dealing with customers on the phone, online and during in-store visit.  2. Assisting and guiding customers with selection and purchase of Merchandise and Accessories.  3. Processing transaction and payments using SAP software.  4. Processing Web orders and placing Delivery Dates.  5. Dealing with concerns and complaints by taking proactive steps that best satisfy customers.  6. Ensuring the store looks presentable during and after business hours by fluffing regularly.  7. Guiding customers through Alternative Financing options available to make purchases.  8. Follow-up and feedback on customers for better service.  9. Meeting and exceeding set goals and sales target weekly.  10. Communication with management team to achieve overall objectives. Cashier, Sales and Customer Service (Assistant Manager) Carroll Mart - Curtis Bay, MD February 2017 to December 2018 RESPONSIBILITIES:   1. Use of Cash Register for Sales of Merchandise.  2. Regular update of Stock and Inventory control.  3. Branding and Sales.  4. Report generation and communication with management team.  5. Customer Service and Technical Support.  6. Placing, processing and making payments for Merchandise delivered by Vendors. Education Officer /ICT Instructor Dairy Farms School Complex, Agege Lagos State July 2013 to October 2016 RESPONSIBILITIES:   1. Planning and presentation of lessons and practical sessions using the UBE Curriculum.  2. Performing administrative tasks and classroom management.  3. Maintenance of student records, Online classes and Website administration.  4. Coordinating groups to complete projects.  5. Working under pressure or variable terms to accomplish expected goals periodically. Systems Engineer, Web and Database Administrator Dopemu, Lagos State - Lagos, NG November 2011 to June 2012 RESPONSIBILITIES:  1. Operating Systems update, Installation and Configuration of Wireless Networks.  2. Development, Hosting and Maintenance of Static, Dynamic, Flash and Content Management Websites.  3. Developing, Installation, Maintenance and trouble-shooting of Database Engines and Servers.  4. Basic System Administration and Processing. Education Certificate of Membership Nigerian Institute of Management November 2011 Certificate of National Service Ibarapa East Oyo State October 2011 Bachelor of Science in (Education). Computer Science University of Benin, Edo State October 2010 Skills Database Management (Less than 1 year), Maintenance (2 years), Customer Service (6 years), Sales Management (3 years), Database Management System (Less than 1 year), Project Management (3 years), Microsoft Office (10+ years) Assessments Technical Support — Completed August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/8tl8awazvaimce8u Problem Solving — Completed August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to analyze relevant information when solving problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/qjtwkzipumzz8-xb Organizational Skills — Proficient August 2019 Arranging and managing information or materials using a set of rules. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/cq8tirgtzbbnnugr Project Management Skills: Time Management — Familiar August 2019 Prioritizing and allocating time to effectively achieve project deliverables. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/v1kcgxxzcenwg5sx Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:  * Efficient use of Computer and Digital devices such as micro, smart and handheld devices.  * Web Development and Administration which include Design, Hosting and Updating of Websites.  * Good understanding of Database Concept and Relative Database Management System (RDBMS)  * Developing and Maintenance of fairly robust database engines Microsoft Access, Structured Query Language (SQL Servers)  * Use and maintenance of Computer Laboratory Equipments, Presentation Tools and Online Conferencing.  * Use of SAP Software for Processing transactions.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1466.html#520:::Bank Teller;Oracle Database Administrator;Business Analyst Intern;Data Management Systems Intern;Data Analyst / Application Support;Database;Oracle;Pl/sql;Sql;Visio;Excel;Microsoft excel;Microsoft powerpoint;Powerpoint;Microsoft word;Word:::Bank Teller Bank Teller Bank Teller - Wells Fargo Bank Baltimore, MD Work Experience Bank Teller Wells Fargo Bank - Austell, GA December 2017 to Present Provides account services to customers by receiving deposits and loan payments; cashing checks; issuing savings withdrawals;  recording night and mail deposits; selling cashier's checks, traveler's checks, and series e bonds; answering questions in person or on telephone; referring to other bank services.  • Records transactions by logging cashier's checks, traveler's checks, and other special services; preparing currency transaction reports.  • Cross-sells bank products by answering inquiries; informing customers of new services and product promotions; ascertaining customers'  needs; directing customers to a branch representative. Oracle Database Administrator Pherme Solutions - Atlanta, GA June 2013 to October 2017 Installed Oracle software, planning the database & security strategy, enrolling system users and planning for their Oracle Network  access while creating, migrating and backing up database for various clients.  • Project Lead - successfully analyzed, recommended and implemented an active Oracle Data Guard to facilitate data protection, site  redundancy and disaster recovery.  • Successfully upgrade multiple databases and performance tuning, maintenance and training for continuous operation  • Carried out Oracle Database maintenance; baselining, performance tuning, alert configuration, using snapshots taking by Automated  Workload Repository (AWR)/ Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor (ADDM) to generate performance reports, monitoring and database performance  • Performed database cloning and refreshes from production to UAT/DEV environment Business Analyst Intern Portal of Health - Lawrenceville, GA June 2017 to September 2017 • Assisted with the redesign of a volunteer system to increase the productivity of company volunteer.  • Constructed strategic survey enhance the accuracy and relevance of survey results.  • Embedded redesigned survey models and instruction onto the company website and designed surveys accessibility features.  • Managed membership and client database using online systems to store, import and export necessary data for analysis. Data Management Systems Intern Emory University Hospital - Atlanta, GA October 2016 to December 2016 • Worked with other interns on improving database functionality to improve data entry and reporting errors.  • Created and presented data finding and recommendations to senior leadership.  • Monitored and maintained data elements in SQL database systems. Data Analyst / Application Support SkyPacific Group Inc - Atlanta, GA February 2011 to March 2013 Maintain the Oracle 10g RAC environment and troubleshoot performance problems which included building test strategies, backup & recovery models for Oracle. Refreshing test databases.  ? Managed backup & Recovery for Oracle on Linux using RMAN and went through the day-to-day user requests to troubleshoot the database related problems.  ? Linux shell scripting for monitoring oracle Database status, security & backups.  ? Monitored Tablespace size, resizing Tablespace, relocating data files for better disk I/O.  ? Created user, allocation of appropriate tablespace quotas with necessary privileges and roles for Oracle & SQL Server databases.  ? Created backup plan design and implementation using cold/hot backups and RMAN backup technology.  ? Used OEM Grid Control Diagnostic and tuning packs to tune the application and SQL queries  ? Ran complex queries to retrieve data and ad-hoc reports from multiple tables within Oracle database Education Bachelor's of Interdisciplinary Studies in Health Informatics in Interdisciplinary Studies Georgia State University - Atlanta, GA Skills Database, Oracle, Pl/sql, Sql, Visio, Excel, Microsoft excel, Microsoft powerpoint, Powerpoint, Microsoft word, Word Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  ? Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word, Microsoft PowerPoint, Visio, SQL and PL/SQL Fundamentals, Oracle Database 10g/11g  Administration, Oracle Grid Infrastructure and ASM, Oracle Active Data Guard Internals and Data Guard Broker
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1467.html#521:::Sr. Administrative Assistant;Owner;Assistant Administrator;Receptionist;Chiropractic Assistant and Marketing Assistant;Executive Assistant and Project Coordinator;Administrative Assistant and Database Administrator;Microsoft office (10+ years);Typing (10+ years):::Sr. Administrative Assistant Sr. Administrative Assistant Principal Financial Group - USIS Distribution Des Moines, IA To utilize my extensive administrative skills to provide an exemplary experience for customers and colleagues. I also seek an environment that allows me to grow and to face new challenges while utilizing my strengths to learn tasks quickly and to prioritize within the most complex situations. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Administrative Assistant Principal Financial Group- USIS Distribution - Des Moines, IA May 2017 to Present - Create and maintain administrative processes, partnering with key stakeholders and overseeing execution of process implementation  - Manage calendars and correspondence for Directors and VP's within department  - Schedule travel needs for Directors and VP's within department  - Train additional administrative assistants to increase capacity and support the business growth  - Manage internal and external relationships, serving as liaison for key resources  - Execute assignments of non-routine and complex in nature  Reason for resignation: currently employed. Seeking a new position that would better utilize my skill set and offer growth opportunities. Owner Berry Sweet Treats and Catering - Des Moines, IA July 2014 to Present - Grown business from $0 in revenue to $5k in revenue primarily through word of mouth marketing  - Marketing creation and execution to grow the business  - Website development for enhanced customer experience and streamlined ordering  - Customer service and relationship management to deliver on brand experience for customers  - Manage order fulfillment  - Event coordination such as corporate meetings and weddings  Reason for resignation: currently employed, and planning to continue business growth in addition to pursuing a full-time career. Assistant Administrator Principal Financial Group- RIS Distribution - Des Moines, IA December 2013 to May 2017 Acting Administrative Assistant for the Institutional Education Team  - Create and maintain administrative processes, partnering with key stakeholders and overseeing execution of process implementation  - Produce training manuals for new employees to expedite their time to productivity  - Train additional administrative assistants to increase capacity and support the business growth  - Manage internal and external relationships, serving as liaison for key resources  - Partner with clients and representatives to deliver educational meetings  - Order fulfillment of education materials  - Develop and record presentations for educational meetings  - Create monthly and quarterly reports for use in business planning  Reason for resignation: transferred within Principal to a more advanced administrative role. Receptionist Rasmussen Group - Des Moines, IA May 2013 to November 2013 - Managed internal and external relationships, serving as liaison for key resources  - Dispatched phones for all incoming calls  - Distributed mail throughout the office  - Coordinated new employee background and security checks in partnership with Human Resources  - Created weekly and monthly reports for use in business planning  Reason for resignation: offered advanced position at Principal. Chiropractic Assistant and Marketing Assistant Ballenger Chiropractic and Acupuncture - West Des Moines, IA January 2013 to April 2013 - Managed office facility  - Managed scheduling and registering patients  - Oversaw experience of guests  - Organized supplies and medical files  - Researched insurance benefits  - Coordinated marketing events, serving as liaison for key resources  Reason for resignation: needed a position that offered benefits. Executive Assistant and Project Coordinator Choice Solutions, LLC - Overland Park, KS October 2011 to August 2012 - Created and maintained administrative processes, partnering with key stakeholders and oversaw execution of process implementation  - Produced training manuals for new employees to expedite their time to productivity  - Trained and managed additional executive assistants  - Managed internal and external relationships, serving as liaison for key resources  - Dispatched phones for all incoming calls  - Distributed mail throughout the office  - Coordinated travel for the company partners  - Partnered with clients and IT representatives to deliver products  - Oversaw installation of products  - Facilitated updates and resolutions to existing projects  Reason for resignation: moved back to Des Moines to be closer to family. Administrative Assistant and Database Administrator Cornerstone Family Church - Des Moines, IA April 2010 to July 2011 - Created and maintained administrative processes, partnering with key stakeholders and oversaw execution of process implementation  - Managed internal and external relationships, serving as liaison for key resources  - Dispatched phones for all incoming calls  - Organized and maintained membership database  - Created and maintained check-in system  - Managed check-in team  - Coordinated events such as the youth and children's summer camps  Reason for resignation: moved to Kansas City for career opportunities. Education Certification in Religious Studies in Regligion & Humanitarianism Youth With A Mission - Tyler, TX 2009 to 2010 Bachelor's in Vocal Music & General Business Iowa State University - Ames, IA 2004 to 2008 Skills Microsoft office (10+ years), Typing (10+ years)
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1468.html#522:::Database Administrator;Help Desk Support;Help Desk Technician;IT Tutor;Technical Host Support;Service Desk;Help Desk;Desktop Support;Tech Support;Helpdesk Support;Active Directory;VPN;MAC:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Buffalo, NY Technologically-minded professional and IT graduate with solid work experience. Excellent work ethic, able to quickly master new technologies and manage multiple projects efficiently. Goal-oriented and ready to learn. Currently seeking a position in which to utilize my skills as an IT professional and enthusiast, drawing upon my experience and ability to learn and adapt quickly in a variety of IT positions. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Administrator RSVP Communications - Greensboro, NC January 2019 to Present SQL and FoxPro database work for a print company. Also print jobs, printer maintenance. Working with other depts. (fulfillment, billing, etc) Help Desk Support IBM/CTG - Buffalo, NY November 2017 to August 2018 Help Desk Technician 6 Fountain Plaza - Buffalo, NY April 2016 to April 2017 Provide product support for a Medicaid NEMT program; Provide product support for NEMT Dispatching program; Create/edit/manage knowledge based articles for each program; Update the company website with any new news, articles, updates; Handled on-boarding of new support personnel; HTML utilized; Tickets/call logs created for incidents as they come in; Live-Chat and screen sharing. Towards the end if my stay there I conducted meetings, help on-board and train new personnel and took over a managerial role. IT Tutor Buffalo, NY September 2015 to March 2016 Basic technical skills taught to clients on a per visit basis. Traveling to the students' locations to have face-to-face instructions in their area of study. Assisted college student in networking and security courses; Microsoft Office products uses and tools; proper internet, firewall and anti-virus usage, as well as properly organizing and sourcing their scholastic materials using the cloud and other tools. Earthlink/ProUnlimited - Amherst, NY March 2014 to May 2015 in a help desk environment. Supporting several different operating systems while maintaining a high level of customer satisfaction. Responsible for password resets, unlocking of accounts, and general troubleshooting responsibilities. Escalating problems not within our scope to the proper support group to have the problem resolved in a timely manner. Technical Host Support Olean Area Federal Credit Union - Olean, NY December 2012 to January 2014 1201 Wayne St., Olean NY)  Dec. 2012 - Jan. 2014    Maintain and update servers, end-point users, and hardware for the entire building. Keeping things running smoothly on a daily basis, while implementing new software and procedures. Running wires and physically moving equipment. Maintenance of ATM's and other Credit Union devices. Communicating/troubleshooting with MDT (Technical Host Support). Maintain Backup (tape). Domain control, new user setup, exchange server. Contract Work - NSI - Mississauga, ON November 2010 to December 2012 Took different contract jobs for a retail company based out of Canada. Imaged 2000+ PC's and 500+ HP Printers for shipment and installation of POS system for Glidden Paint Stores. Traveled around the country (30+ states) installing the hardware/software for the POS system. Repair/rebuild PC's for different clients on per order basis. Most recently working with college students as an IT tutor. Education Associate Degree in Information Technology Bryant & Stratton College - Buffalo, NY September 2009 to August 2010 Skills Service Desk, Help Desk, Desktop Support, Tech Support, Helpdesk Support, Active Directory, VPN, MAC
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1469.html#523:::MSSQL DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR;MS-SQL DATA ANALYST;MS-SQL DATA ANALYST AND DBA;SHAREPOINT (2 years);ASP;CSS;ASP.NET;.NET;DBA;Sql Server;Sql Dba:::MSSQL DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR MSSQL <span class="hl">DATABASE</span> <span class="hl">ADMINISTRATOR</span> MSSQL DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR - JOHNS HOPKINS UNIVERSITY Essex, MD Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience MSSQL DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR JOHNS HOPKINS UNIVERSITY June 2016 to Present • Generates reports from SQL SERVER database using SSRS and Visual Studio  • Extract Transform and Load data from different data sources into SQL SERVER using SSIS service  • Configures three nodes AlwaysOn SQL Server Failover Microsoft Cluster Configuration to support very vital healthcare provider applications.  • Uses RED-GATE and IDIRA as a third party tool in increasing performance of the SQL server 2014  • Participates in MSSQL SERVER data modeling and defining attribute relationship and developed entity relationship diagrams  • Manages Bulk-insert from different data sources  • Administers windows user access to MSSQL SERVER INSTANCE and SECURABLES  • Performs server installation and configurations for SQL Server 2012. Migrating data from SQL 2008 to 2008R2, SQL 2012 and 2014 in both single virtual sever and cluster environment.  • Applies security service packs for both testing and production SQL instances.  • Troubleshoot SharePoint related errors and worked closely with SharePoint admins to upgrade SharePoint 2010 to 2013.  • Verifies all SQL Server instances are up and running.  • Verifies that all scheduled jobs have run successfully, and backup jobs successfully executed. Monitors MSDB database is backed up, and index and statistic maintenance are completed.  • Setup backup and restoration jobs for development and QA environments.  • Monitors disk space by checking the amount of free space available on each SQL Server to ensure it is not below 10%.  • Reviews database sizes and growth settings.  • Checks SQL Server and Windows application and system event log entries for warnings and errors and determine if any entries warrant further investigation.  • Troubleshoots all reports related errors for customers. Conduct SQL DBA daily health checks against the Databases to avoid downtime.  • Designs data analysis plan and conducts data analysis for both quantitative and qualitative studies using statistical software packages including SAS, STATA, SPSS and Atlas.ti. These include creating databases for data entry, generating and recoding variables, data cleaning for analysis.  • Generates reports for both descriptive and inferential statistics  • Independently run a bivariate, chi2, linear regression, ordered logistic/logistic regression, and multivariate regression MS-SQL DATA ANALYST June 2013 to May 2015 IBTCI  • Performed server installation and configurations for SQL Server 2012 and SQL Server 2014. Migrated data from SQL 2008 to 2008R2 and SQL 2012 in both single virtual sever and cluster environment.  • Administered windows user access to MSSQL SERVER INSTANCE and SECURABLES  • Applied security service packs for both testing and production SQL instances.  • Configured Reports to run against back-end production Databases.  • Involved in capacity planning, sizing and database growth projections. Fine tune databases to increase performance.  • Scheduled Full and Transactional log backups for the user created and system databases in the production environment using the Database Maintenance Plan Wizard.  • Setup backup and restoration jobs for development and QA environments.  • Troubleshoot all reports related errors for customers. Conduct SQL DBA daily health checks against the Databases to avoid downtime.  • Maintains the disaster recovery solution at the remote site for the production databases using Cluster.  • Participated in MSSQL SERVER data modeling and defining attribute relationship and developed entity relationship diagrams  • Setup Database Maintenance Plans to reorganize indexes, re-indexing and update the index statistics on the production databases.  • Microsoft SQL Server Database Migration from MS SQL 2008R2 to MS SQL 2014.  • Created and scheduled Maintenance plans ( database and log backups and cleanups), Created tables and performed data imports and restores for successful migration.  • Managing data resource by shrinking data files and log files.  • Helped in the process of generating reports using SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services).  • Performed Production Support and On-call duties.  • Monitored the database instances daily to make sure they are up and running. Troubleshoot if they have problems.  • Recreate database and view indexes to improve query performance.  • Restoring corrupted databases from backup locations to production or staging servers.  • Migrating databases from production Servers to Development Servers for Testing.  • Implementing Tuning tools, such as Database Tuning Advisor to improve performance.  • Setting database mirroring for High Availability Solutions.  • Installed and configured SQL Server in SQL Server 2008/2008R2 using Window Server 2008R2. MS-SQL DATA ANALYST AND DBA ETHIOPIA AIRLINES June 2009 to May 2013 • Created logical and physical relational data bases  • Conducted performance tuning, maintenance and troubleshooting  • Administered Disaster Recovery Planning and Security Management operations  • Troubleshoot performance issues, fine-tunes databases and index analysis  • Conducted SQL Server 2014 migration from SQL Server 2012  • Made memory configurations for SQL Servers  • Conducted Batch processes, Import, Export, Backup, Database Monitoring tools and Application support  • Created packages for data transfer between environments Education M.SC in Health Information Technology and Management GEORGE MASON UNIVERSITY May 2014 BA in Information Technology and System Administration ADDIS ABABA UNIVERSITY August 2008 Skills SHAREPOINT (2 years), ASP, CSS, ASP.NET, .NET, DBA, Sql Server, Sql Dba Certifications/Licenses Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP) Additional Information SKILLS  • HTML, C##, CSS, ASP.NET, .NET, SharePoint
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\147.html#524:::Oracle Database Analyst;Junior Database Administrator;Junior Oracle Database Administrator;Real Application Clusters (RAC) (Less than 1 year);Oracle (3 years);Data Analysis (2 years);Database Management (3 years);SQL (3 years);Performance Management (2 years);Database Administration (3 years);Recovery Manager (RMAN) (2 years):::Oracle Database Analyst Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> Analyst Junior Oracle Database Administrator Houston, TX A Certified Oracle Database Administrator with a DoD Top Secret Clearance (TS) and approximately 3 years of experience assisting with the installation, configuration and maintenance of Oracle 11gR2 RAC databases in large-scale UNIX/Linux environments. Technical skills include Backup and Recovery procedures (RMAN), Performance Tuning, Security and User/Resource Management. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Analyst HP Enterprise Services, LLC - Alexandria, VA November 2016 to Present - Develop complex SQL queries and scripts for use in ad hoc reports, analysis of data quality, and data manipulation in Oracle 12c databases supporting Department of Defense systems.    - Network w/ System Administrators, Oracle DBA's, and Information Security Specialists to create and maintain efficient and effective production systems.    - Interpret functional requirements and build logical and physical data models in order to ensure a high level of quality in integrity, reliability, and performance.    - Assist DBA's in managing relational database tables and objects based upon both logical and physical data models. Junior Database Administrator U.S. Department of State - Washington, DC December 2014 to November 2016 - Assist Senior Staff in technical support, performance tuning, and maintenance of Oracle 11gR2 RAC databases supported by DataGuard.    - Perform root-cause analysis to troubleshoot and resolve database performance issues using various tools and techniques (i.e. AWR, ADDM and Alert Log).    - Assisted in performance tuning and optimization using the Cost-based Optimizer (CBO) to efficiently execute SQL statements.    - Assist Senior DBA's with high volume data Extraction, Transformation, and Loading (ETL) using Data Pump, SQL Loader, and Oracle Streams technologies.    - Responsible for developing and implementing comprehensive backup and recovery strategies for Oracle databases using RMAN. Junior Oracle Database Administrator Best Buy - Hanover, MD May 2014 to December 2014 - Assisted with the installation, configuration and maintenance of Oracle 11gR2 databases.    - Developed and changed database objects such as tables, packages and indices using SQL DDL and DML statements.    - Created users, roles, and profiles to manage CPU resources and accessibility.    - Created and executed backups and developed recovery procedures using RMAN.     - Assisted with technical documentation outlining requirements, standards, and procedures for database processes. Education Bachelor of Science in Economics University of Houston - Houston, TX August 2011 to May 2014 Skills Real Application Clusters (RAC) (Less than 1 year), Oracle (3 years), Data Analysis (2 years), Database Management (3 years), SQL (3 years), Performance Management (2 years), Database Administration (3 years), Recovery Manager (RMAN) (2 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/jared-williams-11206012b Certifications/Licenses Oracle Certified Associate (OCA)
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1470.html#525:::Database Administrator II;Reporting Systems Analyst;Senior Reservations Coordinator;Microsoft Office (10+ years);Data Analysis (10+ years);AP Style (10+ years);Chicago Style (10+ years);MLA Style (10+ years);Speechwriting (10+ years);Copy Editing (10+ years);Copy Writing (10+ years);Relationship Management (10+ years);Document Management (10+ years);CRM (5 years);SEO (2 years);Communications (10+ years);Internal Communications (5 years);Public Relations (5 years);Excel (10+ years);Stakeholder Analysis (5 years);Public Information (5 years);Word (10+ years);Wordpress (5 years);Written Communication (10+ years);Written Correspondence (10+ years);Proofreading (10+ years);Project Management (3 years);Rhetoric (5 years);Crisis Communications (5 years);Public Relation:::Database Administrator II <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> II Communications Manager Olathe, KS Highly skilled Strategic Communications professional holding a master’s degree in Communication Studies seeking a Communications Specialist position. Well-versed in stakeholder analysis, strategic communications, and brand integrity. Strong experience in coaching executive teams on communication methods. Expert in crisis communication, with proven ability to solve problems under tight deadlines. Highly adept at Microsoft Office Suite with Microsoft Excel Specialist certification. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Administrator II Black & Veatch - Overland Park, KS 2014 to Present • Construct internal and external communication strategies for BV’s Business Services team. Over the past three years, we have successfully coordinated over $200M in construction for AT&T’s New York market, earning “Best in Class” distinction each year.  • Develop spreadsheets, executive summaries, and PowerPoint presentations to communicate project statuses to BV and AT&T management.   • Craft crisis communication plans to maintain strong relationships with BV business partners. Communicate directly with AT&T and BV management to identify, troubleshoot, and mitigate damage of any unforeseen obstacles to construction deadlines.  • Prepare inter- and cross-departmental training curriculum for 30+ employees. Reporting Systems Analyst Starwood Hotels, Westin & Sheraton Crown Center - Kansas City, MO 2012 to 2014 • Engineered dynamic reports to track and analyze $30M yearly room and catering sales.  • Authored style guide to ensure accuracy and Starwood brand integrity for all sales contracts and agreements.  • Introduced training manuals to direct sales staff through conversion to new property management software.  • Organized weekly manager meetings to increase collaboration between departments, resulting in record-high client satisfaction scores in 2013-2014. Senior Reservations Coordinator Starwood Hotels, Westin & Sheraton Crown Center - Kansas City, MO 2011 to 2012 • Supervised individual, group, and corporate reservations for 1400 room hotel complex.  • Answered inquiries and resolved disputes by communicating directly with customers and booking agents via telephone and email.  • Drafted large group proposals, confirmation letters, and conflict resolution documents in adherence with Starwood brand and style guides.  • Directed $2M in Fortune 500 VIP room accommodations during the 2012 MLB All-Star Game.  • Spearheaded efforts to provide emergency housing for over 300 medical professionals during inclement weather conditions in 2012. Education Master's in Communication Studies University of Kansas - Lawrence, KS May 2018 Bachelor's in Literature, Language & Writing University of Kansas - Lawrence, KS May 2015 Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), Data Analysis (10+ years), AP Style (10+ years), Chicago Style (10+ years), MLA Style (10+ years), Speechwriting (10+ years), Copy Editing (10+ years), Copy Writing (10+ years), Relationship Management (10+ years), Document Management (10+ years), CRM (5 years), SEO (2 years), Communications (10+ years), Internal Communications (5 years), Public Relations (5 years), Excel (10+ years), Stakeholder Analysis (5 years), Public Information (5 years), Word (10+ years), Wordpress (5 years), Written Communication (10+ years), Written Correspondence (10+ years), Proofreading (10+ years), Project Management (3 years), Rhetoric (5 years), Crisis Communications (5 years), Public Relation Certifications/Licenses Microsoft Excel Specialist June 2014 to Present Microsoft Excel Specialist certification, awarded by Microsoft, Inc. Assessments Proofreading — Highly Proficient February 2019 Proofreading written texts. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/2qw-thge1rm9fft Social Media Skills — Highly Proficient February 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to create content, communicate online, and build a brand's reputation. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/ymvtgp0rrvaqzpki Problem Solving — Highly Proficient February 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to analyze relevant information when solving problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/vtcjr82brqxvtouk Verbal Communication — Expert February 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to effectively convey information when speaking. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/iq3dioievq4nx5-v Written Communication — Expert February 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to convey written information using proper grammar rules. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/vf9u8b6kzfazyey1 Basic Spreadsheet Proficiency with Microsoft Excel — Expert February 2019 Measures a candidate's knowledge of basic Microsoft Excel techniques, including sorting, formatting, and filtering of columns or rows. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/mxfqvcaqeppc3hah Intermediate Spreadsheet Proficiency with Microsoft Excel — Expert February 2019 Measures a candidate's knowledge of intermediate Microsoft Excel techniques including effectively writing and applying conditional formulas. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/fxvgurwo21tcib1z Critical Thinking Skills — Highly Proficient February 2019 Measures a candidate’s ability to use logical approaches when solving problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/seim3zb1zkee7t-y Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Groups National Communications Association September 2016 to Present Whispering Prairie Press January 2017 to Present Vice President Kansas Writers' Association October 2016 to Present
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1471.html#526:::Database Administrator;IT Support Engineer;Senior ERP Assistant;Assistant Programmer;Student Intern;Computer Networking, Active Directory, Telecommunications, Troubleshooting, Help desk/technical support, ERP Administration/Support, Interpersonal Communication, Database Administration, Web Application Development, Programming/application development, Mobile applications and device management, Computer Networking, Computer Management (6 years);System Administrator;Active Directory:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Fremont, CA High?performing, strategic?thinking professional with more than six years' experience in  in IT field at different organizations. Highly skilled at relationship building  with customers and across organizations and teams; exceptional writing, presenting, and  interpersonal communication skills. Adept at assessing needs, generating options, and  implementing solutions in collaboration with customers and co-workers. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Administrator Afghan Coalition - Fremont, CA March 2018 to Present Configure database servers  Monitor and maintain system health and security  Design backup processes for server and associated data.  Create accounts for all users and assign security levels  Provide end-to-end technical support and problem resolution  Schedule and perform regular server maintenance  Create database management procedures IT Support Engineer Department of State/United States Embassy - Kabul October 2013 to November 2016 Provided phone, remote, in person, helpdesk support to customers.   ? Investigated application problems and provided solutions to customers.   ? Achieved the highest level of productivity, handled over 1000 calls per month.  ? Earned solid reputation for resolving complex issues and providing exceptional customer service.  ? Provided network administration and support for 1000+ company users under Multi-platform   environment with PC clients.   ? Trained and assisted users with policies and procedures for PDA, mobile computing device, and video   conferencing systems.   ? Utilized a CRM daily to track and work desktop support tickets such as hardware repairs, installing   software, cloning/ maintained user permissions, and answered users questions.   ? Generated procedure guides for several tasks such as user maintenance/access in Active Directory,   desktop deployment, and re-imaging laptops. Created, configured mailboxes for additional users and   configured mail account to use open web access by configuring mailbox features.   ? Installed and Configured mail clients on mobile devices which includes Apple mail and Exchange. Senior ERP Assistant Etisalat Telecommunication Company - Kabul January 2011 to October 2013 Performed as a member of an application support team for ERP systems users throughout the organization.  Worked with ERP systems users and management to determine appropriate system configuration and setup.   Assisted with testing new releases of ERP systems prior to use in a production environment.   Created documentation and procedures guidelines for ERP systems users.   Thoroughly understood ERP security subsystem in order to assign appropriate system access to users at different levels throughout the organization.   Thoroughly understood business practices and procedures in order to design, develop and maintain automated workflow processes.   Worked as a Systems Analyst with knowledgeable persons throughout the agency to help define user needs and develop data processing solutions.   Analyzed and troubleshoot ERP system issues reported by end users.   Designed, developed and maintained reports, forms, views and tables used by technical staff and ERP systems users. Assistant Programmer First Rate Inc - Arlington, TX April 2010 to December 2010 Used established procedures, coded, tested and debugged advance application programs, software components, and interfaces or modifying existing high-complexity software according to specifications.  Used established procedures performs unit or modular testing.  Prepared technical documents, user manuals, and help files.  Assisted in analysis, recording, tracking, and resolution of application problems.  Coded and executed programs to extract, transform, and load data for simple and advanced system conversions.  Assisted in gathering information and eliciting and documenting business requirements.  Assisted in developing functional specifications.  Participated in the design, testing and documentation phases of programs of moderate complexity and/or independently.  Performed the design, testing and documentation phases of the more standard or routine programs assigned.  Translated predetermined logic into appropriate programming language.  Utilized standard reference, resource or procedural materials to resolve problems. Student Intern Roshan Telecommunication Development Company - Kabul July 2009 to December 2009 Understood the client requirements and how they translate in application features.  Collaborated with a team of IT professionals to set specifications for new applications.  Designed creative prototypes according to specifications.  Wrote high quality source code to program complete applications within deadlines.  Performed unit and integration testing before launch.   Conducted functional and non-functional testing.  Troubleshooted and debugged applications.  Evaluated existing applications to reprogram, updated and added new features.  Developed technical documents to accurately represent application design and code. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science in Computer Programming, Computer Networking, Database Management, Computer Hardware Kabul University - Kabul, AF March 2006 to December 2009 Skills Computer Networking, Active Directory, Telecommunications, Troubleshooting, Help desk/technical support, ERP Administration/Support, Interpersonal Communication, Database Administration, Web Application Development, Programming/application development, Mobile applications and device management, Computer Networking, Computer Management (6 years), System Administrator, Active Directory Awards Cash Award - United States Embassy Eagle Award - United States Ebassy Best Customer Service - United States Embassy Star Team Member - Etisalat Telecommunication Company Certifications/Licenses MCTS: Microsoft Dynamics AX 2009 MorphX Solution Development 2011 MCTS: Microsoft Dynamics AX 2009 Enterprise Portal Development 2011 MCP: Microsoft Exchange Server 2010, Configuration 2014 MCTS: Microsoft Dynamics AX 2009 2011 MCTS: Microsoft Dynamics AX 2009 Development Introduction 2011 CompTIA A+ CompTIA Network+ A valid IT Specialist certification
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1472.html#527:::Web Developer/IT Support;Head of IT Department;Programmer and Database Administrator;Database;Personnel records;Human resources;Staffing;Human resources management;PHP;Wordpress;C#:::Web Developer/IT Support Web Developer/IT Support Web Developer/IT Support - Dar-us-Salaam Cultural Center Eagan, MN With more than 15 years of experience in the IT field, I have worked and managed deploying various IT applications serving more than 100,000 users and stakeholders. I am looking forward into joining an organization that will benefit from my technical and leadership skills as well as contribute in bringing innovative ideas to the organization. Work Experience Web Developer/IT Support Dar-us-Salaam Cultural Center - Burnsville, MN March 2018 to Present • Maintained and developed responsive website optimized for desktop, tablet, and mobile view points  • Helped establish and guided the website's architecture using various Front-end web design skills (HTML, CSS, and JavaScript) and Back-end (Php, MysQL)  • Designed and implemented new features, enhancements, and content of existing website and documented technical and functional specifications  • Ensured IT services are well maintained and functioning  • Created Databases using Access and Excel to manage facility's day to day operations  • Supported Network connectivity, Software Installations, printers and all computer related issues VBA AND ACCESS 2017 to 2017 Microsoft Office Head of IT Department Department of IT of Ministry of Education - Djibouti, DJ July 2013 to July 2014 Republic of Djibouti    • Supervised and provided day to day strategic direction to 15 staff, on $100,000 budget in dispatching resources, technical support, and basic troubleshooting services  • Oversaw an expensive allocation of all hardware and software material including ten unique software applications, database management, and website infrastructure for multiple stakeholder groups  • Managed dedicated teams of IT professionals serving six districts circling 22, 000 Km² in the construction, maintenance, and support of 100,000 K-12 students and staff personnel records Programmer and Database Administrator Ministry of Education of Djibouti - Djibouti, DJ September 2006 to July 2013 Djibouti, Republic of Djibouti    • Designed and implemented new accessibility applications to gather better personnel data capturing staff profiles, funding, credentials, career trajectory, vacation and sick leave, and professional development objectives  • Managed implementation and execution of all final and exit exams marking transitions from 5th grade, 9th grade, and 12th grade for approximately 30, 000 students as they advanced grade levels  • Conducted statistics analysis and formulated summary reports of all final and exit exams    SOFTWARE AND PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES  • PHP WordPress C/C++ C#/ ASP.Net/ MVC 5 HTML/CSS JavaScript Education BS in Computer Science Minnesota State University - Moorhead, MN December 2017 BS in Computer Science University of Amiens - Amiens, FR June 2013 Bachelor of Education in Education University of Djibouti June 2002 Skills Database, Personnel records, Human resources, Staffing, Human resources management, PHP, Wordpress, C#
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1473.html#528:::IT Applications Analyst;Information Systems Manager;Registration and Admissions Systems Administrator;Solutions Analyst;Database Designer/Manager:::IT Applications Analyst IT Applications Analyst IT Applications Analyst Hillsboro, OR Organized, efficient Software Application Services Administrator with broad technical skills and 15 years experience in diverse Customer Data Management environments. Strengths include:  • System Administration • Project Management • Database Design  • Reporting /Analysis • Documentation • Training    Attentive to detail with excellent communication skills. Forward-thinker who anticipates problems and develops proactive solutions. Work Experience IT Applications Analyst MolecularMD - Portland, OR June 2012 to September 2013 USA  •  Project Management LabWare - Laboratory Information Management System (LIMS) installation; Requirements gathering, develop Functional Specifications, Implementation, Testing, Deployment    •  System Administration - LabWare; configuration, add/remove users, maintain application performance and security, upgrades/patches/enhancements, manage help desk issues, application programming and report development    •  Data Extract/Report Development; customer-specific Data Delivery based on industry standards, create Executive Dashboard into key business metrics, maintain report history and version control    •  Change Management; Document business issues, solutions, changes to production systems, field-level validation, configuration    • Database administration, querying and analysis Information Systems Manager CODA, Inc - Portland, OR November 2009 to June 2012 USA  •  Avatar Health Record System (HRS) administration; maintain application performance and security, manage help desk, application programming and report development    •  Develop Report Library including Clinician Productivity, Patient Service Utilization, Clinical Practices Compliance, Insurance tracking, State and County Reporting    • Create HRS e-training program using Adobe Captivate and Netsmart University Learning Management System (LMS)  • Administer LMS system including registration, course assignment, tracking and reporting  • Database administration, querying and analysis  • Manage Staff of 2; responsible for all help desk, error correction, training and reporting needs Registration and Admissions Systems Administrator Insight Schools - Portland, OR April 2008 to October 2009 USA  • Administer Salesforce CRM, online Student Enrollment and Registration applications  • Create series of dashboard reports to track registration, school performance  • Form development for online data capture  • Data export and upload into local SQL database  • Document system policies and procedures  Babcock and Jenkins  2000 - 2001, 2004 - 2007 Data Engineer Beaverton, OR, USA  • Design in-house CRM database to house campaign data  •  Develop projects using DataLever to import, merge, dedupe, suppress, and output mailfiles for direct marketing campaigns    •  Standardize and automate repetitive data management tasks in DataLever, C#.Net and Visual FoxPro, Schedule tasks to run unattended.    • Prepare List Pulls from SQL server data based on client-specified requirements.  • Load Response Data to SQL tables for Campaign Performance analysis  •  Develop FoxPro applications to perform data validation, deduplication, suppression to create output file for mail house to be used for direct marketing. Documented processes, reported on results.    • Standardize and document procedures; publish training manual for list processing department Train new staff  • Solutions Analyst Unicru Inc - Beaverton, OR 2003 to 2004 USA  • Manage Customer Reporting Packages for the Unicru Hiring Management System.  •  Analyze application and hiring system data, created custom and ad hoc reports as well as provide account review metrics to demonstrate Return on Investment, System Usage and Compliance, and increased Quality of Hires through the Unicru System.    •  Act as Lead writer/editor for the General Operating Guidelines establishing practices and procedures for the Solutions Analyst Group.    •  Conduct internal and external training on Unicru Report offerings as well as "train the trainer" sessions on Unicru Corporate Web Reports usage and understanding. Database Designer/Manager The Massini Group - Hillsboro, OR 2001 to 2003 USA  • Design, build and maintain client marketing databases in Access with a SQL backend.  • Standardize and normalize client data from disparate sources (text, spreadsheet, purchased lists)  •  Perform data analysis to identify target marketing universe; prepared output for marketing campaigns (direct mail, telemarketing, email)    • Compile, analyze and report on campaign results Education Associate in Arts Pierce College - Tacoma, WA 1986 Portland Community College Additional Information Technical Skills  • Health Record/Laboratory Information Systems: LabWare, Netsmart - Avatar PM, CWS, AM; WindoPath  • Data Management Systems: SQL Server, Access, Cache, Visual FoxPro, ProClarity, DataLever  • Applications: Salesforce, Crystal Reports, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, InfoPath, Adobe Captivate  • Web Development: HTML, XML, ASP, C#.Net
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1474.html#529:::Sr. PeopleSoft System Administrator and Oracle DBA;PeopleSoft Upgrade Specialist and System Administration;PeopleSoft Upgrade specialist and Database Admnistrator;PeopleSoft Administrator/DBA;PeopleSoft Administrator;Database;Epm;Oracle;Oracle 10g;Sql;Hrms;Peoplesoft;R2;Aix;Linux;Database management;Sme;Windows server 2008;Windows server 2008 r2:::Sr. PeopleSoft System Administrator and Oracle DBA Sr. PeopleSoft System <span class="hl">Administrator</span> and Oracle DBA Sr. PeopleSoft System Administrator and Oracle DBA - DineEquity Inc Los Angeles, CA • Over 9 years of experience as PeopleSoft Database and System administrator and PeopleSoft Upgrade specialist.  • In-depth knowledge of PeopleSoft architecture with a vast experience in installing, configuring and troubleshooting. Played a pivotal role in many breakthroughs. Below are some of them:  ? HA configuration: Have successfully implemented high availability on PeopleSoft application with load balancer for the first time on a customer system which was earlier running on a non - HA configuration.  ? Crystal check print with MICR fonts: Configured crystal reports with secured printer to print checks with MICR fonts. This was a major breakthrough as this enabled customer to print checks directly from printer  ? Disaster recovery setup: Provided a complete DR solution to customer with full integration to external and internal interfaces in case of a disaster and making sure the continuity of business after disaster.  ? Troubleshooting and performance tuning: Build up an entire system of integrated PS applications (EPM, HR and FSCM) with configuration from scratch and resolved performance issues by tuning the web server, application server and database.  ? Candidate gateway setup for external (non-employee) candidates for HRMS - This required a public facing interface with limited access over internet whereas the entire application was not exposed to Internet  ? SSL configuration for PIA, integration broker, report node, REN server.  • Extensive experience with PeopleSoft security - roles, permission lists and row level security. Acted as security admin to review, audit and develop security best practices.  • I have designed and delivered the entire PeopleSoft upgrade solution with PUM and non PUM applications. My upgrade experience spans from PeopleTools 8.50 to 8.55 and from application 8.4 to 9.2 - FSCM, EPM and HCM.  • Subject Matter Expert on Oracle Weblogic, Tuxedo, PeopleSoft Update Manager (PUM) and DPKs.  • Hands on experience on working with various server platforms, have formulated strategies at the server level to support the PeopleSoft application on the windows and Linux/Unix platforms, including configuring many functionalities like ftp, ftps, sftp and SSL certificates required by the PeopleSoft application to deliver its module based functionalities.  • Capacity planning and scalability on system storage and future storage requirements, memory requirement and processor requirement, hardware and software requirements.  • Expertise in Oracle Administration, Backup and Recovery procedures. Performance tuning of oracle database to support various PeopleSoft application.  • Hands on knowledge of working with Oracle Enterprise Manager to manage Oracle Database and PeopleSoft Applications.  • Implementation, maintenance of Phire tool for change management.  • System architect for Oracle Public Cloud - PeopleSoft with DBCS(DBAAS) and IAAS service exposure. I have been part of Oracle cloud migration project where we have migrated our PeopleSoft on-prem environment to Oracle Public Cloud.  • End to end PeopleSoft Security experience, spanning from application specific authentication and authorization to securing PeopleSoft infrastructure including but not limited to Weblogic, host server, filesystems, tuxedo, PeopleTools, etc. Work Experience Sr. PeopleSoft System Administrator and Oracle DBA DineEquity Inc - Los Angeles, CA August 2016 to Present Los Angeles, CA August 2016 - Present  Project: PeopleSoft Support for FSCM 9.2 and PeopleTools 8.54  Role: Sr. PeopleSoft System Administrator and Oracle DBA    Responsibilities:  • PeopleSoft FSCM 9.2 maintenance  • Administration, capacity planning and monitoring of PeopleSoft application  • PeopleSoft maintenance through PeopleSoft Update Manager (PUM)  • Server sizing and resource foot print monitoring  • Subject matter expert for  ? PUM maintenance  ? PeopleSoft change management - Object migration  ? PeopleSoft security  ? PeopleSoft  • Data Centre migration to cloud.  • PeopleSoft database refresh  • PeopleSoft database and application server cloning.  • PeopleSoft Architecture - reimplementation, modifications, additions  • Implementation, configuration of Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) for managing and maintaining PeopleSoft database.    Project: PeopleSoft PUM upgrade/update from image 11 to image 21  Role: Technical Lead - PeopleSoft update manager.  Responsibilities:  • PeopleSoft FSCM update from image 11 to image 21  • Designed and implemented strategy to update FSCM application along with Business analysts, application users and development team.  • Provisioning of environment for image build.  • Defined strategy/methodology for change package migration and retrofitting  • Go-live and cutover planning for FSCM image 21.  • Change control related to retrofitting.  • Troubleshooting performance issues.    Project: PeopleSoft Migration to Oracle Cloud  Role: Tech lead and PeopleSoft system architect  Responsibilities:  • Migration to Oracle Cloud  • Worked with Oracle Consultants and infrastructure team for Oracle Cloud resource allocation and lift and shift strategy.  • Provisioning of servers and resources and monitoring the overall lift process.  • Part of the strategy to implement Oracle Multitenant database with a database upgrade from 11g to 12c  • Infra and architecture level updates/upgrades were decided with my consultation like operating system upgrade, PeopleTools update to a higher patch etc.  • Working with user community and technical experts to define System testing, UAT and Performance testing scopes.  • I worked and planned Oracle cloud security  • Redeployment of third party integrations.  • Defining and modifying the maintenance schedule post go-live.  • DR strategy, configuration, testing, mock drill/switch over were planned and executed.    Project: Phire implementation for PeopleSoft Change control  Role: System administration and release engineer  Responsibilities:  • Phire implementation for PeopleSoft Change control  • Worked with BAs, developer and user community to define change management process.  • Point of contact with vendor team/organization.  • Requirement gathering and provisioning of IT hardware and software resources.  • Built PeopleSoft system environment to import Phire objects  • Defined change control workflow in Phire.  • Designed Phire security and roles  • Go-live and cutover planning.  • Training Phire users which included PeopleSoft developer, Oracle DBA, PeopelSOft DBA and Approvers(IT managers) PeopleSoft Upgrade Specialist and System Administration Wipro Ltd - Lexington, KY March 2016 to August 2016 Lexington, Kentucky Mar 2016 to Aug 2016  Project: PeopleSoft HCM Upgrade 9.1 to 9.2 and Peopletools upgrade from 8.53 to 8.55  Role: PeopleSoft Upgrade Specialist and System Administration    Responsibilities:  • PeopleSoft upgrade HCM 9.1 to 9.2 and Peopletools 8.53 to 8.55  • Installation and configuration of PeopleSoft Update Manager (PUM) and Upgrade source images using Oracle virtual box and also through DPKs (Native OS method)  • Design and implementation of 9.2 (PT 8.55) system  • Reviewing test strategy from SIT, UAT to load testing and performance testing. Reviewing the test cases  • Identified upgrade path, target pathc levels for Oracle database, tuxedo, WebLogic, Peopletools 8.55 and HCM 9.2  • Integration with third party applications.  • Planning and support  • Configuring PUM and upgrade source image from DPKs and change assistant. Wipro Ltd February 2011 to August 2016 PeopleSoft Upgrade specialist and Database Admnistrator Wipro Ltd - San Mateo, CA March 2014 to March 2016 San Mateo, CA, San Carlos, CA Mar 2014 to Mar 2016  Project: Re-implementation cum upgrade of PeopleSoft HCM/FSCM/EPM (8.4 to 9.1) and PeopleTools (8.48 to 8.53)  Role: PeopleSoft Upgrade specialist and Database Admnistrator    Responsibilities:  • Re-implementation of PeopleSoft Human Capital Management, Finance & Supply Chain and Enterprise Performance Management applications.  • Worked for the design and maintenance of the application in the build phase.  • Planned, coordinated and executed the entire implementations from the Initial Pass to mock passes and final move to production.  • Set up all PeopleSoft infrastructures for the Move to Production phase of the upgrade. Set up production servers ensuring application readiness for testing and production (go-live).  • Installed new FSCM, HRMS and EPM 9.1 instances on 8.53 tools for UAT, training, development, SIT, data conversion and production.  • Configuring the web, app and process scheduler domains and WebLogic profile for optimal performance.  • Performance tuning of oracle database 11g primarily for running PeopleSoft jobs. The turnaround time was reduced for Finance conversion jobs from 12 hours to 3 hours after the tuning.  • Configured addition third party and remote machines specific to client needs like check printer for printing crystal checks, Spear interface across IB, FTP/S for HR recruitment and Finance Billing interfaces and bank interfaces.  • Migration strategy for PeopleSoft and non-PeopleSoft objects. Ensuring best practices are followed, standard operating procedure and proactively monitoring the migrating objects to keep the environments in sync  • Application of PeopleTools patches, application updates, tax updates and backup of customizations before updates. Proactively coordinating with the team to identify customizations/code changes and then retrofit it after updates.  • Involved in data conversion process from PeopleSoft 8.4 legacy systems to 9.1.  • Database backup and application backups and maintenance. Monitoring the servers for space utilization by backups and implementing strategies to retain the backups on tapes.  • Disaster recovery strategy by creating a standby database server using Oracle data guard. PeopleSoft Administrator/DBA Wipro Ltd - IN January 2013 to March 2014 India Jan 2013 to Mar 2014  Project: PeopleSoft Financials 9.1 AMS support and PeopleTools 8.51  Role: PeopleSoft Administrator/DBA    Responsibilities:  • PeopleSoft Finance 9.1 AMS Program - Bug fix - Support -Enhancement - Upgrade - PeopleSoft Admin Support. Supporting production, UAT and lower environments.  • Design and Maintenance of Application architecture.  • Configuration and maintenance of PeopleSoft application, portal, tools, designer, report engines, search engines and process manuals.  • PeopleSoft Security administration  • Migration of objects across production and non-production environments  • Periodical testing of database backups in coordination with DBA team.  • Application of patches, fixes, tools patches and tax updates through change assistant.  • PeopleSoft Upgrade, updates and patching.  • Ensure proper documentation and knowledge sharing among the team to ensure continuity of business  • Migration of PeopleSoft Objects, trees, nVision, Crystal and SQRs and controlling.  • Applications of PeopleSoft Performance monitor to monitor the application and analyze the reports for performance.  • Data storage management, capacity planning and implementation.  • Periodic testing of fail over of server, database and application as a Disaster recovery mechanism. PeopleSoft Administrator Wipro Ltd February 2011 to December 2012 Responsibilities:  • Installing PeopleTools and Applications on all the AIX and Windows servers in the enterprise and their maintenance.  • Troubleshooting problems with Application Server, Web Server and Process Server of each instance.  • Configuration of Integration Broker between PeopleSoft HRMS & Finance application after refresh.  • Data management using data mover  • Applying Patches, Bundles, Updates (Tax Updates) to different instances using Change Assistant  • Configuring REN server, report node, master-slave process scheduler,  • Preparing activity schedule and coordinating with team members.  • Managing PeopleSoft migration.  • Co-ordinate with Oracle DBA team in performance tuning and database refresh activities. Education B.Tech in Computer Science and Technology Uttar Pradesh Technical University 2009 Skills Database, Epm, Oracle, Oracle 10g, Sql, Hrms, Peoplesoft, R2, Aix, Linux, Database management, Sme, Windows server 2008, Windows server 2008 r2
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1475.html#530:::Database Administrator;IT Analyst;Systems Engineer;Assistant System Engineer;Assistant System Engineer Trainee:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator - Qualcomm India Private Limited US Young, joyful, enthusiastic Engineer over 6 years of experience in the field of Oracle Applications Database Administration and Fusion Administration. Quick learner and an efficient executor of tasks. Looking for growth oriented career that gives me a platform to excel, learn domain knowledge and enhance my problem solving skills. Work Experience Database Administrator Qualcomm India Private Limited - Hyderabad, ANDHRA PRADESH, IN December 2016 to Present Hyderabad, India 1.5 years IT Analyst Tata Consultancy Services Ltd - Bangalore, KARNATAKA, IN January 2016 to November 2016 Bangalore, India 0.11 years Systems Engineer Tata Consultancy Services Ltd - Bangalore, KARNATAKA, IN December 2013 to December 2015 Bangalore, India 2.0 Years Assistant System Engineer Tata Consultancy Services Ltd - Bangalore, KARNATAKA, IN December 2012 to December 2013 Bangalore, India 1.0 Years Assistant System Engineer Trainee Tata Consultancy Services Ltd - Bangalore, KARNATAKA, IN December 2011 to December 2012 Bangalore, India 1.0 Years  Total Experience 6.4 Years    TECHNICAL EXPERTISE  • 6+ Years of professional IT experience as an Oracle Apps DBA and Fusion (OAM/OID/WebLogic/OEM/SOA/OTM/ADF) administration in Production, Test and Development environments.  • In depth understanding of Oracle RAC, Database and Middleware concepts.  • Installing, configuring and administration (patching, cloning, upgrading and supporting ) of 10g CRS, 11g Grid infrastructure along with databases 9i, 10g, 11g.  • Installing, configuring and administering Oracle Applications ERP R11, R12.1/R12.2 in a complex Multi-tier architecture.  • Experience in handling upgrade from R12.2.0 to R12.2.4 and 12.2.5.  • Experienced in installing, upgrading and supporting WebLogic, SOA and OTM applications.  • Expertise in providing high availability solutions to Oracle Database, Applications (R12), SOA-BPEL and OTM environments.  • Have a good exposure and working experience in No-SQL DB's Cassandra and Mongo.  • Keen in troubleshooting the issues by coordinating with different teams across platforms.  • Good experience in performance tuning.  • Good in maintaining the SLA's and following the process.  • Good communication skills and inter personal skills. Willingness to learn new Technologies and the ability to put them into practice.    SKILLS  Database: Oracle 9i/10g/11g  E-Business Suite: Oracle EBS 11.5.9 / R12.1.3 /12.2.0/12.2.4  WebLogic: 10.3.5, 10.3.6  SOA: 11.1.1.5/6/7 and 12c  OTM: 6.2.8  Platforms: Solaris, OEL5.4, RHEL 4,5 Windows XP/7  Languages: Python, Perl, Shell Scripting SQL, PL/SQL and JAVA.  Tools and Utilities: Kintana and HP PPM, Toad, RMAN, DGMGRL, SQL*PLUS, AD Utilities, Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) 12C, HP- Kintana Migration tool.    JOB PROFILE  Client / Organization Project Role    Qualcomm India PVT LTD EBS Admin Project (Implementation and Support) Database Administrator    Description: Working as an Individual contributor for Implementations and Support in a complex multi-tier architecture consisting of Oracle Applications R12 along with the Oracle Database (11g & 12c).  Duration: On Going Team Size: 15 (Onshore + Offshore)  Responsibility:  • Implementation and support of R12.1.3 and R12.2.4 Oracle applications.  • DMZ setup for 12.2.4 and 12.1.3 environments.  • Migration of EBS Environments from different versions of Solaris along RAC to Non-RAC conversion.  • Implemented the plan for EBS disaster recovery and did an active-active DR testing using Snapshot configuration.  • Written end to end cloning script for new DMZ setup in our environment & many operational scripts that include  ASM to Non-ASM conversion, RMAN duplicate, DB & App monitoring with clone validations and many day to day tasks.  • Installing, Cloning of Grid Infrastructure and Oracle Databases 11gR2.  • Creating standby databases by configuring with DG broker and testing the switchover and failover scenarios.  • Upgraded the databases from 10g to 11g and 11g to 12c.  • Performed Cloning and Patching of Oracle applications R11 and R12 - Regular PSU applications Half Yearly.  • Performed Migration of Databases and applications [R12] for different hardware.  • Worked on POC for Mongo DB implementations with High availability having replica sets.  • L3 incident support and doing root cause analysis to avoid issues in future.  • Participating in regular release activities for the production code merges and infrastructural changes.  • PSU analysis for all the systems ranging from Database to Oracle Applications.  • Worked on individual component upgrades like Java, web tier of Oracle E-Business Suite R12.2.4.  • Completed POC for the new database release i.e., 12.2 with all the required testing.  • Golden gate setup with Apache Kafka for one of the project.    CISCO SYSTEMS PVT LTD LSS Project (Implementation and L3 Support) Database Analyst    Description: Working as an Individual contributor for Implementations and L3 Support in a complex multi-tier architecture consisting of Oracle Applications R11, R12, SOA (11.1.1.5/6/7 and 12c) and OTM (6.2.8) along with the Oracle Database (10g, 11g).  Duration: 4 Years Team Size: 10 (Onshore + Offshore)  Responsibility:  • Implemented FULL DR (Disaster Recovery) solution of Oracle Applications, Middleware (SOA, OTM and other custom applications ) along with the database.  • Implemented 12.2 Base versions and upgraded to 12.2.4 and 12.2.5 version of EBS application.  • Upgraded WebLogic and SOA from 11.1.1.5 to 11.1.1.7 and to 12c.  • Installing, Cloning of Grid Infrastructure and Oracle Databases (10g, 11g and 12c).  • Installation of Middleware products such as OTM (6.2.8, 6.4.1), SOA (11g, 12c).  • Upgraded the OTM product from 6.2.8 to 6.4.1 (Latest Release till date as of 27/2/2016)  • Creating standby databases by configuring with DG broker and testing the switchover and failover scenarios.  • Upgraded the databases from 10g to 11g and 11g to 12c.  • Performed Cloning and Patching of Oracle applications R11 and R12.  • Performed Migration of Databases and applications [R12, SOA].  • Worked on POC for Mongo and Cassandra DB implementations with High availability.  • L3 incident support and doing root cause analysis to avoid issues in future.  • Automated many of the day to day activities by Shell scripts.    CISCO SYSTEMS OVT LTD Managed Support Database Analyst    Description: Managing 1000+ databases and several middleware instances include oracle applications R11, R12, SOA-BPEL, OTM, and Primavera from development to production for release cycles and helping application team to achieve smooth transition of code.  Duration: 1 Year Team Size: 15 (Onshore + Offshore)  Responsibility:  • Maintaining 1000+ databases with Oracle Applications and various middleware stacks which includes SOA-BPEL, OTM, Primavera and other Custom ADF's.  • Supporting Development teams and QA teams through the release cycles by providing the right process and helping them to achieve smooth code developments and deployments.  • Took responsibility in leading team in many of the releases.  • Training individuals in technical and process areas by Knowledge Sharing Sessions.  • Supported maintenance activities which include PSU patching, Database switchovers, etc.  • Supported backups for the databases and helped in automating the regular backups.  • Handling issues via incident management (reactive) and alert management (proactive) and fixing them by root causing the issue.  • Drilling down all the issues faced and proving inputs for automation on the regular issues as part of PPMP drive.  • Worked in the area of problem management for the long term fixes for the regular issues. Education B-Tech in Electrical and Electronics Engineering Kakatiya University 2011 Mathematics, Physics and Chemistry Narayana Junior College - Hyderabad, ANDHRA PRADESH, IN 2007 S.S.C. Bhashyam Public School - Hyderabad, ANDHRA PRADESH, IN 2005
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1476.html#531:::Scrum Master;Oracle DBA/SQL Server DBA;Oracle DBA/Scrum Master;Oracle Database Administrator;Database administration;Database;Oracle;Pl/sql;Sql;Aix;Linux;Linux/unix;Shell scripting;Solaris;Unix;Rman;Cms;Dreamweaver;Sharepoint;Scripting;Systems integration;Visio;Vmware;Microsoft project:::Scrum Master Scrum Master Scrum Master Washington, DC Work Experience Scrum Master NOAA - Silver Spring, MD November 2016 to Present * Worked with the development team to identify and remove impediments  * Implemented and adopted a monthly release schedule throughout the organization  * Met with product owners along with business stakeholders to identify product backlogs  * Migrated a team from waterfall practice to identify agile methodologies  * Identified and dispersed tickets based on responsible team members  * Facilitated daily standups and bi-weekly sprints  * Organized and prioritized tasks using Jira ticketing system Oracle DBA/SQL Server DBA NOAA - Silver Spring, MD November 2015 to Present * Coordinate with team members to ensure releases of different applications are deployed correctly through weblogic and that all change management processes are followed  * Implementation, execution and completion of project using Scrum Methods and ceremonies  * Installation and configuration of SQL server 2008R2/2012/2014 and latest service packs  * Create appropriate stored procedures, functions, tables, views, indexes, constraints, and triggers  * Monitor and manage database backups and restores using native backups and third party tools  * Performance tuning using the SQL Server Profiler/ Performance Monitor/DMVs  * Run AWR and ADDM Reports to show potential performance issues within Oracle database  * Implement High Availability and Disaster Recovery using clustering, mirroring, log shipping, Always ON Availability Groups  * Implement transactional replication for reporting Oracle DBA/Scrum Master Department of State January 2015 to November 2017 The CCD system is one of the largest data warehouse in the Washington, D.C. area that holds all of the current and archived data from all of the Consular Affairs post databases around the world. Managing 350 post databases at a size of 9TB each. It contains over 100 million visa cases and 75 million photographs, utilizing billions rows of data, and has a current growth rate of approximately 35 thousand visa cases every day. Provide CA a near real-time aggregate of the consular transaction activity collected domestically and at post databases worldwide. The CCD is the IT implementation that provides for a set of centralized visa and American citizen services supporting consular posts.    * Organize and facilitate daily scrums, releases and sprint planning  * Utilizes Jira and CLM for reviewing and preparing projects/releases  * Configured apache web services to production databases to allow millions of facial recognition images to be displayed and reviewed by passport agencies.  * Provide sufficient performance tuning with AWR, ADDM Reports.  * Provide Technical support of multiple development, test, and production environments in Linux/Unix, and Windows  * Perform successful installation/maintenance of Physical Standby database using Oracle Data Guard for Oracle 11G RAC databases.  * Rebuilt and reconfigured Linux Standby Databases  * Perform database backups and disaster recovery operations, diagnose, troubleshoot, and resolve database system problems, configure, monitor, and maintain database software  * Support activities include performance tuning exercises, backup and recovery, RAC installations and upgrades, patching, replication and disaster recovery, scripting, data loading, and data reporting.  * Support other DBAs on how to use and maintain custom scripts developed for the database housekeeping tasks (Backup and Recovery, Shutdown maintenance work etc.)  * Manage and maintain database performance, tuning, backup and recovery (RMAN Recovery Catalog, Export Data pump)  * Coordinate with team members to ensure releases are deployed correctly and that all change management processes are followed. Oracle Database Administrator Saiontz and Kirk - Baltimore, MD February 2012 to January 2015 As a member of the new build refresh project at Saiontz and Kirk, we built hundreds of databases for Dev, QA and Prod on UNIX / LINUX and Windows servers and replicated data from the legacy 10g databases to the new 11g databases. As part of the build project, we also developed data security and backup strategies and performed troubleshooting and database maintenance    * Responsible for the installation and patching of Oracle RDBMS on Linux and Windows servers while coordinating vendor on-site services  * Installation and configuration of SQL server 2008/2012/2014 and latest service packs  * Generate daily health reports on data appliances to senior management  * Responsible for providing Database Administration support for business critical applications in production and non-production environments.  * Maintain sound backup and recovery policies and procedures  * Participate in 24x7 on-call rotation for production databases  * Perform Oracle Database tuning, performance monitoring and Capacity Planning.  * Responsible for creating and maintaining users, assigning responsibilities and maintaining security profiles.  * Install and configure RMAN with and without Recovery Catalog on Oracle 10g and 11g.  * Conduct knowledge transfer sessions and provide SOPs on daily maintenance routines and also Provide support to Development and QA teams on applications and database issues    Aug-19 Key Achievements:  * Installation and configuration of Oracle 10g/11g servers and creation of databases in UNIX, Linux and windows environments.  * Planned and scheduled Backup/Recovery Strategy, took Logical Backups (with Export/Import Data pump utilities)  * Created primary objects (tables, views, indexes, synonyms, procedures, functions and triggers) to help application developers with the application design.  * Created & Managed Constraints, Database Access, Roles and Privileges.  * Performed database security and user administration via roles, profile, privilege, synonyms and auditing.  * Planned backup and recovery of database information. Maintained redo logs and archive them to tape.  * Monitored and troubleshoot bugs from alert log, audit logs and trace files using Toad  * Performed day to day activities: Such as, daily error checks and database health monitoring of physical resources (disk space, memory, CPU, etc.). Performance parameters adjusted as needed.  * Produced backup report to ensure the backups were all successful and troubleshoot if the backup was not successful to find out the root cause of failed backups.  * Performed data transfer using Export/Import and Datapump.  * Monitored database for performance and optimization using Toad.  * Tuned database and application performance using Stats pack, AWR, ADDM, Explain Plan and oracle Enterprise Manager (grid control).  * Maintained record of daily data communication transactions, problems and remedial action taken, and installation activities.  * Read trade magazines and technical manuals, and also attended conferences and seminars to maintain and update myself on technology innovations. Education B Arts University of Maryland - College Park, MD February 2019 Skills Database administration, Database, Oracle, Pl/sql, Sql, Aix, Linux, Linux/unix, Shell scripting, Solaris, Unix, Rman, Cms, Dreamweaver, Sharepoint, Scripting, Systems integration, Visio, Vmware, Microsoft project Additional Information Core Competencies  * Automation Tasks  * Linux/UNIX administration    * Systems Integration  * Oracle Performance Tuning    * Oracle 11g/10g/12c database administration on UNIX Systems (Solaris, AIX, Linux)  * Technical Documentation  * PL/SQL Programming    * Shell Scripting  * Capacity Planning  * Strategic Planning    * Technical Leadership  * Cloud Computing  * Agile/Scrum Metholodgies    Technical Skills    Tools, Utilities and Applications:  * SQL Loader  * Pervasive Map Designer  * Joomla CMS    * Quest Toad  * Oracle RMAN  * Microsoft Project    * Oracle SQL Developer * Adobe Fireworks, Dreamweaver  * SQL Data Modeler  * Oracle 13c/12c Cloud Control for patching automation  * AWS  * Sharepoint    * Microsoft Office, Visio  * Virtual Box, VMware, Xen, KVM, Linux Containers  * Exposed to OpenStack
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1477.html#532:::Technical Business Analyst;Technical Data Analyst;Technical Business Analyst;Junior SQL Server Database Administrator;Junior Developer;Scripting;SDLC:::Technical Business Analyst Technical Business Analyst Technical Business Analyst Livingston, NJ Work Experience Technical Business Analyst New York University - New York, NY February 2015 to December 2016 Managed the end to end implementation of the Student Services moduleI worked as a BA with the IT Team at NYU. At that time, they were in the process of customizing the various modules within ServiceNow to meet the customer requirements. ServiceNow.  Talk about being a laison BA between the various Vendor teams  Fruition Partners  Queueless  Student Services  NYU  Different Department  AP workflow  Client Services: Customer servive  Knowledgebase:  Change Management  Incident Management    Student Services Module: Worked as a BA  Tools used:  For requirements: Word  For process models: flowcharts using Visio  For testing: excel    • Involved in stakeholder analysis, identifying and coordinating with various Business groups.  • Responsible for in scheduling the Current State Assessments (CSA) sessions with Operational and Financial groups.  • Articulated business and functional requirements into detailed testing scenarios and further translated them into test cases. Coordinated test case walk through. Coordinated and managed testing effort between teams across various time zones.  • Drive application design and requirements gathering sessions.  • Worked closely with stakeholders to understand their Business Processes, including current state and the desired "to-be" state and documentation of requirements and conceptual design from which application and solutions are developed.  • Communicated with client's business requirements by constructing easy-to-understand data and process models.  • Work with client to document future state processes for Incident Management, Change Management, Knowledge Management, and Service Request Management.  • Provide guidance and input to stakeholders and leaders on ITIL best practices. Technical Data Analyst Deutsche Bank, New Jersey November 2014 to February 2015 • Analyzed and identified user accounts that were inactive, had elevated data access permissions and which violated data access standards.  • Worked with DBAs and Global Application owners to prepare a remediation plan.  • Created documents to capture audit violations and presented recommendations to eliminate the same.  • Conducted regular meetings with application owners to help closeout potential audits risks.  • Extensively used SharePoint for document management, Microsoft Excel and Access for analysis. Technical Business Analyst Credit Suisse - New York, NY March 2013 to April 2014 New York March 2013 - Apr 2014  Projects: Prime Services Environmental Review, Life Cycle Management, Quarterly Infrastructure Maintenance Project  Role: Technical Business Analyst    • Gathered, consolidated and modified raw technical data to create customer friendly dashboards.  • Developed metrics to determine inefficiencies and areas of improvement.  • Prepared Business Requirement Documents and successfully delivered necessary change in a manageable and non-intrusive way to help implement the HPAM software for inventory management.  • Participated in Functional and User Acceptance Testing.  • Involved in workshops / training / presentations.  • Developed automated tracking sheets to help clients meet their End of Life (EOL) target dates.  • Provided Project Managers with transparent tracking that in turn helped them to meet and exceed their EOL target dates by 15%.  • Co-ordinated database activities as the DBA Lead for the Quarterly Maintenance Activity designed to ensure stability.  • Migration Lead for applications such as Microsoft SharePoint and Exchange.  • Administered the Hosting Services SharePoint site showcasing information such as a product data sheet, BoW and roadmap, requirements management.  • Developed dashboards to perform capacity management of the Database Hosting platform.  • Co-ordinated activates between the storage, server and database teams during datacenter migrations. Junior SQL Server Database Administrator Credit Suisse - New York, NY February 2011 to April 2014 • Implemented SQL Logins, Roles and Authentication Modes as a part of Security Policies for various categories of users.  • Migrated SQL server 2000, 2005 to SQL Server 2008 in Microsoft Windows Server 2008 Enterprise Edition  • Provided greater visibility into risk profiles by generating senior management infrastructure change metrics, reports and dashboards using ITSM6 data.  • Migrated multiple mission critical applications such as Sharepoint, Good, Blackberry to the latest infrastructure. Worked with customers on Application rollouts and server migrations  • Recovered the databases from backup in disasters. Designed and implemented comprehensive Backup plan and disaster recovery strategies Implemented.  • Performed daily tasks including backup and restore by using SQL Server 2005 tools like SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Server Profiler, SQL Server Agent, and Database Engine Tuning Advisor.  • Worked on remediating audit point violations.  • Good experience with SQL Server Clustering and monitoring of database size and disk space in Production, Staging & Development environments  Project: Campus Recruiting Mobile Application  Role: Application Developer  • Worked with the 2011 TA class to develop and implement a recruiting mobile application for the iOS platform.  • Responsible for the development and testing of the two key modules.  • Coordinated data exchange with the Business Analysts. Stevens Institute of Technology January 2010 to December 2010 Project: Automated Accreditation Process  • Redesigned the student course evaluation forms for all the Computer Science courses  • Designed the University's first paper-less database driven programmatic accreditation system to digitally capture course performance.  • Developed and delivered Phase 1 of the online tracking system using the LAMP framework. Junior Developer JP Morgan Chase/Bear Stearns July 2006 to March 2008 Project: DerivClear  • Contributed in the development of a complex front-to-back-office web based derivative trade processing system used to support derivative operations.  • Contributed in developing screens to capture, display, process and validate Collateral Interest, Historical Collateral Data using the J2EE architecture. This involved creating JSP pages, using enterprise beans along with Calypso APIs to develop the business logic and SQL server to store the data. Education MS in Computer Science Stevens Institute of Technology - Hoboken, NJ December 2010 B.Tech in Computer Science in Computer Science Institute of Technology for Women - Mumbai, Maharashtra May 2006 Skills Scripting, SDLC
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1478.html#533:::SQL Server DBA;MS SQL SERVER DBA;Database Administrator;DBA;Sql Server;MYSQL;Sql Dba;Sql Database:::SQL Server DBA SQL Server DBA SQL Server DBA - WellPoint, INC Silver Spring, MD Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience SQL Server DBA WellPoint, INC April 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Installation of MS SQL Server enterprise on Clustered Production, Test and Development boxes.  • Regularly monitor the performance of UAT and PROD server (CPU, Memory, I/O) using SQL  Profiler, Performance monitor, Dynamic Management Views, Wait Stats and Events.  • Installation of Service Packs and patches on SQL server 2012/2014 boxes.  • Create login ID, passwords and roles in production and non-production environment.  • Set up transactional and snapshot replication among SQL Server 2000/2005/2008 boxes.  • Monitor the status of transactional replication status using Replication Monitor  E-Mail: samson.zeu@gmail.com  Phone: (443) 628 7036  Maryland, USA  • Auditing stored procedures for optimization and improving performance.  • Backing up system and user databases and restoring them when necessary.  • Schedule the jobs for the Database Maintenance.  • Create databases in DEV, SYS, UAT, and Production environment.  • Re-align the database structure for performance and space management.  • Run DBCC commands to check the database consistency and shrink the databases.  • Extensively used DMV, SQL profiler and performance Monitor, and Performance Dash board.  • Maintain index rebuild and re-organize indexes periodically.  • Transfer data among SQL boxes using SSIS, BCP, and Back up restore  • Monitor message from Nagios on SQL Server Load, and Space.  • Created Alerts and Notifications for system errors, insufficient resources, fatal database errors,  hardware errors, security breach-technical guidance, task assignment and tracking.  • Provide 24/7 technical support and monitoring. MS SQL SERVER DBA Awash Bank S.co June 2015 to March 2018 Responsibilities  • Installation of MS SQL enterprise servers on production, test and development boxes.  • Drop and add users, logins, aliases, and groups to the databases and granting/revoking  permissions on Database objects.  • Written stored procedures, Triggers, Views, Functions.  • Extensively used SQL Server Management Studio, SQL profiler, SSIS, and SQL mail services.  • Performance tuning by dropping and rebuilding index.  • Auditing stored procedures for optimization and improving performance.  • Data Transfers between various systems using BCP and SSIS.  • Performance tuning on the Production, QA and development Servers.  • Database and log backups and restoration, backup strategies, scheduling backups. Backing up  master and system databases and restoring them when necessary  • Regularly maintained database for database consistency check using DBCC  • Schedule the jobs for the Database Maintenance.  • Create a customized report using SQL Server Reporting Services.  • Created Alerts and Notifications for system errors, insufficient resources, fatal database errors,  hardware errors, security breach, etc.    Environment: MS SQL Server Enterprise 2005, Windows Server 2003, SSRS, SSIS, MS SQL Management  Studio, MS Business Intelligence Development. Database Administrator East Gate Trading PLC October 2013 to May 2015 AA, ETHIOPIA    • Establish the needs of users and monitoring user access and security  • Monitor performance and manage parameters in order to provide fast responses to front-end users  • Map out the conceptual design for a planned database  • Consider both back-end organization of data and front-end accessibility for end-users  • Refine the logical design so that it can be translated into a specific data model  • Further refining the physical design to meet system storage requirements  • Install and test new versions of the database management system (DBMS)  E-Mail: samson.zeu@gmail.com  Phone: (443) 628 7036  Maryland, USA  • Maintain data standards, including adherence to the Data Protection Act  • Write database documentation, including data standards, procedures and definitions for the data  dictionary (metadata)  • Control access permissions and privileges  • Develop, manage and test back-up and recovery plans  • Ensure that storage and archiving procedures are functioning correctly  • Carry out capacity planning  • Work closely with IT project managers, database programmers and multimedia programmers  • Communicate regularly with technical, applications and operational staff to ensure database  integrity and security  • Commission and install new applications and customize existing applications in order to make them  fit for purpose  • Manage the security and disaster recovery aspects of a database.  • Installation and configuration of MS SQL Server and Clients.  • Create New Databases and maintenance of existing User Databases and System Databases.  • Performing Backup and recovery and Automation of Backup.  • Defining and Implementing the Processes required for proper data conversion from the existing  system the New System.  • Interacting with Business Analysts and Developers in identifying the requirements and designing and implementing the Database Schema.  • Responsible for Designing and implementing the backup strategy required as per the requirement.  • Running DBCC consistency checks, fixing data corruption on applications Databases.  • Performance and Fine Tuning of Stored Procedures and SQL Queries and User Defined Functions  • Implementation of Trigger to maintain data integrity.  • Performing Data Transfer/Migration using Export/Import and SSIS.  • Creating user logins and adding users to respective databases.  • Using Performance Monitor for monitoring memory, processor, Disk I/O and user connections and fine-tuning.  • Managing security tasks like granting and revoking permissions.    Environment: MS-SQL Server 2012, Windows 2012R2, Solaris 2.8, VERITAS Net Backup, Crystal  Report, MS-Project Education None in Immersive Data Analytics Data Analytics @ Montgomery College - Gaithersburg, MD April 2019 to June 2019 Bachelor's in Accounting Alemaya university - Ethiopia Skills DBA, Sql Server, MYSQL, Sql Dba, Sql Database
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1479.html#534:::IT SECURITY ANALYST;IT SECURITY ANALYST;ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR;HELP DESK ANALYST/ OFFICE ASSISTANT;Nessus;Security;Oracle;Oracle 10g;Vmware:::IT SECURITY ANALYST IT SECURITY ANALYST IT SECURITY ANALYST - FEMDEL LLC Upper Marlboro, MD Work Experience IT SECURITY ANALYST FEMDEL LLC June 2016 to Present • Monitoring and auditing the agency's compliance with Federal Information System Modernization Act (FISMA) compliance areas as defined by the agency. Including configuration management, contingency planning, incident response planning, system security plans, core security control assessments and privileged user security training.  • General knowledge of internal control concepts, principles, risk analysis, FISMA, FEDRAMP, PCI/DSS compliance, HITRUST, HIPAA, privacy process improvement and techniques, including frameworks such as NIST, ISO2700, COSO and COBIT.  • Coordinated with team members to determine security categorizations using FIPS 199 as a guide.  • Working with Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&Ms) trackers to remediate findings and vulnerabilities.  • Worked with security team and ISSO to assess security controls and assess the weaknesses to produce RTM, all findings included in SAR report.  • Experienced in developing and updating SSP (System Security Plans), Contingency Plan, Disaster Recovery Plan, Incident Response Plans, and Configuration Management Plan.  • Conduct IT controls risk assessments that include reviewing organizational policies, standards, procedures and guidelines.  • Conduct meetings with various system team members to gather evidence, develop test plans, testing procedures and documenting test results and exceptions.  • Perform risk assessments and It audits to ensure compliance with policy and security.  • Designate systems and categorize its C.I.A using FIPS 199 and NIST SP 800-60Rev.  • Apply appropriate information security control for Federal Information System as specified by NIST 800-37, SP 800-53 rev4, FIPS 199, FIPS 200 and OMB Circular 130 Appendix III. IT SECURITY ANALYST ANCHORAGE CONSULTING LLC August 2013 to January 2016 • Developed and updated security authorization packages in accordance with agency's requirement that is compliant with FISMA.  • Prepare system packages, ensuring that management, operational, and technical controls are implemented adequately as specified in NIST SP 800-53 Rev4.  • Updated It security policies, procedures, standards and guidelines according to department and agency's requirements.  • Responsible for the System Security Plan (SSP), Risk Assessment Report, Security Assessment Plan (SAP), Contingency Plan, Incident Response Plan, and Standard Operating Procedures (SOP)  • Provide support to internal and external audit teams as required (helped in the gathering and presentation of evidence to validate controls effectiveness and efficiency).  • Led information security awareness and training programs in order to inform the employees of their roles in maintaining a matured security posture.  • Maintained security metrics in order to help senior management to make decisions.  • Involved in third party contract evaluation in order to award contracts to the most cost-effective bidder.  • Configuration of management plan to develop and maintain the Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&Ms) and supported remediation activities with team members.  • Made sure to validate the protective measures for physical security that are in place to support the systems security requirements.  • Maintained an inventory of hardware and software for the information system. Developed, coordinated, and tested with team members on contingency plans and incident response plans.  • Performed risk analysis to determine cost-effective and essential safeguards.  • Performed Security Control Assessments using NIST 800-53A guidance.  • Conducted independent scans of the application, network and database with team members when required.  • Provided continuous monitoring to enforce client security policy and procedures and created processes that will provide oversight into the following activities for the system owner.  • Developed Privacy threshold Analysis (PTA), and Privacy Impact Analysis (PIA) by working closely with other Information System Security Officers, System Owners, Information Owners, and the Privacy Act Officer.  • Developed an e-authentication report to provide technical guidance in the implementation of electronic authentication. ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR CHAVERAN INC May 2011 to May 2013 • Worked as part of a DBA team managing Oracle 10g and 11g databases for Chaveran Inc.  • Primarily worked as an Oracle DBA installing, configuring and upgrading Oracle software and related products on Windows using OFA standards.  • Setup RMAN to backup production, development, and test databases.  • Used Windows Scheduler to schedule tasks  • Created databases, tablespace tables, indexes and other table objects.  • Established the compatibility with third party software products by developing programs for modification and integration.  • Setup and managed database security by creating new users, roles, profiles and provided required privileges.  • Managed database development, test, training, and production environments.  • Configured database auditing as directed by the Senior DBA to enforce business rules.  • Performed database upgrade from 10g to 11gr1.  • Created and maintained procedural documentation/standards.  • Worked hand in hand with Network and System Administration teams to diagnose, test and deploy application issues.  • Refreshed databases with data from production database using data pump utilities.  • Assisted Senior DBA's in developing capacity and performance metrics. HELP DESK ANALYST/ OFFICE ASSISTANT STATE FARM INSURANCE September 2009 to April 2010 • Generated report of issues and resolutions monthly for management review.  • Installed programs for new users and also maximized office efficiency through use of computer programs, including Microsoft Office Suite.  • Interacted effectively and positively with all office and customers.  • Managed firewall, network monitoring and server monitoring both on and offsite.  • Responded to all inquiries and requests in a timely manner.  • Answered and screened phone calls, recording messages for quick reply's as needed. Education BACHELOR OF SCIENCE in INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS AND STRATEGIC STUDIES UNIVERSITY OF LAGOS - Bowie, MD BACHELORS in CYBERSECURITY UNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND UNIVERSITY COLLEGE - Adelphi, MD Skills Nessus, Security, Oracle, Oracle 10g, Vmware Additional Information SKILLS  • MS Office Suite (PowerPoint, Word, Excel, Access)  • Oracle 10g, 11g  • VMware  • Virtual Bos  • Windows OS  • Ubuntu Linux OS    • Security Control Testing  • System Monitoring  • Secure Shell Hosting (SSH)  • Nessus
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\148.html#535:::Database Developer;Operations Database Administrator;Database Administrator;Customer Service Manager:::Database Developer <span class="hl">Database</span> Developer Database Developer - VariQ Corporation Elizabeth City, NC Work Experience Database Developer VariQ Corporation - Elizabeth City, NC May 2018 to Present Operations Database Administrator Cerner Corporation - Kansas City, KS May 2016 to May 2018 ? Responsible for designing; planning; developing and; implementing databases; including back end rules and procedures; data scripts; security; access; and documentation  ? Participates in the design; coding; enhancement and of relational databases in a client/server environment  ? Analyzes and determines information needs and elements; data relationships and attributes; data flow and storage requirements; and data output and reporting capabilities  ? Participates in continuous improvement efforts in enhancing performance and providing increased functionality  ? Creates test plans along with data models and completes pre-production testing with user for modified rules, procedures and front end applications  ? Apply knowledge and experience with database technologies; development methodologies; backend programming languages (e.g.; SQL)  ? Use Agile/SCRUM, SDLC, EA, etc. methodologies to work through the development cycle  ? Maintaining and updating the Asset Logistics Management Information System that integrates the forecasting capability of the Aviation Computerized Maintenance Systems (ACMS) with the inventory management/fiscal accounting functionality of the Aviation Maintenance Management System (AMMIS) to improve inventory purchase/repair decisions and provide total asset visibility  ? Design, develop, test, integrate, and support ALMIS  ? Complete requests concerning ALMIS performance, architecture, reliability, stability, scalability, security from a development standpoint  ? Examine and evaluate alternative means of satisfying database requirements defined  ? Releases every 5-6 weeks with improvements and enhancements to the current ALMIS application  ? Work via ticketing system to complete all requests and updates required for releases and have all items checked in and tested at the designated times  Operations Database Administrator, Cerner Corporation  Kansas City, KS  May 2016 to May 2018  ? Report overall health status and performance of a database  ? Maintain compliance for Oracle parameter company standards  ? Monitor and maintain Oracle 11g RAC and single instances on Linux  ? DB Storage Provisioning  ? Restore archivelogs as needed  ? Perform sizing and capacity evaluations  ? Manage the stability and uptime of client databases in relation to service-level agreements in place  ? Troubleshoot and research issues related to database performance, query performance, space management, and other technical issues  ? Ensure database configurations, processes, and jobs comply with published standards and policies  ? Create and modify database tables, indexes, and other database objects.  ? Perform backups  ? Document database modifications according to Cerner's change control process.  ? Manage database permissions  ? Confer with appropriate managers regarding problems with and capabilities of database systems  ? Assess and manage Service Level Agreements  ? Develop and apply performance management practices  ? Provide advanced object optimization  ? Maintain highly available database  ? Create test data and test scripts to adequately test programmed functionality  ? Assist/develop first draft documentation for database functionality  ? Proactively detect and resolve database performance issues  ? Coach and mentor new associates  ? Perform intermediate-level database tuning, performance monitoring, and capacity management  ? Triage and troubleshoot database alerts and issues, identify root cause, and implement corrective action  ? Perform intermediate-level query tuning, and triage and fix performance tuning software issues  ? Set up and maintain database backups  ? Communicate with 3rd party software or hardware manufactures as needed to ensure optimal configuration and support  ? Develop standardized work plans, documentation, processes and automation Database Administrator Insignia Technology Services, LLC - North Charleston, SC July 2015 to March 2016 ? Monitor and Maintain Oracle 11g RAC Database on Linux  ? Monitor space usage and performance trends  ? Maintain all disaster recovery procedures, using RMAN and SAN system utilities  ? Startup and shutdown Oracle databases and services  ? Diagnose and troubleshoot errors  ? Perform sizing and capacity evaluations  ? Maintain all shell scripts used to support the Oracle database instances  ? Responsible for evaluating, testing, and applying all Oracle patches on the database and the Grid Control (Oracle Enterprise Manager) environment  ? Assist with implementation of database security infrastructure and create, manage, and maintain user access accounts  ? Maintain Oracle's Cloud Control (Oracle Enterprise Manager 12c) to manage the Databases  ? Assist with the process of planning, installing, and testing software upgrades and patches  ? Support database backups, tuning, user maintenance, and system maintenance  ? Create and modify SQL scripts, database triggers, and embedded programs for database objects  ? Implemented Transparent Data Encryption (TDE) into the lower environments  ? Match non-production schema names and tablespace names to those in production using online table redefinition and Data Pump Customer Service Manager Roses Discount Store - Florence, SC March 2014 to February 2015 Assist customer service representatives with duties such as refunds and exchanges  ? Assist store managers by creating break schedules, reducing associate lines, balancing associate registers, and cleaning up at closing  ? Assist customers with any issues, complaints, or compliments by documenting all incidents and reporting them as necessary Education B.S. in Computer Science Francis Marion University - Florence, SC May 2015
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1480.html#536:::Portfolio Accountant;Client/Service Charge Accountant;Accounts/ Database Administrator;Property Management Bookkeeper;Client Accountant;Reconciliations;Accounting;Month end close;General ledger;Journal:::Portfolio Accountant Portfolio Accountant Portfolio Accountant Queens Village, NY Work Experience Portfolio Accountant Rendall & Rittner Ltd - London November 2016 to May 2019 U.K. (Property Management Company)  Reporting to the Team Leader and Property Managers, I oversaw the accounts for five of eight schemes totaling £8m annual budget, within the flagship portfolio, an eighty eight acre, 5000 units residential led mixed use development with on-site amenities. My duties and responsibilities were to:  • Prepare quarterly Actual versus Budget reports  • Formulate commentary on variances  • Close month end and generate monthly fund balances reports  • Prepare monthly aged creditor reports  • Review monthly aged debtor reports  • Produce monthly Profit and Loss Accounts  • Provide Value Added Tax (VAT) reports  • Review and correct cost allocations on general ledger  • Post journals for accruals and prepayments and other adjustments  • Settle outstanding inter-notional balances  • Reconcile intercompany rent, service charges and loans  • Prepare allocation and reconcile shared payroll and estate staffing costs of circa £2.6m  • Investigate and resolve accounting queries raised by Clients, Managers and Directors  • Assist in the budget process, provide template with comparative data  • Upload budget to system Client/Service Charge Accountant HML Shaw - Richmond May 2014 to November 2016 U.K. (Property Management Company)  Reporting to the Associate Director, I oversaw the reconciliation of approximately 112 residential service charge and reserve accounts, and liaised between Clients and Accountants to administer the filing of the associated statutory accounts and trust tax returns within their legislative timeframes. My duties and responsibilities were to:  • Undertake administration of filing statutory reports  • Assess trust tax returns and pay taxes  • Review year end reports and update year-end adjustments to in-house ERP system  • Investigate and reconcile financial discrepancies  • Coordinate the year end process, including the preparation of accounts packs  • Post journals for accruals, prepayments and deferred revenue  • Income and Expenditure analysis  • Balance Sheet reconciliation  • Upload budgets and raise monthly and quarterly applications for payments (demands)  • Calculate and post balancing charges/credits on finalization of year end accounts  • Rent reconciliation and landlord reports  • Prepare aged debtor reports  • Process administration fees and interest charges  • Compliance with lease and legislature  • Attend client meetings and liaise with Directors  • Provide commentary on variances Accounts/ Database Administrator Berkshire Group - London November 2013 to April 2014 U.K. (Property Lettings and Management Firm)  Reporting to the CEO, Manager and Financial Controller my duties were to:  • Verify the data on the new database, prior to the systems migration from CFP to Gemini  • Manage the purchase ledger function (300 invoices per month)  • Generate and issue monthly landlord statements  • Remit net rental income to landlords  • Handle contractor queries in redevelopment projects  • Analyze income and expenditure per cost center  • File annual returns Property Management Bookkeeper Paul Samuel Associates - London October 2010 to August 2012 U.K. (Property Management Firm)  Reporting to the Property Management Surveyors with a portfolio of 35-40 residential, commercial and mixed properties, I had responsibility for the bookkeeping and payroll functions. I set up MS Excel recorded ledgers onto Sage Line 50, and processed the payroll on TAS/Sage Payroll. My duties were to:  • Process payroll and PAYE tax forms  • Manage cash activity and bank checks  • Monthly bank reconciliations  • Update accounts receivable ledgers  • Update accounts payable ledgers  • Analyze income and expenditure  • Prepare extended trial balance with accruals, prepayments and adjustments  • Reconcile intercompany loans, recharges and client accounts  • Address inaccuracies or variances with external Accountants/Auditors Client Accountant CBRE - Glasgow April 2008 to December 2009 U.K. (Commercial Property Services and Investment Company)  Reported to the Client Accounting Manager (the Property and Asset Management Division, Investors Team), and worked within a team of 14 members, to deliver accounting services to 23 investment clients including pension funds. Also reported to the Head of Internal Control during systems migration from TBS Tramps to Yardi Voyager, to investigate and reconcile differences in property funds. My responsibilities were to:  • Process multiple bank reconciliations  • Reconcile annual service charge accounts  • Reconcile insurance and non-recoverable charges  • Raise service charges and credits  • Raise insurance recharges  • Calculate rental income  • Prepare and post equalization journals  • Prepare year end reports with variance analysis for audit  • Liaise with Surveyors and external Auditors to finalize annual service charge reports  • Investigate differences and reconcile client funds following systems migration Education Masters of Business Administration in Business Administration Anglia Ruskin University Masters of Science in Financial Services Glasgow Caledonian University Bachelor of Science (Honors) in Accounting & Management Studies University of the West Indies Skills Reconciliations, Accounting, Month end close, General ledger, Journal
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1481.html#537:::Executive Assistant & Database/Market Administrator;Executive Coordinator of Human Resources;Administrative Specialist;Material Handler - Captain:::Executive Assistant & Database/Market Administrator Executive Assistant &amp; <span class="hl">Database</span>/Market <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Executive Assistant & Database/Market Administrator - Alliance Residential Company Phoenix, AZ Work Experience Executive Assistant & Database/Market Administrator Alliance Residential Company - Phoenix, AZ November 2017 to Present • Manage calendar, book travel, perform administrative duties for the Director of Acquisitions.  • Prepare expense reports and reconcile statements regularly.  • Assist Investments-Acquisitions team with due diligence during transitions and closings.  • Maintain our Pipeline while creating market surveys, and analyzing sales & rent comps.  • Communicate as Transaction Coordinator during all Acquisitions & Dispositions. Executive Coordinator of Human Resources Alliance Residential Company - Phoenix, AZ April 2017 to November 2017 • Schedule meetings, book travel, and complete expense reports for VP and HR directors.  • Screen HR Documentation Inbox, distribute incoming mail, process department invoices.  • Maintain all active and terminated employee files. Administrative Specialist Phoenix, AZ November 2016 to April 2017 Notarize affidavits, fingerprint onboarding employees, verify Arizona Motor Vehicle reports,  run background checks and verify public records.  • Conduct single and group interviews to hire for open care-giving positions. Material Handler - Captain FedEx Express Sky Harbor Ramp - Phoenix, AZ September 2010 to May 2015 • Complete extensive paperwork and delegate team tasks, to ensure on-time aircraft departures.  • Operate heavy equipment with a sense of urgency, while following all airport policies. Education Bachelors of Business Administration in Business Administration Northern Arizona University December 2017 to September 2019 BA in Business Administration in Fine Arts Glendale Community College March 2014 Additional Information • Proven computer software skills in Microsoft Office - Word, Excel, Outlook, & PowerPoint.  • Experience in Adobe Acrobat & InDesign.  • Proficient in 10-key, typing speed of 65wpm.  • Arizona-Maricopa Public Notary
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1482.html#538:::NttData-customer service rep;customer service agent;loan agent;Technical Support;Database Administrator;Insurance Agent;Customer Care;CSR;Customer Service;Call Center;Customer Support;Payroll (6 years);Human Resources (7 years);Office Administration (7 years);Inventory Control (7 years):::NttData-customer service rep NttData-customer service rep NttData-customer service rep - Dell Del City, OK Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience NttData-customer service rep Dell 2017 to Present inbound calls from Massachusetts customers with questions regarding their health insurance, wellness programs, prescription plans, Medicaid and the Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP) are combined into one program called MassHealth. MassHealth members may be able to get doctors' visits, prescription drugs, hospital stays, and many other important services.  • Consulting with customers to review health related products and services. Discussing customer needs and assisting with the best solutions for their individual situations  • Opening and maintaining customer accounts and information  • Creating customer solutions with compassion by listening and selecting the best and fastest solution to customer inquiries  • Resolving customer technical issues with patience and understanding  • Identifying any additional needs the customer may have and helping them to upgrade products or services customer service agent Hertz 2017 to 2017 2017  • Provide excellent customer service by efficiently handling the incoming calls from customers with inquiries about their billing and rental transactions. This includes answering questions, making adjustments, researching discrepancies, and achieving overall customer satisfaction.  • Contribute to departmental and center effectiveness and productivity by maintaining acceptable attendance, maintaining a minimum of call handling time standard, and remaining logged into the Billing phone queue which will ensure proper and timely handling of customer complaints.  • Uphold company policies and standards by being knowledgeable in utilizing various resources in order to research time discrepancies, rates, mileage etc. This enables the representative in resolving customer disputes at the time of the call, thus mimimizing cost in further correspondence. The resources include GAR, ASAP, Carrent, Carisma, PC Excalibur, Mobius, Sales Systems, Frequent Traveler, Frost, Intranet, and Global Marketing.  • Protect company assets and financial interests by thoroughly documenting any system that was altered in anyway for each call. In doing so, the next representative will know what action was taken and if anything further needs to be done if customer calls back.  • Contributes to Hertz Improvement Process (HIP) to discover new and more efficient ways to run our business and deliver the right products and services to our customers faster and at a lower cost. Drives change from within to improve customer satisfaction and uses teamwork to tackle problems. loan agent Midland Mortgage - Oklahoma City, OK 2014 to 2016 Duties include customers service explaining, evaluating, authorizing or recommending approval of commercial, real estate, or credit loans. Advise borrowers on financial status and methods of payments. Includes mortgage loan officers and agents, collection analysts, loan servicing officers, and loan underwriters.  • Pull reports from Nautilus and convert to Excel.  • Audit ARM loans to verify that ARM parameters match the notes.  • Set-up ARM screens to match modification terms.  • Pull daily index values and update Fiserv. Technical Support Apple February 2012 to March 2014 Tasks can include troubleshooting, listening, installing and configuring computer systems, diagnosing hardware/software faults and solving technical problems and/or any issues or changes required, such as forgotten passwords, viruses or email issues in a call center sitting Database Administrator Farmer Insurance Prepares source data for computer entry by compiling and sorting information; was establishing entry priorities. Verifies entered customer and account data by reviewing, correcting, deleting, or reentering data; combining data from both systems when account information is incomplete; purging files to eliminate duplication of data.  Tests customer and account system changes and upgrades by inputting new data; reviewing output.  Secures information by completing data base backups.  Maintains customer confidence and protects operations by keeping information confidential. Insurance Agent AAA Insurance Deliver and explain policy to policyholders. Analyze insurance program and suggest additions or changes including changes to beneficiaries. Claims, defaults, payments and polity's changes  Approaches potential clients by utilizing mailings and phone solicitation; making presentations to groups at company-sponsored gatherings; speaking publicly to community groups on the subject of financial well-being.  Determines clients' particular needs and financial situations by scheduling fact-finding appointments; determining extent of present coverage and investments; ascertaining long-term goals.  Providing information protection plan by calculating and quoting rates for immediate coverage action and long-term strategy implementation.  Provides continuing service by providing direct deposit forms; processing changes in beneficiary and policy loan applications. Education Some college Skills Customer Care, CSR, Customer Service, Call Center, Customer Support, Payroll (6 years), Human Resources (7 years), Office Administration (7 years), Inventory Control (7 years) Certifications/Licenses Human Resources Management 2012 to Present
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1483.html#539:::AWS Engineer;Oracle Database Administrator / AWS solution architecture;Oracle Database Administrator:::AWS Engineer AWS Engineer AWS Engineer - Allianz Life Insurance, MN Work Experience AWS Engineer Allianz Life Insurance, MN May 2018 to Present Roles and Responsibilities:    • Worked extensively with AWS services like EC2, S3, VPC, ELB, AutoScalingGroups, Route 53, IAM, CloudTrail, CloudWatch, CloudFormation, CloudFront, SNS, and RDS.  • Set up and built AWS infrastructure with various services available by writing cloud formation templates in json.  • With the help of IAM created roles, users and groups and attached policies to provide minimum access to the resources.  • Created topics in SNS to send notifications to subscribers as per the requirement.  • Worked on the databases of the Amazon RDS and carried out functionalities for creating instances as per the requirements.  • Implemented Amazon RDS multi-AZ for automatic failover and high availability at the database tier.  • Created CloudFront distributions to serve content from edge locations to users so as to minimize the load on the frontend servers.  • Configured AWS CLI and performed necessary actions on the AWS services using shell scripting.  • Implemented CloudTrail in order to capture the events related to API calls made to AWS infrastructure.  • Defined all server types in Ansible, so that a newly built server could be up and ready for production within 30 minutes OS installation.  • Involved in scrum meetings, product backlog and other scrum activities and artifacts in collaboration with the team.    Oracle Database Administraton / AWS SOLUTION ARCHITECTURE Prime Therapeutics - Edina, MN March 2017 to April 2018 Edina, MN  MARCH 2017 TO APRIL 2018    • Worked extensively with AWS services like EC2, S3, VPC, ELB, AutoScalingGroups, Route 53, IAM, CloudTrail, CloudWatch, CloudFormation, CloudFront, SNS, and RDS  .Administered and supported development of Oracle 11g databases by installing, upgrading and configuring the Oracle server, creating databases, objects, database backup and recovery, monitoring and optimizing database performance.  • Cloned production databases as needed for testing, development using RMAN and Grid  Control.  • Implemented backup procedures using RMAN and Data pump utility for Oracle  databases and test regularly in conjunction with Operations.  • Maintained 24*7 Availability by implementing standard processes and troubleshooting  live issues within defined tight SLA times.  • Assisted in SQL tuning and providing consultation such as creating Materialized views, table partitions, adding indexes, dropping unnecessary indexes, using hints wherever  possible, amongst others.  • Performed patch jobs using crontab utility.  • Managed database security by creating and assigning appropriate roles and privileges to users depending on the user activity, auditing and other security related task including  transparent data encryption.  • Troubleshoot Database Performance issues using OEM, AWR, ADDM and ASH.  • Oracle High Availability involving Oracle RAC  • Applied Oracle quarterly patches of the current PSU version to non-RAC and RAC  configured databases.  • Performed data and metadata transfer from legacy servers to newly installed servers using  Data Pump.  • Implemented Oracle Database advanced security practices such as TDE and Data  Masking Oracle Database Administrator / AWS solution architecture Verizon - New York, NY June 2015 to May 2017 • Worked with customer for different RAC related issue like split brain and hugepages setup. Troubleshoot performance issues for the RAC instances.  • Ensuring load balancing in RAC by creating services for different purposes based on the application requirement and also defined TAF policy for RAC instances.  • Performed Replication using materialized views with a complete refresh/Fast refresh.  • Development of policy and procedures as they relate to database maintenance, security and archiving.  • Monitoring and maintaining 2/3 node RAC database on Red Hat Linux. Providing support to the development team and handling release schedules.  • Maintaining sound backup and recovery policies and procedures using RMAN. Monitoring the scheduled backup procedures for daily basis using crontab.  • Database refreshes using export /import and datapump. Used RDA, ADDM and AWR reports to monitor the database performance.  • Creating, granting and monitoring user access rights and privileges through roles and profiles.  • Providing instance level performance monitoring and tuning for Event Waits, Sessions, Physical and Logical IO and Memory Usage with the help of AWR and ADDM Reports.  • Automatic Shared Memory Management (ASMM) for Performance diagnosis/tuning and Automatic Segment Space Management (ASSM)  • Supported development effort by providing SQL statement tuning and optimizing ETL procedures and removing load and query performance bottlenecks by using tools Explain Plan, SQL Trace, TKPROF, TOAD and Oracle Enterprise Manager.  • Applying upgrade patch, maintenance and interim (opatch) patches on all the databases.  • Refreshing Dev and Test instances with data from Production on a regular basis.  • Developed PL/SQL packages, DML, DDL, Oracle tables, Stored Procedures, functions, cursors, triggers and UNIX shell scripts.  • Generated and automated Statspack/AWR reports from Oracle database and analyzed the reports for Oracle wait events, time consuming SQL queries, table space growth, and database growth.  • Involved in SQL Query tuning and provided tuning recommendations to ERP jobs, time/CPU consuming queries.  • Used Explain Plan, Oracle hints and creation of new indexes, identifying the join methods (Nested/Hash/Merge join/Sort merge join) between the row sources for tables, to improve the performance of SQL statements.  • Addressed developers/testers requests to clone production databases for the purposes of testing using RMAN.  • Applied PSU Patches (10.2.0.3, 10.2.0.4) as a part of maintenance activity.  • Extensively used Datapump, conventional export/import utilities for loading data to & from databases, logical backups and migration of databases.  • Monitoring and optimizing the performance of the database/application using OEM along with homespun scripts.  • Capacity planning: Allocate system storage and plan future storage requirements.  • Worked on SQL tuning using SQL Tuning Advisor, SQL Access Advisor, SQL Profiler and SQL Optimizer, Foglight.  • Monitoring rollback segment and temporary table space use.  • Performing housekeeping tasks like checking log and trace files.  • Performing database refreshes, migration and performance tuning of PeopleSoft application environments.  • Setup and maintenance of Physical Standby Database using Data Guard Broker and active Data Guard for faster Disaster Recovery.  • Installed and Configured OEM grid control for maintenance administering the databases.  • Daily Health Checkup of all the Databases using Oracle Enterprise Manager 12c.  • Used Database Configuration Assistant (DBCA), Database Upgrade Assistant (DBUA) for upgrading Oracle10gR2 to the latest Oracle 11gR2 and applied patches as required.  • Performed full and incremental backups using RMAN for development and production databases.  • Database cloning from Production to Test and Development environments.  • Extensively worked on applying patches (CPU&PSU) whenever required.  • Schema Refreshing of databases using normal copy method and exp/imp utility.  • Cloning database and schemas using Data pump for 10g and 11g versions.  • Cloning 10g and 11g databases using RMAN duplication (with and without backup).  • ASM Disk storage and user Management  • Monitoring the Hit Ratios and tuning the System Global Area (SGA) accordingly.  • Performance tuning for optimized results using tools like EXPLAIN PLAN, SQL*Trace, TKPROF, STATSPACK, AWR, ADDM.  • Troubleshooting of various database performances by proper diagnosis at all levels like SQL, PL/SQL, database design, database tables, indexes, Instance, memory, operating system and java calls.  • Knowledge in Oracle Data warehouse DBA skills relating to administration and management of VLDB environments, Oracle OLTP.  • Experience in writing UNIX/SHELL scripts for providing the reports.  • Installed and configured Oracle 11g database on a test server using Oracle standard procedures and OFA, for performance testing and future 10g production implementation.  • Cognitive about designing, deploying and operating highly available, scalable and fault tolerant systems using Amazon Web Services (AWS).  • Involved in all the stages of the software development cycle (SDLC) namely design, specification, administration, environment setup, debugging, testing (test plan and test execution), integration and system testing.  • Worked extensively with AWS services like EC2, S3, VPC, ELB, AutoScalingGroups, Route 53, IAM, CloudTrail, CloudWatch, CloudFormation, CloudFront, SNS, and RDS Oracle Database Administrator AT&T - Dallas, TX June 2013 to May 2015 • Successfully installed and configured Oracle 11.1.0.7, Oracle 10.2.0.5 databases on AIX platforms.  • Monitored different databases and application servers using Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) 10gGrid Control.  • Loading data from flat files to database using SQL*Loader, External Tables.  • Extensively used AWR, ADDM and explain plan for periodic performance tuning.  • Implementing Datapump, conventional export/import utility of Oracle 11g, 10g for re-organizing Databases/Schemas/Tables to improve the performance.  • Used import/export utilities for cloning/migration of small sized databases and Datapump import/export to move data between 10g and 10g/11g environments.  • Implemented proactive monitoring using Tuning Pack, Diagnostics Pack, and STATSPACK, SQL Trace & TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN.  • Database monitoring/maintenance, replication process and performance tuning are done using OEM (Oracle Enterprise Manager).  • Implemented Flashback technology of the Oracle 11g, 10g along with Recyclebin for a faster recovery of the databases and database objects.  • Performed full & incremental backup (cumulative and differential) using RMAN and implemented recovery strategies.  • Refreshed/cloned databases using RMAN utility.  • Performed Database upgrade from Oracle 10g (10.2.0.5) and to Oracle 11g (11.1.0.7) RAC database.  • Successful in applying RDBMS patches, security patches for improving the security and functionality of the databases.  • Detect corrupted blocks by using DBVERIFY utility.  • Participated in Disaster Recovery Drills, documented database and application validation steps.  • Used Automatic Workload Repository (AWR) & Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor (ADDM) in RAC for Performance Tuning.  • Implemented table partitioning to improve performance and data management.  • Implemented Security through Virtual Private Database and Fine grained Auditing.  • Developed RMAN scripts for database backup and recovery. Education BBA UNIVERSITY OF YAOUNDE 2007 to 2011
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1484.html#540:::Sortation Associate;Database Administrator;Data Warehouse Developer;Business Intelligence Developer;Database Administrator;Database administration;Data modeling;Database;Database design;Sql server;Oracle;Oracle 10;Replication;Sql;Active directory;Dns;Exchange;Etl;Metadata;Data warehouse;Dhcp;Tcp;Disaster recovery;Scripting;Security:::Sortation Associate Sortation Associate MSSQL DBA Dallas, TX Initiative-taking IT professional with proven experience in Database Administration, Business analyst, software development life cycle. Work Experience Sortation Associate AMAZON - Dallas, TX November 2018 to Present • Picking Route  • Identifying problem solve packages  • Scanning Packages  • Sorting Packages    8 Database Administrator Tecnotree Corporation - Lagos, NG January 2014 to June 2017 • Provide development and design assistance for billing database and CRM application  • Improve the performance of billing queries by tweaking it or modifying, reorganizing or rebuilding indexes  • Provides support in capacity planning, forecasting, and tuning. Develops performance/tuning evaluation reports for billing databases  • Interface with developers, network, virtualization, storage and systems operations teams to resolve problems with the billing database/CRM applications systems.  • Design, develop, test, deploy and maintain database security and audit solutions  • Administer and monitor applications and systems, developing automated alerts to warn of failure  • Weekly and Monthly housekeeping on database structures and objects. Data Warehouse Developer TechMahindra - Lagos, NG March 2013 to January 2014 • In a team that manages a data warehouse of over 53 terabytes of data.  • Perform data warehouse design and modeling according to established standards.  • Determine data warehousing solutions to meet business needs.  • Produced ad hoc reports and documents for senior team members.  • Verified data integrity and accuracy.  • Responded to customer requests via telephone and email.  • Worked directly with Marketing team by providing data which helps in making better business decisions.  • Implemented marketing strategies which resulted in 12% growth of customer base. Business Intelligence Developer Tech Mahindra - Lagos, NG February 2012 to March 2013 • Coordinated with Business users to develop business requirements and specifications documents.  • Maintain business intelligence models to design, develop and generate both standard and ad-hoc reports using SAP BO and Microsoft excel.  • Planned, designed and implemented diverse business intelligence solutions.  • Monitored and optimized SQL server performance.  • Ensure the data quality and integrity in databases.  • Recommend improvements to provide optimum reporting solutions.  • Develop best practices for database design and development activities  • Stay updated with business operations and business intelligence processes.  • Improved data gathering, analysis and visualization procedures with strategic optimizations.  • Generated reports, updated spreadsheets and presented results. Database Administrator Leadway-Pensure PFA - Lagos, NG March 2009 to February 2012 • Serve as support for database administration tasks. Configuration management, backup/recovery, performance optimization, and space management  • Perform database deployments and provide support for application releases  • Assist developers with MS SQL Server issues and questions  • Interface with developers, network, virtualization, storage and systems operations teams to resolve problems with applications and database systems  • Design, develop, test, deploy and maintain database security and audit solutions  • Perform SQL administrative tasks, including installing and upgrading SQL server products, creating maintenance plans, and creating database objects  • Install, configure and deploy MS SQL Server. Perform capacity planning, performance turning, monitoring, troubleshooting and optimization of the databases  • Standardize and manage Database Administrator procedures for monitoring database performance, testing, archiving, and optimizing  • Maintenance and support of SQL server Mirroring, Log shipping, Clustering, and other methods of disaster recovery Education Bachelor of Science in Biochemistry Lagos State University - Lagos, NG August 2002 to March 2007 Skills Database administration, Data modeling, Database, Database design, Sql server, Oracle, Oracle 10, Replication, Sql, Active directory, Dns, Exchange, Etl, Metadata, Data warehouse, Dhcp, Tcp, Disaster recovery, Scripting, Security Additional Information Skills  • Data modeling and database design.  • Database administration using the ACID properties concept  • Database Diagnostics skills using DBCC  • Metadata management and repository usage.  • Database schema creation and management.  • Backup and recovery.  • Database security on server level, database level and table level.  • Knowledge of High Availability (HA), Log shipping, Replication and Disaster Recovery (DR) options for SQL Server  • TSQL and PLSQL Procedural skills  • Performance management and tuning.  • MSSQL Server Security  • Data ETL and data warehouse development. Both in Oracle and MS  • SSIS, SSRS, SSAS.  • Scripting.  • ORACLE 10/11 G.  • MSSQL SERVER.  • Window server.  • Active Directory.  • Microsoft Exchange.  • IP/TCP, DHCP, DNS concepts.  • Process Documentation.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1485.html#541:::Application Support Specialist;IT Support;Senior Software Engineer;IT Support Specialist;Database Specialist and Network Administrator;Professor of Database Systems I, II;Professor of Mathematics I, II;Data warehouse (5 years);database (8 years);Optimization (6 years);SQL (6 years):::Application Support Specialist Application Support Specialist Application Support Specialist - JBT Aerotech Conroe, TX Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Application Support Specialist JBT Aerotech March 2016 to Present Report Development using IBM Cognos Analytics.  ? Query Creation and Optimization for Flex Business Rules (Oracle and SQL = PL/SQL and TSQL).  ? SQL Server administration.  ? Customizations based on database functions and/or integrations, FlexSQL, extensibility framework, Java Scripts and Web services.  ? VMware and Hyper-V environment deployment for Infor self-hosted Clients, including installation, setup and administration of the self-hosted environment (Windows Server, SQL Server and/or Oracle).  ? Infor EAM administration and Asset Management. IT Support Synergy Workspaces June 2015 to March 2016 Administration of the complete network of a shared spaces based company  ? Install and maintenance of SharePoint server for sharing company information.  ? Administration of Office 365 site including Online Exchange Server and OneDrive for business.  ? Install, update and maintenance the Voice IP Phone System (Cisco and Polycom).  ? Install and Maintenance of an IP Camera System.  ? Manage of printer centers (Scanner, Printer, Copier, Fax).  ? Direct customer support, troubleshooting. Senior Software Engineer Europcar México October 2014 to February 2015 Part of ISCAR development team adding new functions and maintenance this ERP type system used by EUROPCAR Mexico (Delphi and Oracle).  ? PL/SQL development, to add new functions based in user's needs.  ? Analyze code for system testing and debugging improving the software stability.  ? Create test transactions to find, isolate and rectify issues  ? Development of Maintenance Module to control and automate the entire process of car maintenance.  ? Accounting Module Optimization adding new functionality like direct banks integration.  ? Query Optimization on different Modules improving the response time. IT Support Specialist AIESCUN September 2014 to October 2014 Query various database platforms.  ? Implementation of one tool to Accounting Department that control the money flow using C#, MVC and SQL, automatizing the entire process including synchronization with different banks by XML. This tool make possible the reduction of time used to generate payments by 70%.  ? Network Administration and Maintenance, Technical Support (Software and Hardware)  ? Server Platforms: Windows 2008/2012/R2 Server (Active Directory, DNS, Security, Backup/DR)  ? Desktop Platforms: Windows XP/Vista/7/8.1 (32/64bit) (Group Policy, Profile Management)  ? SQL Server Database Administration.  ? Backups Plan, Query Optimization, Transact SQL, Scripting, Stored Procedures, Functions, indexing, execution plans.  ? SSIS packages for improve the ETL process, using Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS). Database Specialist and Network Administrator TRD Caribe September 2011 to August 2014 SQL Server administration (SQL Server 2005), created Maintenance Plans, Triggers, Query, stored procedures, backup, recovery processes, performance troubleshooting and tuning to improve the SQL Server stability.  ? Query various database platforms to extract information required for users, prioritizing and executing tasks in a high-pressure environment.  ? Query Optimization for 6 different databases used from Accounting and Economic Departments., and database optimization changing indexing strategy, examining Query Execution Plans.  ? Define, document, and develop new interfaces between applications, databases, and third party systems.  ? Implemented High availability Techniques like data replication (between ours servers (Cienfuegos) and the national headquarter servers (Havana), clustering.  ? Mirroring, SSRS to create reports used later by applications developed in the IT department.  ? Created and customized an application to human resources department to personal control using advanced development and coding techniques.  ? Developed a data model and entity relationship diagram using ERWIN, and implemented using SQL SERVER 2012 (Entire Database Lifecycle),  ? Used SSRS reports and SSIS package development to with SQL Server 2012 high availability features.  ? Provided object-oriented design, programming and implementation support to Inventory Control of the IT Department using C# and SQL Server, member of a 5 programmer team  ? Network Servers Installation, Administration and Maintenance (Windows 2000/2003 Server, Active Directory, 2003 Exchange Server, WSUS, Cisco Routers, Virtualization VMware, DNS, DHCP, VOICE IP, Linux, Backups Systems. Workstation Installation and maintenance Windows XP/Vista/7.  ? Designed and implemented a Data warehouse System to support decision making to commercial department.  ? Temporal IT Department Chief  ? Direct department's projects (discuss project specifications, procedures, methodologies).  ? Prepare budgets and contracts.  ? Research about computers or computer-related equipment for commercial use in the organization.  ? Implement policies, and procedures for engineering and technical work of the department, including document and define policies for database development.  ? Monitor, manage, develop, operate, install, and maintain servers, network equipment, storage data and devices, basic software and applications technology.  ? Supervise the installation of computer or computer-related equipment and components.  ? Provide technical support to customers and departments members throughout the product development and implementation process.  ? Test hardware and support peripherals to ensure that they meet specifications and requirements.  ? Direct recruitment, placement, and evaluation of engineering project staff searching new departments team members. Professor of Database Systems I, II University of Informatics Sciences September 2009 to August 2011 -Relational Databases and advanced databases concepts, T-SQL scripts.  ? -Data Warehouse Research and Implementation, ETL processes  -Assist with the performance tuning of SQL scripts and procedures  ? -Work with various developer teams for query optimization, Data Modeling. Professor of Mathematics I, II University of Informatics Sciences September 2007 to August 2009 -Differential and Integral Calculus    Recent Seminars:  ? Advanced Databases  ? Knowledge Based Systems  ? Advanced Programming Techniques  ? Knowledge and Data Models    Languages:  ? English (Full professional proficiency)  ? Spanish (Native or bilingual proficiency) Education Bachelor's degree in Computer Science Central University of Las Villas 2002 to 2007 Skills Data warehouse (5 years), database (8 years), Optimization (6 years), SQL (6 years) Additional Information Skills Include:  Software Development - User Training & Support - Coding & Scripting - Debugging & Troubleshooting - Testing & Documentation - Network Administration - Database Developer - Database Administration - Optimization - Self Motivated, Attention to detail.    Technology Summary:  Languages/Programming: C/C++, C#, MVC, ASP.Net, VB.Net, Delphi, Perl, PHP, HTML, XML, .NET, JavaScript  Networking: TCP/IP, DHCP, DNS, FTP, LAN, WAN, NAS, VPN, VLANs, IIS, Routers, Firewalls, SNMP, Virtualization (VMware, Microsoft Hyper-V), OFFICE 365, Microsoft Exchange, Azure, AWS.  Databases: SQL, Oracle, PostgreSQL, T-SQL, PL/SQL, Query Optimization, ETL process, Data Warehouse, Data marts, SSRS, SSIS.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1486.html#542:::Summer Missionary;Customer Service Representative;Database Administrator Assistant;Building Maintenance Specialist;Senior Counselor;Junior Counselor;Counselor in Training;Typing (10+ years);Computer Repair (2 years);Computer Hardware (2 years);Database Management (Less than 1 year);Programming (Less than 1 year);Windows (10+ years);Linux (1 year);SQL (Less than 1 year);Servers (Less than 1 year):::Summer Missionary Summer Missionary Customer Service Representative - Afni Peoria, IL Computers interest me, and that's hardware and software alike. Work Experience Summer Missionary C.E.F 2012 to Present Customer Service Representative Afni - Bloomington, IL December 2018 to June 2019 Provide assistance to customers regarding the services of the financial services company Affirm. Database Administrator Assistant Natural Fiber Welding Inc - Peoria, IL December 2017 to March 2018 Building Maintenance Specialist SAMARITAN MINISTRIES - Peoria, IL April 2017 to May 2017 Senior Counselor Camp Good News - Washington, IL 2014 to 2016 Junior Counselor Camp Good News - Washington, IL 2012 to 2014 Counselor in Training Camp Good News - Washington, IL 2011 to 2012 Education Bachelor in Computer Science in Computer Science Illinois State University - Bloomington, IL January 2019 to Present Associate of Applied Science in Computer Science in Computer Programming and Database Development Illinois Central College - Peoria, IL December 2015 to December 2017 Skills Typing (10+ years), Computer Repair (2 years), Computer Hardware (2 years), Database Management (Less than 1 year), Programming (Less than 1 year), Windows (10+ years), Linux (1 year), SQL (Less than 1 year), Servers (Less than 1 year)
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1487.html#543:::Network Engineer / Programmer;Computer Administrator - contact;Computer Consultant;Database Administrator- contact;Computer Information Systems Intern;Administrator / Programmer;Administrator / Programmer;Outside Sales Agent - contact;Direct Sales Representative - contact:::Network Engineer / Programmer Network Engineer / Programmer Network Engineer / Programmer at PHP and .NET Chicago, IL Work Experience Network Engineer / Programmer ITconsulte4you.Inc - Chicago, IL January 2008 to Present - Analyzed corporate LAN and WAN to determine what were the major problems and improvements needed to be made to the network infrastructure, and network Security using Protocol Analyzers, security auditing software packages from Network Associates.  -Troubleshooting computer hardware/software on site both at home office and at company, hardware/software configuration to the highest performance.  - Develop Point-of-Sale and E-commerce software applications using PHP, Zend Framework, ASP.NET, Visual Basic.NET, Java, and MySQL.   - Perform computer network maintenance on Windows Server NT / 2003, FreeBSD, Red Hat, Ubuntu, Linux Server and Remote system support Implementation of TCP/IP and related Services- DHCP,DNS,SMTP, HTTPS and FTP   - Credit card processing API and PCI compliance., Merchant services. Computer Administrator - contact Lectrocomponent, Inc - Weaton,IL November 2010 to April 2011 - Supportcomputer hardware/software.  - Implemented Virtual Private Networks VPNs using Cisco routers, PIX firewalls, Check Point firewalls, and Cisco VPN 3000 Concentrators. Enabled RSA SecurID with Cisco VPN 3000 Concentrator. Reduced customer costs 50 percent by replacing leased circuits with VPN solutions.   - Write applications using VBA, Excel 2003 , Crytal Reports and perform computer network maintenance on Windows Server NT / 2000-2003, Citix , Prophet21:11V, warehouse software and Hardware Troubleshooting.   - Analyzed LAN to determine what were the major problems and improvements needed to be made to the network infrastructure.  - Engineered a dedicated server to move them from a peer-to-peer network to provide more reliable service and to reduce the latency.  - Migrated their primary record keeping software AviMark to the server along with the time keeping software TimeWolf so it could be accessed from any workstation.  - Engineered a Internet connectivity solution as a Dial on Demand, with security policies to protect sensitive data, and prevent user access to the Web, along with a RAS solution to provide after hours access to AviMark in the event of an emergency and for providing support.  - Implemented a backup strategy along with a disaster recovery plan in the event that the server should go down to prevent lost revenue. Computer Consultant Northwest Pediatric Service - Elgin, IL August 2007 to October 2008 - Implemented Virtual Private Networks VPNs using Cisco routers, PIX firewalls, Check Point firewalls, and Cisco VPN 3000 Concentrators.   - Networking design with Windows Server 2003, DNS-DHCP Server, Squid Proxy , NFS, Medisoft Server, Citrix Server, Linux and Firewall.  - Maintaining web applications used by internal/external customers, troubleshooting and fixing defects with technical team. Involved in software development life cycle and conducted testing during post implementation phase analyzed and designed database and user interface; and working with technical team to ensure the product meet the customer requirements. Developed web applications using PHP and MySQL database.   - Network maintenance 9 locations Database Administrator- contact International Software= Development, LLC CA, USA - Los Angeles, CA May 2007 to July 2007 - Supported the software development team to enhance, update, test, debug and maintain Point-of-Sale Restaurant software Application - the touch screen operated computer supports the basic restaurant cash register functionality, the option of printing of kitchen orders, and flash report.   - Mainly developed using PHP and MySQL  - Developing class diagrams, use case diagrams, activity diagrams, sequence diagrams, component diagrams and deployment diagrams. Computer Information Systems Intern Trace Die Cast, Inc - Bowling Green, KY December 2006 to March 2007 - Responsibilities externship project for students include troubleshooting computer hardware/software, program computer, and perform computer  - Network maintenance on Windows Server 2000 ,DNS-DHCP Server, Red Hat and Linux. Administrator / Programmer Ubonrachthani University, Ubonrachthani, Thailand - Ubonrachthanie, Thailand October 2004 to May 2005 - Maintained system for faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences Database Server, Windows 2000 Server, DNS Server, Mail Server, Proxy Server FreeBSD v5.4/6.2, and PPP Server (Remote Access) Linux SIS  - Wrote CGI and Java scripts for the camWrote CGI and Java scripts for the campus directory Web server application. pus directory Web server application. Administrator / Programmer Regional Health Promotion Center - Ubonrachthani, Thailand November 2003 to September 2004 - Maintained system Database Server, DNS Server, Mail Server, Proxy Server Microsoft windows NT/2000.   - Develop web application for HIV Report using ASP, SQL Server, and Microsoft Access Outside Sales Agent - contact PrimePay global, - Henderson, NV April 2012 - Credit card processing API and PCI compliance. Point of sales.  - Support for Point-of-Sale Merchant services. Direct Sales Representative - contact Clearent,LLC, - Clayton, MO January 2012 -Credit card processing API and PCI compliance. Point of sales and E-commerce system  - Sales support software and hardware Education Business English Ccomputer Systems Institute - Chicago, IL 2011 to Present MSc Keller Graduate Scholl of Management of DeVry University - Chicago, IL 2011 M.Sc. in Computer Science Ubonrachathani University February 2004 to May 2006 Bachelor of Science in Computer Science Ubon Rachathani Rajabhat University June 1996 to April 2000 Additional Information Posses expertise in Web Data base / Design  - Strong knowledge of Web/Networking programming  - Demonstrate understanding of.NET technology and Freeware technology  - Good knowledge Object Oriented Programming  - Good knowledge of Windows Server and Linux Server  - Ability to handle stressful situations with a positive attitude  - Demonstrate ability to meet deadlines  - Ability to work independently as well as with a team.    TECHNICAL EXPERTISE    - Languages: PHP, Drupal 6,VB6, VB.NET, ASP, ASP.NET, JAVA, C # Programming  - Database Languages: MySQL, SQL Server, Microsoft Access, Oracle  - Microsoft Server: Microsoft Windows NT, Microsoft Windows Server 2000/2003, Microsoft  Exchange Server, Windows Web Hosting.  - Open Source: Linux Fedora 6.0/10.1,SIS, FreeBSD, Ubuntu 10, Red Hat Linux  - Networking Security: Open SSL, Wireless Security  - Concepts: Object Oriented Analysis/Design, UML  - Web security camera    COURSE WORKS AND PROJECTS    Myposonline: Web Application Shopping Cart using ASP.Net and MySQL.  (www.myposonline.net) (Present)  Mybusinessintown, Inc: Web Application (order online) using PHP, Java, Jquery and  MySQL.  (www.mybusinessintown.net) (Present)  Nickantphotography:Web Application (order online) using CSS-Flash, PHP, Java, Jquery  and MySQL.  (www.nickantphotography.com) (Present)  - Therubystone Web Application using PHP and MySQL.  (http:// therubystone.com)  - Restauran Web Application using PHP (http:// www.Divachicago.com),  (http:// www.jitladathaionline.com), (http:// www.Goldenthaijasmine.com)  - Gambacortalaw Office Web Application using PHP and MySQL.  (http:// www.gambacortalaw.com/)  - The Cats Pajamas Web Application Shopping Cart using PHP and MySQL.  (http://www.catspajamas.com/)  - KidCareMedical Web Portal -the application to present the record of medical staff/employee  information such as employee schedule, directory of medical staff, timecard, and company  news. This application is mainly developed using PHP and MySQL. and Medical Record  Health Care Application - Developed using ASP and Visual Basic.  (http://www.kidcaremedical.net )-
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1488.html#544:::CRM Analyst (Contract);Business Applications Administrator;Database Support Specialist;File Server Manager (Intern);IT Specialist (Intern);Infrastructure Support (Intern);Communications (6 years);Customer Service (6 years);CRM administration (3 years);Incident Management (6 years);Documentation (6 years);Business Analysis (4 years);Project Coordination (4 years);SQL Server (6 years);Report Writing (3 years);Microsoft Server administration (6 years);Microsoft Windows (6 years);Microsoft Visio (6 years);Microsoft Office (6 years):::CRM Analyst (Contract) CRM Analyst (Contract) Pittsburgh, PA Blends a logical and creative mindset that improves business efficiency across different industries Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience CRM Analyst (Contract) Community College of Allegheny County - Pittsburgh, PA April 2019 to Present • Configured and customized solutions built on the Ellucian Microsoft Dynamics CRM platforms interfacing with the core ERP in accordance with the College plan  • Supported business processes for recruitment including prospect management, enrollment funnel management, communications plans, student onboarding, and other enrollment functions  • Supported business processes for student retention including performance monitoring, communications templates, development of interventions and communications plans  • Deployed Case Management solution to all main campus locations for better tracking and review of student suspension appeals among the academic deans, counselors, advisors and faculty  • Focused on the creation of dashboards that visually streamlined unique department team operations  • Continued testing of the web front end applications for better funneling of data from the CRM to the ERP  • Ran imports and exports along with workflows to and from the CRM Business Applications Administrator Dollar Bank - Pittsburgh, PA January 2016 to April 2019 • Served as the IT business liaison in all capacities to understand the business needs of my customers and match them to custom technology solutions  • Worked closely with software vendors to fully understand their software as a service and effectively apply this to internal business and IT teams  • Tailored training for all facets of the commercial lending Customer Relationship Management (CRM) Goldmine platform catered to each individual’s role through in-person trainings or through online WebEx meetings  • Researched modern CRM and ERP solutions such as Salesforce, Dynamics, and Infor to see what best fits for the company  • Developed an automated SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) system for checks and deposits reports to securely process to General Ledger on a nightly basis for the Settlement Services department  • Configured Finastra LaserPro loan document system from start to finish for commercial lending and extended the use of the system for consumer lending  • Refreshed and modernized customer facing database merge documents for Settlement Services and Insurance departments  • Completed all application upgrades on Windows servers and workstations working very closely with IIS web services and associated SQL server databases  • Tracked and prioritized all requests and incidents through Samanage and SharePoint ticketing and workflow systems and updated projects through application lifecycle management tools  • Exceeded regulatory compliance and security audits through extensive documentation and Visio diagrams Database Support Specialist RDX Remote Database Experts - Warrendale, PA January 2014 to December 2015 • Provided our 300+ customers remote IT and database services through our custom monitoring software as a service utilizing Quest BigBrother and SolarWinds  • Responsible for maintaining our business customers’ utmost satisfaction with the company’s innovative approach to simplifying IT and bringing speed, efficiency, and cost savings  • Resolved SQL, Oracle, and MySQL database issues and implemented safeguards to prevent repeat issues  • Remediated Windows/Unix server environment issues on critical production systems spanning from healthcare to financial entities  • Addressed all tickets through Salesforce and Okta system to fully capture and document issues  • Appropriately escalated all tickets to the database administrators to meet SLAs if they could not be resolved by our support team  • On-call support for major clients in monitoring overnight database job processes  • Trained new individuals and clearly demonstrated the immeasurable importance of customer service using effective communication and listening skills with our clients File Server Manager (Intern) Clarion University of Pennsylvania - Clarion, PA January 2011 to December 2013 • Created images for department classes using sysprep with Windows Deployment Services  • Troubleshot and repaired computers for faculty, staff, students, and the community   • Time clock system admin for the computer lab and file server room workers IT Specialist (Intern) Brookville Equipment Corp - Brookville, PA June 2013 to August 2013 • Fully integrated Trend Micro Business Security antivirus  • Implemented VMware virtualization of servers  • Developed Digital Signage display  • Completed Axis camera installations  • Upgraded Windows XP workstations to Windows 7 Infrastructure Support (Intern) Questeq, Inc - Coraopolis, PA January 2012 to June 2012 • Consulted with school and institution administrators and matched their needs to Questeq solutions  • Physically configured wireless network installations for schools and institutions setting up access points, controllers, switches, radii SSIDs, with associated licensing  • Monitored school network environments using Enterasys Management Dashboard, Ekahau Site Survey, PRTG Network Monitor, LogMeIn Remote Access, and bigWebApps ticket system Education Bachelor's in Information Systems Clarion University - Clarion, PA August 2010 to December 2013 Skills Communications (6 years), Customer Service (6 years), CRM administration (3 years), Incident Management (6 years), Documentation (6 years), Business Analysis (4 years), Project Coordination (4 years), SQL Server (6 years), Report Writing (3 years), Microsoft Server administration (6 years), Microsoft Windows (6 years), Microsoft Visio (6 years), Microsoft Office (6 years) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/stfagan
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1489.html#545:::Senior Oracle DBA;Oracle DBA;Senior Oracle DBA;Oracle Database Administrator;Junior Oracle DBA;IT Help Desk;DATABASE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM (Less than 1 year);DBMS (Less than 1 year);MS SQL SERVER (Less than 1 year);OEM (4 years);Oracle (5 years);PL/SQL (1 year);RDBMS (Less than 1 year);RMAN (5 years);scripting (Less than 1 year);shell scripting (Less than 1 year);Solaris (1 year);SQL (5 years);SQL Server (Less than 1 year);UNIX (3 years);UNIX Shell (Less than 1 year);DBA;Oracle Dba;Oracle Database;Sql Dba:::Senior Oracle DBA Senior Oracle DBA Senior Oracle DBA - Lackland Airforce Base San Antonio San Antonio, TX Over 7 years of experience as an Oracle Database Administrator with hands-on experience in  database installation, administration, configuration, production support, upgrades, patches,  performance tuning, backup and recovery, space management, database security, cloning,  migration, shell scripting and documentation.  • Team player with excellent interpersonal, analytical and communications skills.  • Installed, Configured and Administered Oracle databases 10g, 11g and 12c.  • Provided 24X7 production support to high critical databases  • Worked extensively on Oracle Software Installation, Oracle Database Upgrade, Migrations  (from 10g to 11g and to 12c) and Patching {Patch set, Critical Patch Updates (CPU) / Patch Set  Updates (PSU), One-off Patch}.  • Proficient in all the phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) as well as Software  Implementation Life-Cycle (SILC).  • Configured, Managed and Administered Container (CDB) and Pluggable (PDB) Databases.  • Extensively used Database Administrative tools like Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM), OEM Grid  and Cloud Control, SQL*PLUS, TOAD.  • Handled operational responsibilities like database Refreshes/Copy backs, Security, Documenting  Standards and Procedures.  • Performance tuning of the database - SQL Tuning, Used Tuning utilities like DBMS.STATS,  TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN, AWR, ADDM, Scripts and Tuning of SGA, distribution of disk I/O, Sizing  of tables and indexes.  • Performance tuning of Queries by maintaining Aggregates, Compression, partition, Indexing and  use of Hints, Stored outlines, Statistics for the same.  • Extensive Experience with RMAN Backups and Logical Backups.  • Logical backups using Data Pump and Import/Export utilities.  • Worked extensively on Shell scripting for RMAN backups, maintenance and REFRESHES for  databases.  • Installed, configured and maintained Physical, Logical, Active standby databases supported by  Data guard on Oracle 12c, 11g RAC, 10g RAC servers for the purpose of disaster recovery  procedures.  • Installed, Configured, and Administered Two and Three Nodes Oracle 11g RAC for High  Availability Solutions.  • Wrote scripts to inform the DBA's regarding the status, performance and space management of  the database  • Worked with development and operations staff in resolving problems quickly and efficiently  • Wrote several Purging/Administrative shell scripts on Linux which are being used as standard  scripts at the workplace.    TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE Work Experience Senior Oracle DBA Lackland Airforce Base San Antonio - Houston, TX December 2018 to Present Environment: RHEL, Windows OS, Oracle 11g,12c. ASM, SQL Developer, SQL-plus, RMAN,  Datapump, WebLogic, OEM 13C,  Responsibilities:    • Supporting multiple databases for production, development, test and staging purposes on Sun  Solaris and Windows environments.  • Installation, configuration, Maintenance and Support of Oracle 11g and 12c Databases.  • Applied the Database (RDBMS) Patches i.e. PSU patches and one-off patches (for Bug resolution)  using opatch.  • Used OEM Cloud Control and WebLogic console extensively for administrative tasks.  • Intermediate support of WebLogic Environment.  • Responsible for Database Backup and Recovery, daily monitoring of database & network issues.  •Building Oracle Standby databases, both Active Dataguard for real-time replication and normal  Dataguard for disaster recovery also referred as BCP clone purposes.  • Refreshing Dev and Test instances with data from Production on a regular basis.  • Scheduling repetitive activities like gathering schema statistics, exports, table space usage report  using crontab.  •Creation, Configuration and Setting up of RMAN Catalog databases and registering target  Databases with the Catalog.  •Made optimal use of Oracle Support in resolving the SRs.  •Installed ASM environment and migrated databases from NON-ASM to ASM. Oracle DBA U.S. Airforce. Pentagon - Alexandria, EG November 2016 to Present Environment: RHEL, Oracle 11g,12c. ASM, TOAD, SQL Developer, SQL-plus, RMAN,  Datapump.  • Identifying objects no longer accessed and remove those objects which results in saving space in the databases.  • Worked on moving data from one storage area to another.  • Implemented & Managed Physical Standby and even Configured Automatic Storage  Management (ASM).  • Applying Patch set, Critical Patch Update (CPU)/Patch Set Update (PSU) and One-off Patches  using OPatch and run Installer under UNIX and Windows.  • Performed database tuning by using various tools such as ADDM (Automatic Database  • Diagnostic Monitor) from AWR (Automatic Workload Repository), OEM (Oracle Enterprise  Manager) and STATSPACK  • Performance Tuning i.e. tuning applications, shared pool, I/O distribution, rollback segments,  buffer cache, redo mechanisms  • Resolved database network problems using Oracle Net Configuration Assistant, Oracle Net  Manager, Netstat and ping utility  • Installed an Oracle 12C database on a window server. Senior Oracle DBA IPNS - Herndon, VA March 2018 to December 2018 Environment: RHEL, HP, Oracle 11g,12c. ASM, TOAD, SQL Developer, SQL-plus, RMAN,  Datapump, WebLogic OEM 13C.  Responsibilities:    • Supported & maintained the Production/Development/Test databases on various servers.  • Applying security patches (Patch set, Critical Patch Updates (CPU) / Patch Set Updates (PSU).  • One off Patch) using "runInstaller" and Perl based utility "opatch".  • Used OEM Cloud Control extensively for administrative tasks.  • Intermediate support of WebLogic Environment.  • Responsible for Database Backup and Recovery, daily monitoring of database & network issues.  • Manage WebLogic Users. Oracle Database Administrator KeyBank - Cleveland November 2015 to November 2016 Environment: Windows, RHEL, Oracle 11g/12c/10g, Oracle RAC (11g), Data Guard, Oracle Grid/Cloud  Control, RMAN, ASM, SQL Developer, TOAD, SQL*Plus.    Responsibilities:  • Supported & maintained the Production/Development databases on various servers.  • Installed, configured, and maintained Oracle 10g, 11gR2 and 12c on Linux and also Upgraded and Migrated from Oracle 10g to 11g.  • Responsible for Database Backup and Recovery, daily monitoring of database & network issues  • Extensively implemented Data Pump, conventional Export/Import (Oracle 11g, 10g) for migration  and logical backup of database.  • Strong skills in applying security patches (Patch set, Critical Patch Updates (CPU) / Patch Set  Updates (PSU), One-off Patch) using "runInstaller" and perl based utility "opatch".  • Performed SQL and PL/SQL tuning oracle contention and monitored production database using  Automatic Workload Repository (AWR), Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor (ADDM) and Automatic Session History (ASH).  • Administering Security User Management, Privileges, Roles, Auditing, Profiling, Authentication  • Used OEM Grid and Cloud Control extensively for administrative tasks.  • Planned and implemented high availability solutions such as Real Application Cluster (RAC) in Oracle 11gR2 Grid and 10g on ASM and OCSF2 file systems.  • Installed, configured and maintained Physical, Logical, Active standby databases supported by Data guard on Oracle 11g, 10g RAC servers for the purpose of disaster recovery Solutions.  • Setting up physical Standby/Data Guard for disaster and recovery.  • Involved in DR testing.  • Involved in capacity planning.  • Installed and configured golden gate for replication. Junior Oracle DBA Humana Inc - Louisville, KY January 2015 to October 2015 Environment: Oracle 10g/11g, HP-UX 11, Sun Solaris 10.0, RAC, Oracle Streams, RMAN, Data Pump,  SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN    Responsibilities:  • Provided 24X7 supports for all the production and development databases.  • Performed Installation and configuration of Oracle 10.2.0.1 database on HP-UX platform.  • Successfully performed migrations from Oracle 10g/11g to 11gR2 RAC (Real Application) Database.  • Scheduling the Physical backups (hot & cold) in CRON tab using RMAN utility and monitoring the scheduled jobs.  • Configure block change tracking to work with RMAN Merged incremental backups.  • Responsible for Creating Users, Groups, Roles, Profiles and assigning the users to groups and grant necessary privileges to the relevant groups.  • Used to run the scripts to check the status of databases such as growing table sizes, extent  allocation, free space, used space, fragmentation etc.  • Used SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN utilities for optimizing and tuning SQL queries.  • Installed and Administered Oracle 11g & 10g RAC software with ASM. IT Help Desk Department of Defense, US Navy November 2009 to November 2014 • Maintained daily performance of computer systems.  • Installed, modified, and repaired computer hardware and software.  • Installed computer peripherals for users.  • Wrote training manuals.  • Trained computer users.  • Walked customer through problem-solving process.  • Followed up with customers to ensure issue has been resolved.  • Track, route and redirect problems to correct resources. Education Bachelor's degree information systems management University of Maryland University College Skills DATABASE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM (Less than 1 year), DBMS (Less than 1 year), MS SQL SERVER (Less than 1 year), OEM (4 years), Oracle (5 years), PL/SQL (1 year), RDBMS (Less than 1 year), RMAN (5 years), scripting (Less than 1 year), shell scripting (Less than 1 year), Solaris (1 year), SQL (5 years), SQL Server (Less than 1 year), UNIX (3 years), UNIX Shell (Less than 1 year), DBA, Oracle Dba, Oracle Database, Sql Dba Military Service Branch: United States Navy Rank: E4
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\149.html#546:::Database Architect / Snr. Database Administrator;Database Architect / Snr. Database Administrator;Snr. Database Administrator/Architect;Database Administrator / Architect;Production DBA:::Database Architect / Snr. Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> Architect / Snr. <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Architect / Snr. Database Administrator - RALPH LAUREN Surya has total IT experience of 17 years as Database Architect/Oracle Database Administrator in Production Support, Upgrading, Installing, Data Analysis, Data Integration, Data Migration & Data Modelling, Configuring and Maintaining VLDBs and Production databases. Oracle Certified Professional (OCP) Oracle Database Administration. Extensive experience on RAC Installation on windows/Linux, Backup & Recovery Setup, DataGuard Configuration, Replication using GOLDEN GATE, Database creation on EXADATA. Work Experience Database Architect / Snr. Database Administrator RALPH LAUREN - New York, NY May 2015 to Present Responsibilites:  - Performed Data Analysis with End Users, Development Team, Business Analysts and DBA team  - Integrated GFE/PMC/IP systems to Base Database Management (BDM) system to support  HYBRIS/OMS and many critical reports  - Designed/Installed/Configured 12c databases to support the new system on Linux environment  - Participated in data mapping discussions to finalyse the data received from many systems  - Created LDM/PDM using ERwin 9.6 & SQL Server Data Modellers and made changes as needed  - Executed Data loading to Oracle Database received in .xls, ascii, exp dumps using TOAD 12.6  custom scripts, SQL Loader, SQL Developer  - Written Scripts to automate data loading, schema creation, audit and security    Environment:  Database Administration: OEM 12c, TOAD 12.6, SQL Developer  Data Modelling: ERwin 9.6, SQL Developer Data Modeller  FTP: FSecure, WinSCP, FileZilla, Putty  OS: Putty, Pagent, Puttygen Database Architect / Snr. Database Administrator SHELL OIL & GAS - Houston, TX August 2013 to April 2015 Responsibilites:  - Implemented & Maintained Disaster Recovery for TEST/DEV/STAGE & PROD Environments  - Replicated Oracle Databases(11g/12c) using Golden Gate to ORACLE 11g/12c versions  - Resolved critical Golden Gate issues during replication on 24*7 with Oracle Support  - Performed Schema/DB level replications from prod to non-prod env using Golden Gate from RAC - RAC & RAC - NONRAC on AIX/Linux operating systems  - Written shell scripts for Golden Gate to determine status, reporting, daily summary reports  - Supported Critical Applications used by 1000+ users on 24*7 basis  - Implemented Backup & Recover strategy on Prod Environments using RMAN / FLASHBACK / SNAPSHOT / SHADOW-THIN IMAGE REFRESH technologies  - Provided Support during critical migrations - data migration / database migration / OS migration  - Performed CPU & one-off patches on Prod / Non-Prod environments new versions are released  - Trained Jnr. DBAs / End-users / Business Analyst regarding new database features  - Co-ordinated with Storage / Network / Unix / Application Teams across the globe during support  - Worked on EXADATA machines: create databases / performance tuning / setup backups  - Upgraded oracle databases from 11.2.0.4 to 12.1.0.2 and resolved post upgrade issues  - Written shell scripts for DB Adminstration, RMAN backups, Performance, Day-to-Day Checks  - Exibited excellent communication skills with end-users/technical teams/management    Environment:  Databases: Oracle 10g / 11g / 12c  Hardware: Linux 5.0 / AIX 7.1 / EXADATA  Tools: OEM 10g/12c, TOAD, SQL Developer, DB Artisan, PL/SQL, Shell Script, AWK, SID  Misc: COSIMA / SOM@SAP / SM9 / F-Secure / Putty / WinSCP Snr. Database Administrator/Architect CSpire - Ridgeland, MS March 2013 to July 2013 Cellular South Inc. d.b.a. C Spire Wireless, headquartered in Ridgeland, Mississippi, is the eighth  largest wireless provider in the United States is a provider of broadband internet and phone services.  Day-to-day tasks  - Supported production oracle DB 10.2.0.4 on Linux platforms  - Supported development team of size 20 in enhancing project of the existing prod system  - Used Sybase power designer for data modelling, applying db changes & reverse engineering  existing systems for documentation  - Tuned resource consuming querires on prod and dev systems using performance tuning tools - SQLT, AWR, EXPLAIN PLAN, ASH & ADDM  - Monitored changes using DB ADMIN tools - EMBARCARDERO DB Artisan & DB Change  Manager, SQL Server DB Admin  - Participated in Partitions decision making, capacity planning & development analysis meetings  - Raised SRs to Oracle Support as-and-when required for analysing prod issues  - Support monthly maintenance tasks and resolved/supported critical issues on PROD  Environment  Oracle DB: 10.2.0.4/11.2.0.1/11.2.0.3 SQL Server: 2005/2008/2012  OS: WINDOWS 7.0/LINUX-SUSE 11/SOLARIS 10/AIX 6.1  DB Admin: Putty, Win SCP, VNC Viewer, OEM 11g/12c, TOAD 11.6.0,  SQL Developer 3.2.20, RMAN  Performance: AWR, SQLT, EXPLAIN PLAN, TRCANLYZR  Replication: Data Guard, IDR (Informatica Data Replication), MVs Database Administrator / Architect FEDEX - Colorado Springs, CO April 2012 to February 2013 FedEx provides customers and businesses worldwide with a broad portfolio of transportation, e-commerce and business services. The current CMDM system managing the Legal customer definition is planned to extend to provide a more robust set of relationship management capabilities to simplify and improve the existing CMDM EDW extract and web services and also toallow for hosting of the Pricing and Sales customer definitions. The ultimate goal of the resulting system is to provide a platform for managing existing customer definitions and reduce the cost and complexity of incorporating new definitions going forward.  Day-to-day tasks  - Supported production oracle DB 10.2.0.4 on Linux platforms  - Supported development team of size 20 in enhancing project of the existing prod system  - Used Sybase power designer for data modelling, applying db changes & reverse engineering  existing systems for documentation  - Tuned resource consuming querires on prod and dev systems using performance tuning tools - SQLT, AWR, EXPLAIN PLAN, ASH & ADDM  - Monitored changes using DB ADMIN tools - EMBARCARDERO DB Artisan & DB Change  Manager, SQL Server DB Admin  - Participated in Partitions decision making, capacity planning & development analysis meetings  - Raised SRs to Oracle Support as-and-when required for analysing prod issues  - Support monthly maintenance tasks and resolved/supported critical issues on PROD  Environment: Databases: Oracle 10.2.0.4/11.2.03 on Linux 5.0, Data Modelling: Sybase Power Designer 15.2.0, OS Tools: Putty, WinSCP, TELSA, Tight VNC2.0.4, Performance: SQLT, TRCA, EXPLAIN PLAN, SQL Profiling, Development: SQL developer 3.1.07, SQL, PL/SQL,  DB Admin: OEM Grid Control, EMBARCADERO-DB Artisan, DB Change Manager Production DBA EDELMAN - Chicago, IL November 2011 to January 2012 Edelman is the world's largest independent public relations firm, with offices in 60 cities and more than 4,000 employees worldwide, as well as affiliates in more than 30 cities. Edelman owns specialty firms Blue (advertising), StrategyOne (research), Ruth (integrated marketing), DJE Science (medical education/publishing and science communications), and MATTER (sports, sponsorship, and entertainment)  Day-to-day tasks  - Clearing tickets raised by HITACHI offshore team on PROD and SUPPORT instances  - Coordinating with onshore analysts and offshore development team  - Checking status of daily backup jobs for purging archivelogs (hourly), refreshing SUPP, DEV, TRAIN, TEST with PROD periodically  - Troubleshooting failed backups, slow-running queries, setting up new users and add/remove privileges on PROD for key development team  - Coordinated with Oracle Support to resolve issues on 24*7 basis Education B.Tech Nagarjuna University 1986 to 1990
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1490.html#547:::Salesforce Database Administrator/ Project Manager;Salesforce Administrator Consultant;Real Estate Sales Professional;Salesforce Admintrator (1 year);Salesforce;Visualforce;Apex;Salesforce Admin;Project Management (5 years):::Salesforce Database Administrator/ Project Manager Salesforce <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span>/ Project Manager Passionate Salesforce Administrator San Jose, CA Salesforce Administrator with experience in Community Management and Sales/Marketing I am seeking to  Serve a nonprofit a as Certified Salesforce.com Database Administrator Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Salesforce Database Administrator/ Project Manager Peninsula Conflict Resolution Center - San Mateo, CA September 2018 to Present • managed the scoping, planning, development, implementation, and training of Salesforce Database from beginning to end.  • successfully completed the customization of Salesforce.com to meet all their business processes and CRM needs.  • consistently met deadlines and requirements for all projects.  • worked directly with Director of Operations to achieve successful implementation of Non Profit Success pack  • modified existing database to meet unique needs.  • coordinated with project teams on database development timelines.  • handled service requests, including initial troubleshooting and escalation. Salesforce Administrator Consultant Oakland Literacy Coliltion - Oakland, CA February 2019 to July 2019 • analyzed Existing Email Campaigns  • Worked directly with stakeholders to achieve successful integration.  • responsible for creative design for marketing Campaigns  • Verified data integrity and accuracy.  • combined broad, deep knowledge of technology and strong business foundation to drive productivity.  • partnered closely with infrastructure staff and departmental decision makers to identify, recommend,  • develop and implement cost-effective technology solutions. Real Estate Sales Professional Lionsgate Real Estate Group - El Segundo, CA January 2012 to January 2018 • licensed Real Estate Salesperson.   • originated Home Sales and Finance Transactions  • managed Sales operations Education Master's in Agile software development Jobhackers - San Francisco, CA September 2018 to May 2019 Skills Salesforce Admintrator (1 year), Salesforce, Visualforce, Apex, Salesforce Admin, Project Management (5 years) Certifications/Licenses Certified Salesforce Administrator November 2018 https://trailhead.salesforce.com/credentials/certification-detail-print?searchString=0034A00002zwugdQAA Additional Information SKILLS    Salesforce Administration System analysis  Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills Project Management  Strong interpersonal and communication skills Excellent diagnostic skills  Team leadership information technology  Problem Resolution
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1491.html#548:::Sr.SQL Server DBA;SQL DBA;SQL Database Administrator;SQL DBA;SQL DBA;DATABASE;DATABASE DESIGN;SQL SERVER;SQL SERVER 2005;SQL SERVER 2008:::Sr.SQL Server DBA Sr.SQL Server DBA Sr.SQL Server DBA - NCCI Holdings Boca Raton, FL • 8+experience Year database by running DBCC statements and rebuilding\reorganizing indexes.  • Monitored the performance of Database Backup and other jobs in the maintenance plan Restoration and Point in-Time Recovery and optimized as needed.  • Monitored Server Activity, Error Log, space usage, and solving problem as needed Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr.SQL Server DBA NCCI Holdings - Boca Raton, FL April 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Provide Production Support for MS SQL Server Databases in High Availabilities  • Perform day-to-day administration on SQL Server environments  • Diagnose & troubleshoot issues, monitored the performance of the database and optimized to run more efficiently.  • Manage database Capacity growth, refresh data from production to lower environment  • Monitored databases, migrate SQ Server from SQL  • Support SSIS, SSRS, Data warehousing  • Manage and implement production release  • Lead the Disaster Recovery  • Used SSRS to generate reports by querying from database  • Generated many reports by querying them from SQL Database as per the business requirements.  • Install SQL Server Fail-over Cluster and Migrate SQL Server from SQL  • Set up and configure database Mirroring, Log shipping, support SSRS, SSAS  • Automate maintenance jobs, install services patching  • Work well in a team with excellent communication skills  • Identify problems, find root cause and perform tuning to ensure application performance  • Manage database Capacity growth, write stored procedures, triggers  • Maintain & manage Database security, install monitor tools on the Server  • Import and export data in Oracle Data Pump utility  • Manage User security access in SQL server and backup database SQL DBA Cognizant - Teaneck, NJ September 2016 to March 2018 Responsibilities:  • Installed, Configured, and Administered SQL Server 2012/2008/2005.  • Backed up databases using Full, Differential and Transactional log backup methods.  • Restored Database from database backups and file backups.  • Experienced with Point-in-Time Recovery. Maintained logical consistency of the database by running DBCC statements and rebuilding\reorganizing indexes.  • Monitored the performance of Database Backup and other jobs in the maintenance plan Restoration and Point in-Time Recovery and optimized as needed.  • Monitored Server Activity, Error Log, space usage, and solving problem as needed  • Maintained server level, database level and object level security best practices by creating logins and users, configuring permissions and assigning different roles to users.  • Configured Database Mail and SQL Server Agent. Created user access, monitored and optimized the performance of the database.  • Created SQL Server Event, Maintenance Plans and Performance Condition Alerts.  • Scheduled jobs to automate different database related activities including Backup, Index Optimization, Monitored Database health, Disk space and Backup verification.  • Set up Merge, Transactional and Snapshot Replication on remote server.  • Configured and administered Fail-Over Clustering, Transactional Log shipping, Replication and Database Mirroring using SQL Server 2012, 2008, and 2005.  • Performed database integrity checks using DBCC utilities and maintenance plan configuration wizard. Implemented troubleshooting of SQL Server performance issues using SQL Tools, execution plans, Trace, statistics, index tuning wizard.  • Performed database migration and upgrade from SQL Server 2005 and 2008 to 2012.  • Installed and applied Service Packs (SP) on SQL Server 2005, 2008 and 2012 using SCCM.  • Deployed window server patches on Window server 2012, 2008 using big fix  • Installed, configured, and administered MS SQL Server 2005 and 2008 Integration Services (SSIS) and Reporting Services (SSRS).  • Performed Export & Import of databases from/to Flat file, excel Access, Oracle and MySQL to/from SQL Server Database using DTS, SSIS, and BCP.  • Generated reports by querying from SQL database by using a variety of query design tools such as text-based query designer, report model designer and MDX designer to generate report  • Responsible for backing up and restoring databases  • Performed writing T-SQL, Trigger and Stored Procedures.  • Supported remote production and development servers, clustered/non clustered environment. Performed DBMS maintenance, backup and recovery.  • Performance tuning, Index optimize, maintaining and troubleshooting database problems  • Posses good analytical problem-solving skills, excellent communication and self-driven skills to get the job done SQL Database Administrator CaseNet - Waltham, MA September 2014 to August 2016 Responsibilities:  • Develop and optimize T-SQL code, including database scripts, triggers and stored procedures for multiple TruCare applications  • Develop Microsoft SQL Server SSIS packages to implement ETL requirements  • Data modeling and data architecture  • Database performance monitoring, SQL tuning and analysis, troubleshooting, and data concurrency analysis  • Various database administration tasks in development and test environments  • Develop, enforce and maintain database standards SQL DBA Speedway LLC - Enon, OH June 2012 to August 2014 Responsibilities:  • Work closely with project managers, business analysts, business clients and other SQL team members to define requirements, design, estimate, code, test, certify, pilot, and roll-out requested changes.  • Provide support to Speedway Departments to troubleshoot and resolve production issues.    • Provide 24 / 7 on-call support, this responsibility is rotated and shared    • Maintain development test environment    • Work with deployment team to build and test    • software deployment package for certification    • environment and live stores SQL DBA Unisys - Blue Bell, PA February 2010 to May 2012 Responsibilities  • High-level technical resolution for incidents received from phone calls, emails or automated ticketing system during specific shifts  • Evaluate Root Cause analysis, looking for permanent fix, and preventive steps  • Automation View (preferably script ability - PowerShell/shell script)  • Provide client advisory on Database Technology, Architecture and best practices  • Install, patch update and Upgrade MSSQL & ORACLE Databases  • Learn new versions and provide guidance on migrations and new Standards  • Work closely with IT project managers, database programmers and multimedia programmers  • Developing, managing and testing Database backup and recovery plan  • Writing Database documentation, including Data Standards, procedures and definitions  • Troubleshooting Oracle issues  • Perform Database performance tuning and capacity planning  • Expertise in High Availability and Maintainability solutions for Master & Slave Cluster servers  • Lead and/or participate in project activities Education Bachelor's ,,,,, Skills DATABASE, DATABASE DESIGN, SQL SERVER, SQL SERVER 2005, SQL SERVER 2008
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1492.html#549:::BUSINESS SYSTEMS ANALYST;INFORMATION ANALYTICS SPECIALIST;BUSINESS ANALYST/DATA WAREHOUSE ANALYST;DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR;Data analysis;Data warehousing;Sap;Data reporting;Presentation skills;Client support;Business analysis;Process improvements:::BUSINESS SYSTEMS ANALYST BUSINESS SYSTEMS ANALYST BUSINESS SYSTEMS ANALYST Knoxville, TN Work Experience BUSINESS SYSTEMS ANALYST United Healthcare - (Remote) April 2016 to July 2019 Functioned as the leading Report Developer & Analyst across the Provider Domain, offering superior business insight reporting. Oversaw ad-hoc and supporter data quality for Provider Contract, Provider Organization, Claims, and Pricing elements.  Technologies:HIVE, SSRS, Tableau, PowerBI, Big Data, SQL  Key Contributions & Accomplishments:  • Routinely utilized SSRS, Tableau, and PowerBI in HIVE to develop requested reports and analytics.  • Proficiently maintained all SSRS reporting for Data Source and Provider, transitioning older report data links to the new data link.  • Offered superior support and guidance, serving as a Technical Advisor for cross-functional teams.  • Properly provisioned data analysis and reporting for Claims impacted by Retro Change.  • Strategically developed reporting analytics using HIVEQL for Big Data, enabling clients to generate data-driven opportunities for growth.  • Developed reports that enabled retro changes to be analyzed and utilized in claims, saving overall costs. INFORMATION ANALYTICS SPECIALIST Sentara Healthcare - Virginia Beach, VA August 2016 to March 2018 In a multifaceted role, served as the leading Information Analytics Specialist assigned to provide proactive data analysis to clients and monitor programs for operational performance. Meticulously aligned reporting and analytics processes to cultivate ad-hoc metrics.  Technologies:Tableau, PowerBI, Ad-hoc Metrics, SQL Server    Key Contributions & Accomplishments:  • Maintained and administered elements of analytics Dashboards & Portals, ensuring the proper transition into Tableau.  • Diligently provided a seamless transition experience for the end-user, maintaining minimal downtime, and proficient data transfer. Following the transfer, allocated a new Visual Dashboard that enabled the client to serve as self-sufficient, using a self-serve Dashboard.  • Strategically provisioned data analysis and reporting for a high-level client, aligning reporting capabilities with critical needs.  • Researched, organized, and maintained ad-hoc data analysis for a principal client account, providing critical on-time information for immediate use and allocation. BUSINESS ANALYST/DATA WAREHOUSE ANALYST Anthem - Norfolk, VA November 2015 to August 2016 Directed oversight of all data warehousing content organization, allocation, and usage, updating the system, and performing reference data management (RDM). Diligently supported and administered relevant content according to current data policies and procedures, regularly updating incoming information.  Technologies:RDM, SQL, SSIS, Key Contributions & Accomplishments:  • Investigated, researched, and identified potential gaps, determining resolutions that cater to business user needs.  • Collaborated effectively with cross-functional teams, offering routine guidance and support on data warehousing and research-related tasks.  • Created and maintained data warehouse, ensuring continual data integrity.  • Established, implemented, and integrated all data structure design definitions, capabilities, SQL entries, and monitored data integrity issues.  • Developed and executed clear and concise user data definitions, ensuring adherence to all related policies, procedures, and protocols.  • Revitalized data based on information gathered from analysis and reporting, redefining business objectives, and offering data-driven opportunities for improvement. DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR Newport News ShipYard - Newport News, VA May 2012 to September 2015 As a Database Administration Professional, provided exceptional data support and advisement to senior management in addition to internal and external users. Strategically developed access database and related peripherals for report automation, augmentation, and training efforts. Regularly performed system maintenance, including upgrades and testing. Developed and implemented metrics and reports using: SAP, SAS, Cognos Report Studio, Microsoft Access.  Technologies:SAP, SAS, Cognos Report Studio, Microsoft Access  Key Contributions & Accomplishments:  • Drastically improved overall interactions between senior leadership, cross-functional teams, and end-users.  • Developed and implemented new business solutions, pioneering new technological advancements that significantly improved data integrity and analysis automation.  • Meticulously translated technical requirements into practical business-centric information that effectively offered clientele database reports.    Technical Proficiencies  Platforms: Unix; Solaris; Windows; Mac OS  Tools: Cogno Report Studio; SAP; JD Edwards EnterpriseOne Data Interface; Microsoft Office Suite/O365 (Word, Access, Excel, Outlook); VBA; C++; SAS & SQL; Terradata; SSIS Package; SQL Server 2008/2012; Tableau, SAP Business Objects; Lumedx; Apollo; Armus; Hive QL; DeBeaver; PowerBI; SSRS; Hadoop Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Systems Saint Augustine's College - Raleigh, NC Skills Data analysis, Data warehousing, Sap, Data reporting, Presentation skills, Client support, Business analysis, Process improvements
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1493.html#550:::Office Assistant;Cafe Associate;AmeriCorps VISTA Member;Database Administrator;Delivery Driver;Crew Member;Billing;MS Office;Data Entry;Filing:::Office Assistant Office Assistant Office Assistant - Eagle Island State Park Boise, ID Work Experience Office Assistant Eagle Island State Park March 2019 to Present Promptly respond to information requests in person, via email, and phone  ? Prepare correspondence and maintain required records and files  ? Handle money including balancing and closing cash register, completing sales transmittals and making bank deposits Cafe Associate Panera Bread October 2018 to March 2019 Provided outstanding customer service through delivery, cashiering, drive-thru, and dining room  ? Worked with fellow associates as a team, and adhere to company safety procedures  ? Cross-trained throughout the cafe in order to remain well rounded in the company AmeriCorps VISTA Member The Arc of Idaho March 2018 to October 2018 Developed a sales and marketing plan for donation programs  ? Finalized necessary paperwork promptly as donations take place  ? Aided in recreational and vocational activities for people with disabilities Database Administrator Northwest Information Center May 2016 to December 2017 Performed daily data entry, processing, and hygiene tasks on historical records, reports and maps  ? Scanned, uploaded, and filed reports and resources  ? Continuously learned a variety of new and updating technology, including Microsoft Office and GIS Delivery Driver Mary's Pizza Shack December 2016 to September 2017 Fulfilled daily back of house needs, including but not limited to peeling, dicing, and cutting of items  ? Delivered food hot, fresh, and in a timely and accurate manner with exceptional customer service  ? Ensured nightly sanitization of all appliances, removal of trash, and floor sweeping and mopping Crew Member Sonoma State University Culinary November 2013 to January 2016 Set up and closed the food station, prepared food, and interacted with customers  ? For 3 semesters, managed dining and/or dishroom of up to 10 employees and trained on essential duties  ? Attention to detail and flexibility displayed as last minute changes and new circumstances arise Education Bachelor of Arts in Anthropology in Anthropology Sonoma State University May 2016 Skills Billing, MS Office, Data Entry, Filing
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1494.html#551:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle DBA;Sr. Oracle DBA;Oracle DBA;Oracle DBA/Developer;DATABASES (7 years);ORACLE (7 years);UNIX (6 years);LOADER (6 years);SQL (6 years):::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> 8+ Years of IT Experience as an Oracle Database Administration Encompassing Installation, Configuration, Patch Installation, Migration, Upgrades, Backup & Recovery, Cloning, Replication, Database Security, Memory Management, Data Modeling, Performance Monitoring, Tuning, RAC, Data Guard, Grid Control, Golden Gate and Enterprise Manager.    • Experience as On-Call 24x7 production DBA support, application/development DBA.  • Extensive knowledge on database administration for Oracle 11g/10g/9i, with experience in very large scale database environment and mission critical large OLTP and OLAP systems.  • Installed Standalone server on 11GR2 Linux 5.8.  • Installed Oracle 12c database on Linux server.  • Upgraded database from 11.2.0.3 to 12.1.0.1 on Linux.  • Installed 11g 6 node production RAC CLUSTERWARE and DATABASE on Linux.  • Experienced in installation and maintenance of ORACLE 10g and 11gr2 RAC 2 node and adding a node to this cluster database for high availability.  • Hands on experience on building 11gr2 RAC databases on EXADATA X2-2 HALF RACK servers.  • Experience in a variety of hardware and software platforms including; MS-Windows, NT Server, UNIX/Linux, Sun Solaris, HP-UX & AIX and RHEL.  • Knowledge of administering E-Business Suite R12.  • Involved in upgrading of Oracle Application E-Business suite from R12.0.6 to R12.2.4.  • Hands on experience in Oracle 10g/11g RAC implementation & administration (Oracle Clusterware setup and configuration, RAC installation using ASM, Grid Installation.)  • Good experience RAC Clusterware administration, Configuration and Patching, RAC Backup and Recovery.  • Involved in construction of Disaster Recovery (DR) for all the production databases.  • Extensive experience in Dataguard configuration, implementing and monitoring standby databases.  • Hands on experience in Grid control, Golden Gate Replication.  • Performance Tuning: Tuned various large critical OLAP and OLTP databases of Tera bytes size using various tools like STATSPACK, AWR, SQLTrace, SQL profiles, SQL baselines Tkprof, Analyze, ADDM and Explain Plan Methods.  • Setup Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) 10g & Grid Control (11g) for database monitoring/performance/diagnostics.  • Extensive knowledge in Database Backup and Recovery concepts using RMAN utilities (scheduling full/incremental/cumulative backups, hot/cold backups writing/editing UNIX Shell Scripts for RMAN)  • Experience in LOGICAL BACKUPS and Database migration tools with DATA PUMP, Export/Import and Transportable Tablespaces.  • Experience on Data Replication using Snapshot, Materialized views, import/export. Experience in upgrading ORACLE from 10.2.0.X to 11.2.0.3 out of place upgrade.  • Extensive experience in Oracle Upgrades, Critical Patch Updates (CPU), Patch Set Updates (PSU) and other oracle patches.  • Good understanding of database block corruption.  • Knowledge and experience on Data Warehouse using ETL.  • Proficient in SQL, PL/SQL, Stored Procedures, Functions, Cursors and Triggers and extensively used TOAD for querying databases etc.  • Exposed to Data Warehouse assignments in various domains like Medical services, Sales, Insurance, Financial & Bank, Inventory Distribution, and Production Data warehouses  • Extensive experience in configuring and implementing ASM and proficiency in using ASMCMD and ASMLIB, Flash-Back Technology.  • Experience in implementation of enterprise databases on enterprise Storage Solutions using Storage area Networks (SAN) / Network Attached Storage (NAS)  • Experience in database cloning with RMAN, Capacity Planning, Database Refresh and patch management.  • Experienced in maintaining databases on large Production, Testing and DEV environments.  • Developed database monitoring/health check alert scripts for database uptime/downtime status, and sizing issues using grid control (OEM)  • Excellent Communication skills, co-ordination and communication with system administrators, business data analysts and development teams Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator AT&T - Atlanta, GA August 2016 to Present Responsibilities:  • Installation, Configuration and maintenance of oracle 10g, 11g on UNIX, Windows Platforms.  • Supporting 24*7 production databases with on-call Phone.  • Resolving database, applications performance issues using tools like OEM Grid Control, Oracle SQLT, ADDM, AWR Diagnostic and tuning packages.  • Migration of databases from Oracle 9i, 10g to 11g.  • Day to day troubleshooting of environments which includes fixing issues and supporting various components of oracle applications - Forms, Apache, Concurrent Manager, SOA and SSC services, apps login etc.  • Upgrading JDK versions from 1.5 to 1.6 and JRE versions to 1.7, 1.8  • Configuration of Standby Database for Disaster Recovery using Data guard.  • Refreshing the Test, Prod, DEV databases from the Production Live Data.  • Set up, configuring, monitoring scripts and maintain the daily maintenance jobs, hot backups using shell scripts.  • Recovery of Database (Recovering from Media Failure, Recovering tables dropped accidentally, Recovering data files, Recovering from Block Corruption)  • Resolving locks, blocking objects, killing inactive sessions, compiling invalid objects if needed.  • Applying oracle recommended CPU and PSU patches on Databases which are tracked under IPC (interactive Patching Console)  • Moving objects using FNDLOAD, managing the concurrent managers and its operations. Working on Replication issues Mview, goldengate, streams.  • Supporting the different versions of ExaData with latest versions included.  • Working on Bulk Migration, Instance Refreshes and User account issues like forks, Passwords expire etc using AT & T defined specific packages.  • Working with utilities like TOAD, EXP/IMP, SQL Loader, SQL Analyze and Oracle Supplied DBMS_PACKAGE  • Interacting with the Oracle support on Service Requests and implementing the solutions provided for successful completion of the tasks.  • Working with Development Teams for Deploying Scripts.    Environment:  Oracle 11gR1/R2, UNIX (Sun Solaris), Golden Gate, Oracle E-Business suite R12 Oracle DBA Walgreens Corporate, Washington September 2014 to July 2016 Responsibilities:  • Assisted in management and database administration of Oracle database applications on Exadata platforms.  • Allocating system storage and planning future storage requirements for the database system.  • Involved with day to day tasks and user related Application support issues  • Creating primary database storage structures (tablespaces) after application developers have designed an application.  • Performed Database Refresh from Production to QA, UAT and Development databases.  • Performed the 12c Upgrade of RAC cluster ware from 11g.  • Creating primary objects (tables, views, indexes) once application developers have designed an application.  • Modifying the database structure, as necessary, from information given by application developers.  • Cloned schemas, objects and data on new server using Data pump.  • Used Data Pump extensively for logical backups and schema migrations between environments.  • Enrolling users and maintaining system security.  • Ensuring compliance with your Oracle license agreement.  • Controlling and monitoring user access to the database.  • Monitoring and optimizing the performance of the database.  • Applied Rolling Patch in RAC environment.  • Planning and scheduling for backup and recovery of database information.  • Maintaining archived data on tape.  • Remedy for Change Control Management for Ticketing Services.  • Migrated code between environments as part of the change management process.  • Experience in regular DBA activities such as Upgrades, Patches, Cloning, Backups and Recovery Manager, Performance Tuning, Capacity Planning and documentation  • Migration of databases from 10g to 11g using export/import and data pump export/import utilities.  • Used Unix Shell Scripting for auto customize database creation.  • Responsible for importing and exporting database and objects as per the requirements.  • Exporting and purging the old data as per the business requirements.  • Implemented Data guard, creating both logical and physical standby databases in 10g and 11g RAC environment for production database.  • Scheduling the backups for the database using Enterprise Manager 12C cloud control.    Environment: Exadata, Oracle 11gR2, RAC, ASM, Data Guard, Linux, OEM Grid Control Sr. Oracle DBA Department Of Pennsylvania May 2013 to August 2014 Responsibilities:  • Installation, configuration and maintenance of Oracle 10g and 11g database on SUN SOLARIS.  • Configured Physical Standby for Production databases and converted Physical standby to  Snapshot Standby and ACTIVE data-guard.  • Installed, configured and maintained Oracle 2 /3 Node Real Application Cluster.  • Monitoring Health checks of OCR, VOTING DISKS and Interconnect for better performance and troubleshooting issues in RAC environment (11GR2)  • Configured disaster recovery databases using Data guard and perform switchover & failover and monitor using Data Guard Manager command line  • Applying specific bug-fixing patches, security patches, and patch sets across all the environments on Standalone Databases  • Upgradation of Grid Infrastructure and Oracle Databases from 11.2.0.1 to 11.2.0.3 on 3 node RAC environment.  • Migration of databases from 10g to 11g using export/import and data pump export/import utilities.  • Migrated the Database from Non-ASM to ASM.  • Monitoring Day-to-Day Backups, Log's & recovering them as per the requirement.  • Configured and Implemented Cold/Hot Backups.  • Wrote unix shell scripts for daily backups.  • Taking the RMAN incremental and cumulative backups.  • Weekly Data Refresh from Production to Development and Test environments using data pump export/import.  • Providing Application Support for performance and database related issues.  • Implementation and configuration of Oracle GOLDEN GATE.  • Implemented Golden Gate for data recovery and data migration for Oracle 11gR1 RAC multi nodes on LINUX and debugging Golden Gate issues such as extract, replicate rebuild and abend.  • Scheduling the databases backup using Cron tab  • Extensive experience in RMAN recovery in RAC and stand-alone database.  • Created a Clone Database using RMAN on remote Server and used SRVCTL commands for Real Application Cluster (RAC) Databases.  • Implemented Data guard, creating both logical and physical standby databases in 10g and 11g RAC environment for production database.  • Scheduling the backups for the database using Enterprise Manager 12C cloud control.  • Cloned schemas, objects and data between servers using Data pump.  • Configured Oracle Transparent Application Failover (TAF) setting for Production databases.  • Experience in performing backup and recovery operations using RMAN.  • Restoration and Recovery of databases at the times of occurrence of critical failures.  • Performed Block Recovery and Data file recovery using RMAN.  • Performed database refresh from production to test environment in both RAC and NON RAC environment using RMAN.  • Performed data refresh at Table level, Schema level, Tablespace level using DATAPUMP.  • Performed Application Tuning by tuning queries, identifying problematic code, creation of indexes, re-writing queries using an optimized path, creation of materialized Views and gathering necessary statistics on objects.  • Created User accounts, Roles and granting required access permissions and privileges to the database based on the applications they are accessing.  • Performance Tuning for the SQL queries which are Running slow and consuming high  Resources.  • Involvement in day to day activities like Space management, rectification of Lock problems, managing quotas, Table partitioning to improve I/O access.  • Alert log Monitoring for critical databases every day in the production environment.    Environment: Oracle 10g, 11g, SQL, Oracle Grid Control, UNIX, Oracle Enterprise Manager Database Control, DB2, TOAD, SQL Developer, SQL*Loader, NT, Sun Solaris, ASM, Golden gate, RAC, RMAN, AWR, ADDM, ASH, TTS, Data pumps, Exports/Imports. Oracle DBA Cargill, Minneapolis December 2012 to April 2013 Responsibilities:  • Configuration the database on Exadata and upgrading the database from 10g to 11g.  • Configuration of Database with FAST START FAIL OVER for maximum availability.  • Manually configuration of ASM through commands.  • Extensively worked on Installation and Maintenance of SQL Server 2012/2008R2 on Test, Development and Production Environments  • Database Backup and restores, and periodical database refreshes  • Refreshing the Database from production to Non Production using Auto refresh Process.  • Configuration of Physical Standby database for maximum performance mode, Maximum Availability- Oracle Data Guard by using OEM 12c.  • Installation, Configuration and Maintenance of Oracle RDBMS and Client software in various environments.  • Migration of databases from 10g to 11g using export/import and data pump export/import utilities  • Oracle Agent installation OEM 12c, ORACLE HOME, GRID HOME.  • Worked on Operational side for Disk Space, Log Space, Blocking and Deadlock issues, Use log shipping for synchronization of database.  • Managed Security using SQL Logins, Roles and Security Modes for various users.  • Created Database Maintenance Plans for the performance of SQL Server which covers Database Integrity checks, update database Statistics and Re-indexing.  • Patching SAP databases in AIX and LINUX server.  • Setup of Jobs using the Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) 12c and 11g. Auto refresh process and RMAN backups in OEM 12c  • Weekly Data Refresh from Production to Development and Test environments using data pump export/import, Auto Refresh.  • Loading data into database tables using SQL *Loader  • Implemented Materialized views, database links  • Performed day-to-day activities such as creating users, roles, schemas, tables, views, indexes and rebuilding Indexes and running scripts given by the clients.  • Table space monitoring, Performance monitoring and tuning for performance improvement  • Creating batch files and automating the tasks  • Granting roles and privileges to end users  • Managing, troubleshooting and resolving oracle database and application issues.  • Daily healthcheck up of the database using TKPROF, AWR, ADDM.  • Monitoring alert log/system log.  • Managing Database Locks and blocking sessions    Environment: Oracle 11g, 10g, 9i, ExaData, Linux, UNIX Windows 2003, SQL Server 2008, Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 11g 12c, RDBMS, SQLPLUS, RAC Oracle DBA/Developer Soft Planet Technologies - Hyderabad, Telangana April 2011 to August 2012 Responsibilities:  • Backup Script creation and Standardization. Performed Database Installation and up gradation.  • Created materialized views, table partition for Tuned databases.  • Created indexes, rebuild indexes and maintained indexes.  • Involved in user creation and user access control. Involved in Schema creation and management.  • Implemented Oracle security features and audit mechanisms for Fine grained access control.  • Maintained the RMAN repository and customized recovery catalog.  • Created Logical and Physical standby Databases to ascertain high availability of database during system crashes.  • Performed database tuning for daily loads and slow response issues.  • Used Triggers for database activities, like delete, update triggers.  • Used STATSPACK, PERFSTAT and TKPROF utilities for Tuning and analysis.  • Involved in session management and monitored the critical wait events in the database.  • Involved In query optimization and using rule based optimizers and cost based optimizers.  Environment: Oracle 8i, 9i, SQL, Oracle Enterprise Manager Database Control, SQL Developer, PL/SQL, SQL*Loader, NT. Education Bachelors of Engineering in Engineering Rajiv Gandhi Proudyogiki Vishwavidyalaya Skills DATABASES (7 years), ORACLE (7 years), UNIX (6 years), LOADER (6 years), SQL (6 years) Additional Information TECHINICAL SKILLS:  Databases Oracle 11g/10g/9i/8i, Oracle 12C/11gR1 R2/10g  Operating Systems UNIX, Sun Solaris, Windows XP/2000/2003, Linux Red Hat.  Languages SQL, PL/SQL, XML, UNIX Shell Scripting  Oracle Utility RMAN, OEM, Export/Import, Data Pump, SQL*Loader, DB Verify, Log Miner, ASM CMD, Data Guard, Golden Gate.  Performance Tuning Grid control, Toad, Quest SQL Optimizer, SQL Baselines, STATSPACK, TKPROF, AWR, ADDM, ASH report, SQL profile  Tools TOAD, SQL* Loader Utility, OEM Grid Control, RMAN, NETCA, DBCA, SRVCTL, ORCAD  Microsoft Office Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Excel  Methodologies Agile, Scrum, Waterfall
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1495.html#552:::AWRDS Manager;Database Administrator;Logistics Analyst;Material Handler;Supply Technician;Sales Manager;Accounts Manager;Operations;training;Scheduling;Inventory;Management (10+ years);Microsoft Office (10+ years);Database Management (5 years);Database Administration (5 years);Implementation (5 years);Customer Service (10+ years);Inventory Management (10+ years);Inventory Control (10+ years);SQL (5 years);Sharepoint (5 years);Network Security (4 years):::AWRDS Manager AWRDS Manager AWRDS Manager - CGI Federal, Kandahar, Jalalabad Atlanta, GA Work Experience AWRDS Manager CGI Federal, Kandahar, Jalalabad - Bagram, AF April 2018 to Present • Provide AWRDS training for all government personnel (military, civilian and contractor)  • Provide an updated Continuity of Operations Plan (COOP) at 3 sites annually to instruct all recovery teams of existing procedures, and validate existing processes.  • Develop, modify, and delete obsolete queries and test the suitability/functionality for on-line, off-line batch or stored queries  • Reported Information Assurance Vulnerability Alert (IAVA) compliance via the Army's Compliance Reporting Database 2 (CRD2)  • Create and manage all user accounts administered under the principle of least privilege  • Provide annual user reviews to the Accountable Officer (AO) for audit  • Monitor performance of the AWRDS application and all other entities associated  • Initiate Implementation plans for AWRDS updates and patches Database Administrator CGI Federal, Kandahar, Jalalabad - Bagram, AF May 2015 to April 2018 • Provide training on program changes upon release of new software versions and hardware to system users.  • Database performance monitoring, backup and recovery operations  • Database synchronization monitoring and troubleshooting  • Create and maintain database objects, e.g., schemas, tables, segments, etc.  • Develop, modify and delete obsolete queries and test the suitability/functionality for on-line, off-line batch or stored queries  • Test the installation of DBMS updates and releases prior to implementation into a production environment via the Government host facility computer service provider's guidelines and time frames  • Maintain all servers and ensure that replication is occurring to all databases on a daily basis and data is 100% replicated Logistics Analyst CGI Federal, Mazir-e-Sharif, Kandahar - Bagram, AF August 2014 to May 2015 • Perform duties in accordance with guidelines stated in DS/GS internal SOP and all applicable Army Technical Manuals, DA Pams and regulations  • Provide timely completion of work requests and MRO's received are entered within the AWRDS system within 24 hours  • Maintain electronic status updates, man-hour accounting and all items not received for work order or requisitions that are to be signed for on a DA 3161  • Thorough utilization of AdHoc queries to execute daily reports for tracking various sensitive items.  • Analyze quantities of over $2.8B of non-rolling and rolling stock to prepare for Operation Enduring Freedom Retrograde Draw-down  • Track turn-in and redistribution of government equipment to include ARI, CECOM, AMCOM, SOCOM, PME, Force Provider and TACOM equipment and validate all data entry in LMP/AWRDS  • Open, close and register work orders in OneSource  • Full utilization of Army Logistics Information Warehouse (LIW) LOGSA  • Full utilization of FEDLOG to determine Source of Supply (SOS) for all equipment in theater Material Handler Deluxe Corporation, Bags and Bows Inc - Lithia Springs, GA April 2014 to August 2014 • Unload vendor inbound shipments and verifying accuracy  • Schedule orders for plants for appropriate delivery  • Receive product from press production area into system  • Deliver roll to press  • Complete cycle counts. Fill replenishment  • Operate UPS shipping equipment & prepare packages for pick up  • Coordinate equipment returns between plants  • Work with various computer programs and software such as SAP, WM (warehouse material) and Lotus  • Utilization Notes, Excel, RF radios and scanners to streamline warehouse operations  • Utilization of the Roll Clamp trucks, RC trucks, TSP trucks, hand & electric Walkie jacks, stretch wrap machine and banding equipment Supply Technician 402nd AFSB Tallil, Iraq/Camp Arifjan - KW April 2011 to June 2012 • Learned quickly cutting-edge logistical and tracking systems to monitor $3.47M of non-rolling stock and rolling stock for Operation Iraqi Freedom draw-down.  • Utilize Army War Reserve Deployment System (AWRDS) and created metric spreadsheets to insure material requirements for short, long-range, special, and priority projects are met.  • Compile daily reports for tracking of receipts processed, IDTs requested and MROs received from Life Cycle Management Command to accomplish accountability, visibility and velocity of all equipment leaving Theater.  • Analyze quantities of over $1.18B of non-rolling stock to prepare for Operations Iraqi Freedom Retrograde Draw-down, which resulted in zero errors on the daily Error Report.  • Maintain contact with zone supervisors as to material status and actual or potential problems.  • Provide technical assistance in the processing of Material Release Orders and data from Life Cycle Management Command to author daily reports of tracking receipts, reconcile logistical and accounting discrepancies and make recommendations on optimal action plans.  • Boost operational efficiency 16% by effectively solving problems while meeting objectives.  • Track turn-in and redistribution of government equipment to include ARI, CECOM, AMCOM, MEDCOM and TACOM equipment and validate all data entry in LMP/AWRDS. Sales Manager Aaron's Rents Inc - Atlanta, GA December 2007 to November 2010 • Provide a detailed analysis of all merchandise received and shipped from store through data entry processing  • Perform a weekly inventory scan and reconciliation within a twenty four hour period of initiation  • Inspect all new and return merchandise through company quality assurance guidelines.  • Individually assign and label every piece of merchandise  • Daily marketing  • Supervision of five to ten employees  • Provide the customer with the best customer service via email, telephone, fax or in person Accounts Manager Aaron's Rents Inc - Atlanta, GA December 2007 to November 2010 • Perform a throughout explanation of the terms of lease and determine proper lease agreements based on detailed information provided by the leasee  • Daily database management  • Provide positive debt solutions in conjunction with fair debt practices  • Manage heavy outbound and inbound call activity  • Re-write contracts and negotiate the terms of the new agreement  • Closing and termination of all agreements Education Bachelor of Science in Business Management in Business Management McNeese State University December 2005 Diploma Leesville High School - Leesville, LA May 2001 Skills Operations, training, Scheduling, Inventory, Management (10+ years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), Database Management (5 years), Database Administration (5 years), Implementation (5 years), Customer Service (10+ years), Inventory Management (10+ years), Inventory Control (10+ years), SQL (5 years), Sharepoint (5 years), Network Security (4 years) Certifications/Licenses Security+ March 2015 to March 2021
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1496.html#553:::VP SQL Developer;Business Developer;AVP Business Intelligence Developer;Data Analyst/ Programmer;Data Warehouse Mgr;Database Administrator / Programmer;Data Analyst;Data manipulation;Database;Foxpro;Visual foxpro;Ms access:::VP SQL Developer VP SQL Developer VP SQL Developer - Bank of America Brooklyn, NY Work Experience VP SQL Developer Bank of America May 2017 to Present • Design database architecture and user interfaces and facilitate user acceptance testing  • Create a dot.NET program to combine nth number of Power Point slides into one  • Create store procedures, design schema and run monthly reports  • Develop and maintain workflow documentations  • Develop, test and enhance desktop applications using dot.NET, MS SQL server and Python  • Build and lead team of quantitative analysts, and data scientist to create data centric culture  • Oversight and monitor of teams monthly review deck and provide guidance  • Use Fact Set and Morning Star codes to draw portfolio absolute and excess returns  • Use Microsoft SQL server to calculate 12 month and inception to date of portfolio turnover  • Create database that consolidate portfolios AUM, return, attribution, allocation (weights), and composite return  • Design /Re-engineer process using programming languages such as R, Python, VBA and SQL.  • Thoroughly tested the procedures against defects and bugs and fix them as necessary.  • Mentor, trained and coached analyst, data scientist and developer and lead them to continuously improve the process  • Quality check the 28scodes from different source files and make sure they are correct.  • Design a digital accounting database system that tracks portfolios weight, AUM, and attributions.  • Oversee a virtual group in India, provide guidance to them to help us run and maintain routine report. Business Developer Pension Board December 2016 to April 2017 • Enhanced processes  • Spoke to business users regarding their issues and provide guidance  • Documented programs, procedures, applications and workflow  • Introduced dot.NET and VBA programming to the technology department to help perform data analysis  • Introduced MS SQL server to the technology department to help stored Omni data to run reports  • Suggested ideas or reengineered methodology i.e created a repository directory for metrics and data related work  • Loaded Omni text file into MS SQL server  • Created user friendly forms that allow users to interact with them to perform task independently  • Collaborated with department members on outstanding issues  • Resolved JIRA ticketing issues  • Collaborated with Business Group and collaborated with technology partners on projects  • Reengineered process to help enhance business workflow  • Ran and document monthly and quarterly reports to monitor key risk areas AVP Business Intelligence Developer Bank of America October 2014 to May 2016 • Performed Data mining from our ORACLE and MIDAS (DB2) data warehouse utilizing TOAD  • Created Dashboards such as trend line, line graphs, bar and column charts  • Worked with financial products such as derivatives, fixed income, annuities and mutual funds  • Worked with Micro-strategy to create templates/ reports  • Used python to combined, read, and write to files  • Create logical and physical design database fields and tables to incorporate the trade weights and total  • Performed user acceptance testing on the completed software  • Created python to perform manual task via GUI automation  • Used python to searched text in Excel, and Word  • Provided support for ad-hoc data and research request from the business group  • Prepared SEC Regulatory reporting in relation to FA and client's trading activities  • Proactively managed and seek solutions on outstanding day to day task and activities  • Created python programs to search for files in directories  • Created dashboard guide that would help future onboard individuals to gain different reporting ideas  • Created VBA and python programs to performed data related task as well as to search and merge files  • Worked with financial products in our Actimize and Midas data warehouse system  • Designed and re-engineered processes  • Wrote and document technical specifications Data Analyst/ Programmer JPMorgan Chase (Randstad) (AML - CLS & E&A) January 2014 to September 2014 • Collaborated and work with the QT team to resolve data issues and the reporting process  • ETL - Extract from our vendor system (Bridger/ Halo)  • Transformed data with tools, Load data onto SharePoint for use  • Created programs in VBA that improve and automate tedious and manual tasks  • Worked with OFAC, FINCEN314a, Negative Media and PEP data pull  • Performed data analysis and data management for the QT AML team  • Created different test scripts to analyzed the QT team in the AML environment  • Designed test scripts based on business requirements  • Used the test scripts to analyze risk level of Negative Media, FINCENT, PEP and OFAC  • Linked charts, graphs and tables from PowerPoint to Excel  • Used python to send Email and check Email Inbox  • Used VLookups, pivot tables extensively in data manipulation  • Created python to perform manual task via GUI automation  • Documented requirement, processes and applications development related works  • Debugged and fixed code of programs that were created  • Interacted with Managers and QT team members on reporting and sampling issues  • Created python to searched text, and combined files  • Guided and teach onboarding individuals about the program, processes and procedures Data Warehouse Mgr Primeshares April 2008 to April 2010 • Updated resolved issues to stakeholder  • Ensured project meets baseline and standard set by stakeholders  • Updated project requirement after learning of changes  • Supported various account managers by maintaining the SLX SQL database server  • Converted and manipulated claims in PDF documents into excel for mailing and importing onto SLX SQL server  • Prepared report in excluding all amount that is less than $50K and see how many claims we have left  • Worked in the operation support function of IT that helped streamline processes related to data manipulation  • Performed hands on technical work on DBA work in SLX, SQL server and Visual Basic Excel applications  • Modeled data and the steps taken to efficiently streamline the process  • Performed data integration and mapping between source data and its destination  • Rolled out developed application interface for use for data manipulation and reporting  • Documented processes and applications development related works  • Automated data retrieval and reporting processes to optimize efficiencies  • Gathered data requirements from different sources and used it for analysis and report creation  • GUI automation via python to filled out forms  • Meet with users to understand needs and conduct training  • Tested programmed applications and see how it reacts to different sources  • Performed extensively the function of ETL to streamline time consuming process  • Created python program to download data from the web Database Administrator / Programmer Bank of NY Mellon October 2007 to March 2008 • Reviewed and analyzed the par difference between sentry and asset solution per each issuer  • Reconciled principal and interest in CDO sentry  • Prepared for monthly and quarterly payment report  • Met with CDO analyst on a daily basis to obtain source info for analysis  • Modeled data between different source of data and how we can use it to perform reconciliation between them  • Wrote complex if, if else, nested if and if then statements  • Collaborated with team leader in doing hypo testing and reconciliation between CDO sentry and CDO admin  • Resolved any principal, interest, and par discrepancies with Admin, Asset Solution and Sentry  • Performed hypothetical trade test  • Created, managed and manipulated databases for various complex and dynamic reporting needs  • Compared margin and maturity date with sentry and Asset Solution and resolved any differences  • Utilized advanced programming skills to develop high quality reports  • Mapped data between our record, asset solution and admin Data Analyst Wilson Elser June 2006 to October 2007 • Enhanced and streamline project phase to reduce redundancy task  • Fixed bugs regarding to the developed VBA applications  • Altered the codes of the VBA applications and redesign of reports base on the changing need of the business  • Prepared weekly, monthly and quarterly financial statements and reviewed attorney's financial statements and reports  • Analyzed client snapshot for each attorney, how much he/she is collecting and what status their invoices are in  • Exported client's AR from AS/400 database for analysis  • Summarized attorney's invoice for each client they worked on and its total amount  • Wrote Visual Basic codes (macros) and used pivot table, v-lookup, charts and formulas in creating financial reports  • Produced e-bills not submitted report and analyzed them to determine their total outstanding cost  • Designed and developed presentations and Excel based models that enhance and ease our clients workflows  • Created inner and outer joins of tables on SQL viewpoint  • Analyzed, created and reviewed detailed financial models  • Worked extensively with the program administrator in the daily need of client's information  • Worked with AS400 and Sequel Viewpoint Financial Systems Education Certificate New York University, School of Computer Science and Engineering - New York, NY Master of Science in Computer Science Pace University, Lubin School of Business - New York, NY Skills Data manipulation, Database, Foxpro, Visual foxpro, Ms access
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1497.html#554:::MS SQL Server DBA;SQL Server DBA Consultant;SQL Server DBA Consultant;Associate Database Administrator:::MS SQL Server DBA MS SQL Server DBA MS SQL Server DBA - Wells Fargo Washington, DC • Over 6 years of experience in Database Administration, System Analysis, Design, Development and Support of MS SQL Server 2014/ 2012/ 2008 R2/ 2008/ 2005 in Production, Test, Development, Replication and Cluster Server Environments.  • Expertise in Database Administration on Production Servers with Server Configuration, Performance Tuning and maintenance with outstanding troubleshooting capabilities.  • Experience on High Availability/Disaster Recovery (HADR) solutions; Failover Clusters and AlwaysOn Availability Groups, Replication, Log Shipping and Mirroring.  • Experienced in Upgrade/Migration of MS SQL Server 2008 to MS SQL Server 2008R2, from SQL Server 2012 and SQL Server 2014.  • Experience working with application team and implemented databases as per the specification from LOB applications.  • Experienced in installation, configuration, maintenance and optimization of SQL Server HADR solutions.  • Experienced with partially contained databases.  • Experienced in Backup and Recovery, Query Optimization and Security.  • Experienced in monitoring the health and performance of SQL servers as well as home grown applications using SQL Server native tools and several other third party solutions.  • Adept at T-SQL, stored procedures, tables, indexes, views, functions, and triggers.  • Expert in creating DTS packages to utilize SSIS functionalities and DB dependency resolutions.  • Created various SSIS, SSRS and SSAS Packages to serve company needs.  • Familiar with PCI Compliance Standards required for Retail Industry.  • Expert in using DTA/Extended Events/PerfMon/SQL Profiler/Scripts and other third party tools to resolve bottlenecks, dead locks and slow running queries.  • Able to benchmark and load test new instance builds for performance with DB load simulators.  • Responsible for securing SQL Server, user management, assigning permissions and roles.  • Good Knowledge of LiteSpeed, Diagnostic Manager and Log explorer for MS SQL Server.  • Strong System Administration background in Windows and Linux environments.  • Experienced in creating technical documentations and process archiving and change management.  • Experienced in working independently as well as in team-oriented environments.  • Expert in problem solving, analysis and conflict resolutions.  • Experienced in supporting and maintaining large databases and troubleshooting their problems.  • Excellent analytical, communication and interpersonal skills. Work Experience MS SQL Server DBA Wells Fargo - Washington, DC February 2016 to Present Wells Fargo is a 4th largest American multinational banking and financial services company in America. Working as a SQL database administrator with L2 support team.  Responsibilities:  • As a production L2 support, we are responsible for resolving incident tickets escalated from L1 support and handling critical incidents(Sev1, Sev2 high)  • Providing SQL Server implementation changes requested from application teams.  • Responsible for installing, configuring, and maintaining as per supported LOB applications.  • Writing and improving SQL Server T-SQL queries  • Created necessary T-SQL scripts, stored procedures, tables, views, functions, triggers and indexes.  • Responsible for providing SQL Server problem resolution and 24x7 production support and server outages.  • Responsible for disaster recovery and high availability solutions and large scale database migrations from SQL server 2005 to SQL server 2008R2 and 2012.  • Created and migrated partially contained databases within AlwaysOn Availability Groups.  • Created automation of day to day operations, critical SQL server alerts and repetitive tasks.  • Monitored the health and performance of SQL, server instances and home grown applications using Extended Events, SQL server Profiler, PerfMon and other third party tools.  • Tested newly built servers for performance impact with DB load simulators.  • Setup and maintained Log Shipping between various environments.  • Created necessary T-SQL scripts, stored procedures, tables, views, functions, triggers and indexes.  • Operated and oversaw database and log backups and restoration, planning backup strategies, and scheduling.  • Backed up master & system databases and restoring them when necessary.  • Optimized the Indexes, adding/deleting them when necessary for better performance.  • Verified backups and error logs on the servers and troubleshoot any failures or alert problems, and open trouble tickets if necessary to work with technicians from other departments.  • Responsible for Installing, configuring and maintaining SQL failover clustering for production environments.  • Worked with installation, configuration and creation of SSRS.  • Deciding whether clustering, log shipping, mirroring, replication, etc are the right fit to solve a business problem  • On-call troubleshooting for SQL Server service outages  • Responsible for securing SQL Server, user management, and taking care of permissions and roles.  Environment: Microsoft SQL Server 2014/2012/2008R2 Enterprise and Standard Editions, Windows 2012/2008R2, Clustering, AlwaysOn, Mirroring, replication, SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Profiler, Performance Monitor, SSIS, SSRS, Microsoft Visual Studio 2012, TOAD for MYSQL, Microsoft Office 2013, Mongo DB. SQL Server DBA Consultant UHG - Phoenix, AZ February 2013 to December 2015 UnitedHealthcare, serves key markets and geographic regions with a broad range of health benefit products and services for both consumers and benefit sponsors.  Responsibilities:  • Installed and configured SQLServer2008 R2/ SQLServer2008 with backup jobs, database mail and configuration options.  • Upgraded SQL Servers with latest service packs.  • Migrated SQL Server databases from SQL Server 2005 to SQL Server 2008 R2.  • Created, administered & maintained SQL Server Databases on Production, Test and Staging for various groups and ensured the availability of the database Servers.  • Configured and maintained transactional replication for flow of data from QA and Dev. Server to the replica servers.  • Monitored data activities like database status, logs, space utilization, locks and long transactions.  • Implemented SQL standards in writing stored procedures, Triggers, Views, SQL functions.  • Involved in resolving deadlock and blocking issues for concurrent users.  • Worked with developers to optimize the code if required to minimize the duration and look if the indexes were used appropriately.  • Provided appropriate access to users except system databases owners.  • Refreshed databases for pre or post data loads activities.  • Supported SQL server developers working on different projects with various requests.  • Converted and redesigned existing DTS packages to SSIS packages.  • Developed SSIS packages to import and export data from existing systems to upgraded system.  • Used database utility programs and 3rd party utilities to monitor database performance, such as  Blocking, expensive queries, Memory utilization.  Environment: MS SQL Server 2008R2/2008/2005, T-SQL, Lite Speed, SQL Profiler, Log Shipping, Replication, Mirroring, Clustering, Windows 2003/2008 Server and ERWIN. SQL Server DBA Consultant Orange and Rockland Utilities - Spring Valley, NY June 2012 to January 2013 Database Adminstrator  Orange & Rockland Utilities Inc. (O & R), a subsidiary of Consolidated Edison, Inc., is an electric and gas utility which along with its two utility subsidiaries serves approximately 750,000 customers spread across seven counties located in New York, northern New Jersey and northeastern Pennsylvania.  Responsibilites:  • As a L2 support, we worked on incident tickets escalated from L1 support team.  • Responsible for MS SQL Server 2005 and 2008 and database administration.  • 24x7 critical production support for hundred and ten SQL Servers out of which 75 were mission critical production support.  • Created database maintenance plans for SQL backups, optimization, and integrity check and t-log backups.  • Created checklists for proper/unattended install of SQL Server, applied service packs and security fix.  • Configured and maintained transactional and Snapshot replication for 3 environments.  • Worked with SQL Disaster Recovery processes and documented/revised those processes.  • Worked with capacity planning, database sizing and monitoring.  • Created databases, tables, indexes, stored procedures and triggers, alerts and maintained user permissions.  • Involved in creating DTS Packages to import and export operations in and out of SQL Servers.  • Applied monthly patches and hot fixes. Worked with application team to test the successful upgrades.  • Maintained Operators, Categories, Alerts, Notifications, Jobs, Job Steps and Schedules.  Environment: MS SQL Server 2008/2005, T-SQL, SQL Profiler, Log Shipping, Replication, Mirroring, Clustering, Windows 2003 Server. Associate Database Administrator Teleflora - Oklahoma City, OK May 2010 to March 2012 Teleflora is a floral wire service company which brokers orders to local florists for delivery. Headquartered in Los Angeles, California, Teleflora, LLC is a clearinghouse for transmitting and processing floral orders to customers throughout the United States and internationally  Responsibilities:  • Created database maintenance plans for SQL backups, optimization, and integrity check and t-log backups.  • Responsible for MS SQL Server 2005 and 2008 and database administration.  • Worked on change requests, permission requests and refreshes requests.  • Created checklists for proper/unattended install of SQL Server, applied service packs and security fix.  • Configured and maintained transactional, Snapshot replication and merge replication.  • Worked with SQL Disaster Recovery processes like Log shipping methodologies, clustering and mirroring.  • Worked with capacity planning, database sizing and monitoring.  • Created databases, tables, indexes, stored procedures and triggers, alerts and maintained user permissions.  • Worked with application team to test the successful upgrades, migrations, installations.  • Maintained Operators, Categories, Alerts, Notifications, Jobs, Job Steps and Schedules.  Environment: SQL Server 2005, SQL server 2008, T-SQL, Oracle PL/SQL, Windows 2003/2008 Server, Import & Export Data. Additional Information Technical Skills:    Languages T-SQL, PL/SQL, HTML, VB, .NET, Java, PERL, ASP, PHP and XML  RDBMS & Tools  SQL Server 2005/2008/2008R2/2012/2014, MS Access 2003/2007/2010/2013, Oracle 11gR2, MySQL, SQL Loader and Export/Import, PowerShell.    Backup Software SQLBackup, LiteSpeed, RedGate, Idera SQLSafe, VEEAM and Backup Exec.  ETL Tools SSIS, BI (BIDS/SSDT).  Data Modeler SSAS, SQL Developer Data Modeler, TOAD Data Modeler.  Reporting & Audit Tools SSRS, Report Builder and SSDT, Idera SQL Compliance Manager and SQL Secure.  Virtualization VMware and Hyper-V  Third Party Tools RedGate, Spotlight, and IderaSQLsuite,phpMyAdmin, Olas's Maintenance Scripts, Iometer, PuTTY, Wireshark.  DB Query Tools MS SQL Server Query Analyzer, SQL Profiler, ETL, SSMS, Enterprise Manager, PL/SQL Developer, Toad for SQL/MySQL/Oracle.  Operating System Windows 7,8, 10, Windows NT/2000/2003/2008 and 2012 servers
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1498.html#555:::Nodal Network Systems Operator-Maintainer Instructor;Satellite Communications Operator/Maintainer;Database Administrator, Programmer;Cisco (8 years);Netapp (3 years);Switch (8 years);System Administrator (6 years);Vmware (4 years);Microsoft Office;Linux (3 years);Unix Administration;Shell Scripting;Database Management (3 years):::Nodal Network Systems Operator-Maintainer Instructor Nodal Network Systems Operator-Maintainer Instructor Lexington, SC Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Nodal Network Systems Operator-Maintainer Instructor Moseley Technical Services - Augusta, GA February 2019 to Present Taught Nodal Network Operator students in a classroom environment on various tactical communications equipment and networking fundamentals    Evaluating students are competent in the information received    Constantly troubleshooting equipment and network faults in the facility Satellite Communications Operator/Maintainer South Carolina Army National Guard - Columbia, SC March 2011 to Present Operated as the lead Network Administrator for Greater Poland resolving network related issues in a timely manner.    Accountable for equipment and assets valued at over $500,000    Lead and Train subordinates and enable them to accomplish all tasks given Database Administrator, Programmer USPFO for South Carolina - Columbia, SC November 2015 to February 2018 Maintained the ORACLE and Microsoft SQL Server database of record for over 9000 soldiers    Created and implemented website code to manage all government devices for the South Carolina Army national guard    Wrote functional SQL scripts in order to make reports Education High school or equivalent in National Defense/Biology/Computer Science Pelion High School - Pelion, SC August 2008 to June 2013 Skills Cisco (8 years), Netapp (3 years), Switch (8 years), System Administrator (6 years), Vmware (4 years), Microsoft Office, Linux (3 years), Unix Administration, Shell Scripting, Database Management (3 years) Awards ARCOM 2019-01 Restoring vital tactical network communications in a timely manner Certifications/Licenses CCNA November 2018 to November 2021 Secret Clearance March 2011 to March 2023 Security+ September 2017 to September 2020
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1499.html#556:::Junior Front-end developer;Entry-level web developer;Freelancer;IT Specialist;Junior Database Developer;Security Officer;Network Administrator;C#;C++;JAVASCRIPT;TYPESCRIPT;PHP;Git;MYSQL;CSS:::Junior Front-end developer Junior Front-end developer Junior Front-end developer - Polyzen Inc Morrisville, NC Seeking a Software Developer position with a reputable Company where I can get more experiences while developing and contributing to the growth of the Company. As a Current Graduate Full Stack Web Developer at Udacity School of Computer Science, I aim to achieve my goals developing web applications using the latest technologies such as Modern JavaScript, Python, NodeJs, Angular 2, 6 and 7, TypeScript, ExpressJs, and HTML5 for the Front-End as well as the Back-End (using REST API) and MEAN(MongoDB, ExpressJs, Angular and NodeJs). Excellent conceptual and working knowledge of RDBMS (Oracle Database 11g, Postgres, DB2, MySQL, and SQL, PL/SQL).    technical Skills summary    Project: CRUD (Create, Read, Update and Delete) application using Angular 7    This project consisted of developing a CRUD application using Angular 7 to build a recipe menu for a Restaurant. The app will allow a user to build his/her own recipe. This project used persistent data storage to create a RESTful web application that allows users to perform Create, Read, Update, and Delete operations.    Responsibilities:    • Created all the Components, Services, Directives and Pipes use in the app.  • Tested the templateUrl to fix all the bugs.  • Created modules and Components and coupled them together into a functional app.  • Writing tested, idiomatic, and documented JavaScript, HTM5 and CSS.    Project: Linux Server Configuration    This project was about securely configuring a Linux Server and deploying a Flask Web application.    Taking a baseline installation of a Linux distribution on a Virtual machine and prepared it to host  your web applications, to include installing updates, securing it from a number of attacks vector  and installing/configuring web and database servers.    Steps Descriptions  1- Adding a user  2- Allowing a user to run commands as root (sudo)  3- Updating system software  4- Setting up SSH keys for user login  5- Disable root login  6- Setting time zone and automatic time setting via NTP  7- Changing SSH port to non standard port  8- Configuring the Uncomplicated Firewall (UFW)  9- Install and configure Apache to serve Python WSGI web applications  10- Install and configure PostgreSQL database  11- Automatic security updates  12- Banning IPs if they are the source of repeated failed login attempts.    Project: Item Catalog    The Item Catalog project consisted of developing an application that provides a list of items within a variety of categories, as well as provide a user registration and authentication system. This project used persistent data storage to create a RESTful web application that allows users to perform Create, Read, Update, and Delete operations.    A user does not need to be logged in order to read the categories or items uploaded. However, users who created an item are the only users allowed to update or delete the item that they created.    This project uses third-party OAuth with Google or Facebook. Some of the technologies used to build this application include Flask, Bootstrap, Jinja2, and SQLite.    Skills used for this project  1- Python  2- HTML  3- CSS  4- Bootstrap4  5- Flask  6- Jinja2  7- SQLAlchemy  8- OAuth  9- Facebook/Google Login    Project: Student Academic Courses Record.    This project consist of recording student personal information along with his/her grades in an Academic grade form and display the student result in a Report Card for student form.    Skills used for this project  1- JavaScript  2- JQuery  3- Regular Expression  4- NodeJs ( Express framework )    Project: Logs analysis    In this project, a large database with over a million rows is explored by building complex SQL queries to draw business conclusions for the data. The project mimics building an internal reporting tool for a newspaper site to discover what kind of articles the site's readers like the most. The database contains newspaper articles, as well as the web server log for the site.    Skills used  1- Python 3  2- SQL queries  3- Git - An open source version control system    * Experience developing web applications using the latest technologies for the front-end as well as the back-end(using REST API)  * Ability to quickly solve problems using the most optimal algorithms.  * At least 4 years experiences in JavaScript ( NodeJS, JQuery, AngularJS, HTML5, PHP, Java, C#) as well as Scripting Languages such as Shell/bash and PowerShell.  * Good working knowledge of GitHub.  * 6 + years of SQL programming. Experience with hands-on data modeling skill, SQL Server 2012.  * Excellent knowledge of Oracle PL/SQL programming such as developing Packages, Stored Procedures, Functions, Triggers, Views, Cursors, and Script.  * Designed and developed applications using Angular 2, 6 and 7 frameworks along with HTML5, CSS3, TypeScript, JavaScript, Bootstrap, NodeJs, NPM and JSON.  * Hands on experience on Angular 2, 6 and 7 technologies.  * Good working knowledge of Angular CLI for creating Components, Services, Pipes, Directives, Templates and Injectors.  * Good amount of work done on Angular 7 and TypeScript  * Experience developing UI applications with Angular 6 and 7, TypeScript and RxJs/Observables/HttpClient to access Rest end points. Work Experience Junior Front-end developer Polyzen Inc - Apex, NC May 2019 to Present Develop JavaScript, NodeJs, Angular 7, HTML5 and CSS. Entry-level web developer Sulzer Metco - Durham, NC August 2016 to April 2019 Designed, developed and maintained web-based applications written in bootstrap /html/css/JavaScript.  Troubleshoot page performance issues.  Identify and eliminate website bugs to improve user experience.  Created RESTful API endpoints.  Developed application using NodeJS with Express Servers. Freelancer 2014 to 2015 Web Design    Improve, modify and upgrade the designs and functionalities of websites as requested by the clients.  Fixed software bugs via JavaScript and CSS.  Solved problems using a combination of JavaScript, JSON, and JQuery. IT Specialist Foxconn, NC 2013 to 2014 Configured and maintained Client PC. Junior Database Developer SENECA5, NC 2011 to 2013 Developed database applications in MS Access and SQL Microsoft Server accelerating insurance claims processing  Developed Stored Procedures, tables, Views, Scripts for processing data.  Created and Maintained Relational Database queries and Stored Procedures. Security Officer GLAXOSMITHKLINE 2010 to 2011 Work with Office management and the designated Agency Official (DAO) to enhance overall safety and security of Federal office suites. Monitoring federal facility through CCTV'S. Network Administrator CREE RTP 2009 to 2010 Internship    Managed LAN and WAN communications infrastructure, including T1 communication services; Diagnosed and solved hardware, software problems; served as team lead for an Exchange migration project, migrating from cc: Mail to Exchange 5.5. Developed and implemented disaster recovery procedures for the Microsoft BackOffice. Education Udacity School of Computer Science Database Management Systems Wake Technical Community College - Raleigh, NC Diplomat Stratford Career Institute - Washington, DC BS in Mathematics and Physics in Lomé, Togo University of Lome Skills C#, C++, JAVASCRIPT, TYPESCRIPT, PHP, Git, MYSQL, CSS Links http://www.gitHub.com/stephanedadjo
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\15.html#557:::Database Administrator;Cashier;Microsoft sql server;Sql server;Sql;Visual studio;C#;C++;Object-oriented;Object-oriented programming;Eclipse;Java;Oracle Dba;Sql Dba;DBA:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator - Provalus Opp, AL Work Experience Database Administrator Provalus - Brewton, AL January 2019 to Present Managed Microsoft SQL and Oracle databases for Ally Financial Cashier Church's Chicken - Opp, AL September 2013 to March 2017 • Maintained suitable service in a time-sensitive work environment  • Handled cash, debit, and credit card transactions Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science in Database Management Troy University - Troy, AL July 2018 to December 2018 Skills Microsoft sql server, Sql server, Sql, Visual studio, C#, C++, Object-oriented, Object-oriented programming, Eclipse, Java, Oracle Dba, Sql Dba, DBA Additional Information Relevant Skills  Programming Languages  • Experienced in programming with C++, Java, SQL, and C# programming languages  • Completed projects using the Eclipse, Microsoft SQL Server, and Visual Studio IDEs  • Well-versed in the concepts of object-oriented programming and inheritance
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\150.html#558:::Financial Analyst/HR Administrator;OPERATIONS / ACCOUNTING ANALYST;ACCOUNTS PAYABLE CLERK;DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR / STATION RECONCILIATION ANALYST;DATA ENTRY / ONLINE SALES COORDINATOR:::Financial Analyst/HR Administrator Financial Analyst/HR <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Beaumont, TX Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Financial Analyst/HR Administrator Gadolin Research - Beaumont, TX 2019 to Present ·        Negotiate budgets for contracts and invoicing to customers for medical research projects  ·        Responsible for entering new hires into system and setting up direct deposit, verifying I9 and hours worked  ·        Pay outstanding AP bills and communicate payment terms with vendors for AR bills OPERATIONS / ACCOUNTING ANALYST Phillips 66 - Beaumont, TX 2017 to 2019 Entered daily inventory for all storage tanks at the Phillips 66 Beaumont Terminal storing oil/gas products for multiple customers, and moving product via ships, barges, pipelines, or from tank to tank.  • Ensured all daily gauge tickets contained correct temperatures and levels as submitted by a third-party inspector, completed revisions if necessary, informed the inspector of changes, and relayed data to the customer.  • Completed an average of 20 to 25 tickets each day, and provided training for one new hire alongside a team member.  • Verified invoices and statements were accurate, assuring gain/loss for assigned tanks were within tolerance per policy.  • Researched gain/loss stats at the end of each month, sending to inspectors for review, and changing data if required, achieving cost savings by remaining within accepted tolerance levels.  • Frequently interacted with internal/external customer regarding invoices, billing statement, inspection reports, and the movement of commodities to and from the terminal. ACCOUNTS PAYABLE CLERK Exclusive Furniture - Houston, TX 2016 to 2017 Entered all incoming invoices into QuickBooks and Storis, a standard inventory/billing management system, for the furniture company with six large stores in the Houston area.  • Served as an advocate for transitioning from paper invoicing to an electronic system, obtaining a scanner and reducing the amount of paper required in addition to setting up ACH payments to ensure invoices did not go past due dates.  • Requested vendors send electronic invoices rather than in paper format.  • Reviewed bills of lading, comparing to all incoming invoices to ensure zero discrepancies between purchase orders and invoices, and assisted the controller with weekly A/P aging summaries, open bill status, and administrative/accounting tasks in addition to paying invoices after verification of accuracy. DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR / STATION RECONCILIATION ANALYST Sunoco Logistics 2014 to 2015 via Zero Chaos and Mountain Limited Contracts), Sugarland, TX 2014 to 2015 and 2015 to 2016  DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR / STATION RECONCILIATION ANALYST  Reviewed tickets to determine correct measurement and temperature entries for transferred products, working with various stations in the region to verify the correct site was entered for each ticket.  • Researched discrepancies in deliveries and losses to determine if deliveries were completed at the right location.  • Delivered training to new staff, ensuring comprehension of tasks.  • Provided new hires and managerial staff with confidential data regarding applicable security systems.  • Reconciled data from multiple stations to ensure parallel information between the company's accounting system and station log records.  • Maintained database security by ensuring only approved users could access specific network systems and folders.  • Played a critical role in controlling losses at stations by researching the transfer of paper-based records to an iPad system, assisting in the company making the transition for heightened accuracy and efficiency. DATA ENTRY / ONLINE SALES COORDINATOR Games People Play Golf - Beaumont, TX 2013 to 2014 Performed detailed online data entry at the family-owned business selling golf equipment. Listed product information, including SKUs, UPCs, price, handling time and other specifications, to ensure all products were ready for sale on Amazon and eBay.  • Provided direct links to listings on Amazon and eBay through Magento Enterprise, a proprietary software allowing the entry of one SKU and automatically populating various sites.  • Utilized SAP to track customer orders, update product pricing, and manage inventory. Education MASTER OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION in BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION Lamar University - Beaumont, TX BACHELOR OF ARTS in INTERNATIONAL STUDIES Univ. of Southern Mississippi - Hattiesburg, MS Certifications/Licenses Driver's License
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1500.html#559:::Oracle Database Administrator;System Administrator;Database administration;Database;Oracle;Oracle 10g;Sql;Rman;Business continuity;Security;Shell scripting;Unix;Unix shell;Application integration;Perl;Scripting;Storage management;Systems administration;Rdbms;Migrations;Auditing;Integration:::Job Seeker Work Experience EXTREME FITNESS - Lithonia, GA November 2017 to Present Controlled and monitored user access to the database. Optimized the performance of the database. Tuned SGA data dictionary and set database parameters  ? Reorganized data files, identified and eliminated contention factors like I/O, buffers and locks  ? Allocated the separate rollback segments for the Batch processing jobs in order to speed up processing  ? Reorganized data files, identification and elimination of contention factors like I/O, buffers and locks  ? Worked with Oracle Diagnostics tools such as Explain Plan, SQL Trace, TKPROF Used to analyze timing and execution plan for SQL query to tune the SQL statements  ? Monitored Customer Databases, physically located in U.S and Remote administration of fifteen Production Databases in UNIX environment  ? Performance tuning of application and database, identification and resolution of contention, defining and implementing Backup Recovery policy, and day-to-day monitoring of the Production database  ? Worked with the physical and logical designing of the database, which includes the distribution of data- files on different disks    ROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Oracle Database Administrator FastData Nig Ltd October 2014 to October 2017 Experience in applying Patches (PSU) quarterly per Oracle release.  ? Upgrade databases per customer requests.  ? Responsible for escalations during shift.  ? Reviews mailbox report every morning for all scheduled backups through autopsies tool.  ? Participate in Team Meetings and make recommendations to management to improve the environment and invest in new technologies.  ? Backup and recovery expert.  ? Good understanding of Oracle RAC, Golden Gate and Oracle internal architecture.  ? Taking Incremental backup using RMAN.  ? Creation and maintenance of databases.  ? Creation of tables, table+spaces, users, views and related objects.  ? Performed analysis and diagnosis of database performance statistics.  ? Implemented procedures to detect the poor database performance, collecting required information, root cause analysis, successfully tuned and improved the performance of the database.  ? Tuning performance using Advisors, AWR, ADDM, SQL tuning etc.  ? Tuning SQL queries when the performance is poor.  ? Provided instance level performance monitoring and tuning for Event Waits, Sessions, Physical and Logical IO and Memory Usage.  ? Responsible for planning, testing and implementing different backup and recovery strategies.  ? Alert monitoring and Ticketing.  ? Implemented downstream capture at the destination database using Oracle Streams.  ? Maintenance of Oracle 11gR2 Real Application Cluster (RAC) Database for High Availability, Scalability and Performance by determining the best Cluster architecture, choosing the best hardware configuration for Oracle RAC.  ? Successful in installation/maintenance of Physical Standby database using Oracle Data Guard for Oracle 11.2.0.3 and Oracle 10.2.0.5 RAC databases.  ? Implemented switchovers on primary and standby databases as a part of planned maintenance activities.  ? Involved in process improvement, Oracle Server Installations/Upgrades/Patches, Space Management, Capacity Planning, Backup & Recovery, Disaster Recovery, Database Performance Tuning, Memory Tuning, Application Tuning, Security Administration, Data Warehousing, Data Guard, Oracle Advanced Replication, Real Application Clusters, and Oracle Standby.  ? Responsible for logical and physical database design, implementation, transforming logical data models into physical databases, and defining strategies for database implementation, high performance, replication & failover.  ? Used Shell Scripting to backup database.  ? Physical and logical data modeling using Erwin tool.  ? Responsible for granting required privileges and roles to users.  ? Duplicating production databases.  ? Renaming and resizing databases.  ? Used TOAD for database management. System Administrator UBA NIGERIA PLC August 2011 to September 2014 • Perform installations and configurations of Grid Infrastructure, Databases Clients and much more.  • Researched tested and made recommendations of Data Validation Tools.  • Provides recommendations to management on behalf of the team.  • Developing functional process diagram for Oracle Database Services.  • Providing support to developers working on SQL including development of best practices, hands on demos, and knowledge transfer.  • Assisting with procurement of hardware, software and services.  • Perform maintenance of the Data Backup.  • Deploy bug fixes Patches and Security updates to ensure system readiness, performance resource.  • Monitor server performance, network capacity and security issues.  • Assist with audits on existing software to verify authorized use and license certification.  • Remain up-to-date on products available in the market, support new technologies.  • Disaster Recovery Testing, working with multiple departments in testing Disaster Recovery Plans.  • Designed, installed, configured and Maintained High Availability (RAC, RAC One Node, Data Guard etc.)  • Monitored Backup Operations and schedules manual Backups as needed.  • Monitor Oracle trends for hardware system and user bad load utilization.  • Responded to and resolved Database Access and performance issues. Education BSc in Economics Methodist University College Ghana Skills Database administration, Database, Oracle, Oracle 10g, Sql, Rman, Business continuity, Security, Shell scripting, Unix, Unix shell, Application integration, Perl, Scripting, Storage management, Systems administration, Rdbms, Migrations, Auditing, Integration
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1501.html#560:::Project Manager;Industrial Engineering Manager;Industrialization Engineer;Production Team Advisor;Database Administrator;Manufacturing Engineering Intern;Industrial Engineering Intern;SOLID WORKS;SQL SERVER;SQL;MICROSOFT PROJECT;VISIO;Estimating;Outlook;budget;Scheduling;Smartsheets (2 years);Asana (2 years):::Project Manager Project Manager Project Manager - JUST, inc San Francisco, CA Degreed Manufacturing/Industrial Engineer with value-added experience in supervisory leadership.  Background includes Lean Manufacturing strategies, new product manufacturability, team problem  solving, value stream mapping, statistical analysis, root cause investigations, SOP development, time  studies and integrating regulatory standards into decision-making. Pro-active, energetic approach and  communications promote trust, teaming and goal accomplishment. Work Experience Project Manager JUST, inc - San Francisco, CA 2017 to Present Responsible for project management for emulsions and cookie dough platform projects with co-manufactures.  Duties include: Creating and managing scope, budget and timelines for new product extensions and cost improvements projects; Communicating risks and issues to all levels of the organization; improving project  management tools and processes  ? Created high level dashboards and reports to communicate project statuses and risks using  Smartsheets  ? Created templates for project timeline, product trial plan and project charter for management  standardization  ? Implemented best practices for meeting effectiveness including agenda and action items  register including using Team sites to foster collaboration  ? Lead team to update all emulsion formulas including a re-brand at our co-manufacturer.  ? Lead team to start up a new co-manufacturer for Just Cookie Dough increasing offering to 3  formats. Industrial Engineering Manager GHIRARDELLI CHOCOLATE COMPANY - San Leandro, CA 2014 to 2017 Responsible for Industrial Engineering department  Duties include: Creation and updating labor standards, scrap rates and OEE metrics across 3 facilities;  Mentoring 2 direct reports; Cost savings justification for Capex projects; Work cross-functionally to determine & improve the Manufacturability of new products  ? Rolled out Label system to all co-manufacturers and co-packers to eliminate incorrect labels:  Annual saving of $60k from fine reduction  ? Improved accuracy of OEE through standardizing nominals and increasing granularity of production  data collected  ? Justified Capex spend to automate case packing of bars: Annual savings of $1.1M in labor & $300K  in material Industrialization Engineer ROCKWELL AUTOMATION - Mequon, WI 2010 to 2014 Mequon, Wisconsin  Global leader in Industrial Automation control and information solutions  Industrialization Engineer  Responsible for developing and implementing manufacturing plans for new product development.  Duties include: Creation and updating Manufacturing Bill of Material; Part extension; Part warehouse  management set up; create time standards; electronic DWI creation and maintenance; DC torque tool  troubleshooting (Atlas Copco); lead pilots for line extensions  ? Obtained Green Belt certification within first year of employment  ? Co-lead Kaizen event to re-layout a high horsepower drives line: savings: $115K in 6 months  ? Mentored interns and contractors  ? Created procedure documentation for Global label system and warehouse management  ? Worked on projects globally including Mexico and China Production Team Advisor SCHREIBER FOODS, INC - West Bend, WI 2009 to 2010 West Bend, Wisconsin  Producer of private labeled cream cheese products and a part of a $3B cheese and dairy enterprise  Production Team Advisor  Responsible for managing 3rd Shift plant operations encompassing a 20-employee production unit and  10 maintenance, support and warehouse personnel. Operations feature meeting daily production  requirements, as well as equipment cleaning, maintenance and troubleshooting. Duties included:  communicating/prioritizing customer orders; assisting problem solving; team coaching/motivation per  continuous improvement goals; CAPA quality analysis/forms; ensuring regulatory compliance; and inter-shift collaboration and communications.  ? Teamed in developing processes, which improved the movement/management of materials into production staging areas. Solved customer shortages by improving material accuracy.  ? Shortened time needed to clean equipment on a key line by developing a written SOP.  ? Contributed to team development of operating/process changes permitting backlines and blenders  to be cleaned once per week, rather than every 3 days. Database Administrator Oregon State University - Corvallis, OR 2009 to 2009 Maintained 3 Access databases, with duties in creating/updating queries, reports, forms and macros. Manufacturing Engineering Intern MICRO POWER ELECTRONICS, INC - Beaverton, OR 2008 to 2008 Beaverton, Oregon  Closely held producer of portable power solutions for medical device and military applications  Manufacturing Engineering Intern  Assisted Engineering and Production with daily problem solving, as well as short/longer term projects.  Conducted equipment and process qualifications and designed production fixtures.  ? Contributed to the manufacturability analysis for 3 new product development teams, which included  customer participation. Work included conforming to ISO, UL, Mil-Spec and DOT standards.  ? Created and updated several Build Documents, Bill of Materials and PFMEA's.    ? Led and participated in several Kaizen events, e.g. initiated a 5S reorganization of tool storage  area, batching together the complementary tooling needed per different processes.  ? Saved $44k annually by analyzing the specifications for a key production supply and qualifying a new, lower cost vendor. Industrial Engineering Intern UNITED PARCEL SERVICE - Portland, OR 2007 to 2007 Conducted time studies, performed work measurements and created master plans with process maps and SOP's for various functions within the distribution center.  ? Entered and compiled time study data into Excel for analysis and report generation. Education BS in Industrial Engineering Oregon State University - Corvallis, OR 2009 Skills SOLID WORKS, SQL SERVER, SQL, MICROSOFT PROJECT, VISIO, Estimating, Outlook, budget, Scheduling, Smartsheets (2 years), Asana (2 years) Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Driver's License Additional Information COMPUTER SKILLS:    SAP - Level 2 Advanced; Microsoft Office Suite - Word, Excel, PowerPoint - Level 2 Advanced  Microsoft Project, Visio, Access and Outlook - Level 1 Proficient; Solid Works - Level 1 Proficient  SQL Server - Level 1 Proficient
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1502.html#561:::TRV Specialist;Regional IT Manager;Advanced Technical Support;Tech Support;Database Administrator;IT Specialist;Web Designer;Microsoft Office (5 years);MySQL (5 years);Computer Hardware (10+ years);Computer Repair;Computer Repair (10+ years);Customer Service (5 years);Management (3 years);Desktop Support;Tech Support;SERVER SUPPORT (5 years):::TRV Specialist TRV Specialist IT Professional Wichita, KS Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience TRV Specialist Sprint - Oklahoma City, OK July 2018 to Present In depth Network-Related troubleshooting with Sprint CDMA Towers, as well as various troubleshooting with mobile handsets, tablets, and computers. Regional IT Manager Sprint - Oklahoma City, OK December 2016 to Present Work within a corporate environment to quickly and effectively resolve computer/network related issues for employees of Sprint PCS within multiple areas of the midwest, racking servers, hardware replacement, arranging meetings with Network Operations as well as overseeing and developing network projects. Basic/Advanced troubleshooting, re-imaging computers, surveying risk of software implementation.    Experience with Citrix, SQL, Server environment, oversee a call center with a headcount of 800+, support work from home agents, oversee 50 fully staffed retail locations Advanced Technical Support Sprint - Oklahoma City, OK February 2016 to December 2016 Troubleshooting various phones, various network services, various mobile broadband and connection card devices, as well as providing outstanding customer service Tech Support Sprint - Oklahoma City, OK December 2015 to November 2016 Troubleshooting various phones, various network services, as well as providing outstanding customer service Database Administrator BlurTec Automotive - Moore, OK March 2013 to July 2016 I work with confidential customer information, keeping it up to date, managing the database and server, and providing technical support. IT Specialist ShadyHosting - Dallas, TX March 2011 to May 2015 Keep all computer hardware/software up-to-date and secure Web Designer Windemere Professional Partners - Tacoma, WA March 2012 to March 2015 Helped Marguerite Giguere of WPP design websites for customers. Education Dipoloma in Computer Science Moore High School - Moore, OK August 2013 to December 2015 Skills Microsoft Office (5 years), MySQL (5 years), Computer Hardware (10+ years), Computer Repair, Computer Repair (10+ years), Customer Service (5 years), Management (3 years), Desktop Support, Tech Support, SERVER SUPPORT (5 years) Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+ April 2019 CompTIA Network+ April 2020 Additional Information I graduated high school a year before my class, I'm a certified computer hardware/software technician. I've been working with/around computer software and hardware for a little under 7 years now, and I am fully computer literate. I can fix any issue with a computer, big or small, I can recover deleted data from hard drives, I can analyze risk within a network and operating system, and I'm very familiar with Microsoft Windows, 10 different Distributions of Linux, and the Mac OS. I can also type up to 130 words per minute.    I have experience in enterprise re-imaging software, mapping network drives, Microsoft Office Suite (2008+) as well as Office 365. I'm looking to further advance my career to gain more experience. I have my own reliable transportation, and will re-locate anywhere in the midwest within reason.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1503.html#562:::IT Field Technician;Needles SQL Database Administrator/ Legal Assistant;Account Manager:::IT Field Technician IT Field Technician Engineering Graduate Houston, TX Self-motivated Computer Engineering graduate with strong leadership and interpersonal skills capable of conceiving and developing creative technical solutions. Superb verbal and written communication skills with the ability to relate highly technical information concisely to numerous demographics. Possesses a strong work ethic, and commitment to excelling in fast-paced and deadline-driven environments. Work Experience IT Field Technician Independent Contactor - Houston, TX January 2019 to Present Self-employed performing in-office computer and electronics repair as well as IT/Networking jobs for businesses and individual clients. Gaining additional income and networking with new clients by taking advantage of flexibility offered by Uber/Lyft while seeking a career in Technology and Engineering.  Needles SQL Database Administrator/ Legal Assistant JOHNSON LAW GROUP - Houston, TX 2015 to 2018 Position held while completing bachelor’s degree. Primary responsibilities entailed managing all back-end aspects of the company case management database program “Needles”. Imported all new cases via CSV and formatted client data properly to ensure accuracy of retained information. Routinely performed mass updates to redistribute workload for entire company and managed a database of over 90k legal cases. Responsible for building out docket environments for Attorney’s to work in, as well as creating new fields to track custom information, and designing custom reports to query the database for targeted data. Performed document coding so letters could be mass generated to thousands of clients via Microsoft mail merge and Needles. Assisted in the design of several C# programs to automate tasks and aide productivity. Account Manager SONY - Houston, TX 2011 to 2014 Responsible for the promotion of Sony products and brand image in a single base location. Used interpersonal skills to build relationships with managerial staff prompting the increase of Sony sales performance. Worked within a team to cover all areas of Sony electronics. Held marketing events and promotions attended by retail employees. Education Bachelors of Science in Computer Engineering University of Houston Main - Houston, TX December 2018 Associate of Applied Science in Process Technology San Jacinto College - Pasadena, TX Research Undergraduate Student Instrumentation Project. Certifications/Licenses Lean Six Sigma White Belt April 2018 to Present
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1504.html#563:::Security Analyst;Information Security Assurance (Security Control Assessor);Help Desk/ IT Support;Database Administrator (Oracle DBA);Security;SQL;testing:::Security Analyst Security Analyst Security Analyst - 4square IT Consulting Cheverly, MD Over 8 years working experience in the IT field with 5 years extensive knowledge in Cyber Security, NIST 800 series Publications, FIPS 199 and FIPS 200, SDLC, DIACAP, the entire RMF process and FISMA guidelines. Also familiar with CSAM and FEDRAMP. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Security Analyst 4square IT Consulting - Houston, TX March 2017 to Present • Perform Risk Management Framework (RMF) and system control assessment processes using NIST SP 800-53r4/53A.  • Perform assessment and continuous monitoring using NIST SP 800-137.  • Manage vulnerabilities to detect potential risk on a single or multiple assets across the enterprise network.  • Categorize agency's systems in accordance with NIST requirements and FIPS 199.  • Develop and maintain Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&M) of all accepted risk upon completion system (C&A).  • Perform Assessment and Authorization (A&A) projects in line with client security system.  • Develop NIST compliant vulnerability assessments, technical documentations and Plan of Action and Milestone (POA&M) and address system weaknesses.  • Support the C&A/A&A process by reviewing security artifacts such as SSP, PIA, SRA, and so on.  • Review and update System Security plans (SSP) using NIST SP 800-18 guidelines and system security checklists, Privacy Impart Assessment.  • Involved in on-site evaluations/audits for compliance with policy.  • Determine security controls effectiveness ( if controls are implemented correctly, operating as intended, and is meeting security requirements). Information Security Assurance (Security Control Assessor) M & T Group - Washington, DC November 2015 to March 2017 • Conduct risk assessments to identify and mitigate risk to IT systems, facilities and critical assets.  • Involve in initiating FISMA metrics such as Annual Testing, POA&M Management, and program management.  • Assist in reviewing policies, security alerts, guidance, regulations and technical advances in IT Security Management.  • Create Security Assessment Reports and deliver test results to stakeholders while providing expert security advice and recommendations to manage identified risks.  • Performs security control assessments on cloud based systems.  • Plan, develop, and conduct security examinations, interviews and testing of management, operational, technical and privacy controls. Analyze and assess results based on risk to client's information system.  • Review and update some of the system categorization using FIPPS 199, Initial Risk Assessment, E-authentication, PTA, PIA, SAR, SSP, SAP AND POA&M. Help Desk/ IT Support Linac Health NW - Washington, DC August 2014 to November 2015 • Performing remote troubleshooting through diagnostic technique.  • Installing various software and network devices.  • Helped in training staffs on various security measures.  • Document and effectively communicate unresolved issues to Admin.  • Schedule appointments and meetings.  • Setup new computers, Lan and Wireless internet for computers. Database Administrator (Oracle DBA) Market Research Consultancy - Lagos February 2011 to January 2014 • Setup brand new machines including Oracle software installation, Oracle side Configuration, third party backup software trouble shooting and backup testing.  • Used Incremental and full ; Auto-backup with job functions.  • Experienced in working with DBMS ( Database Management System) automation script and deploying scripts.  • Responsible for monitoring the database network connectivity.  • Created different table spaces, schemas, constraints to enforce business rules and users accounts.  • Changed passwords for users, killing sessions, granting privileges, altered roles and set alert.  • Monitor table spaces and Data files utilization.  • Manage undo table spaces, Redo logs, control files and archive logs.  • Analyzed tables and indexes on performance base regularly.  • Configure various RMAN parameters as per requirements.  • Perform backups using RMAN utility. Education M.Sc in Cyber Security University Of Maryland University College Adelphi 2019 B.Sc in Banking & Finance Nnamdi Azikiwe University Nigeria 2010 Skills Security, SQL, testing Additional Information Very Knowledgeable in the following;    A comprehensive knowledge of the RMF process.    Working knowledge of the NIST Publications and standards; NIST [ ] 18, 20, 26, 30, 37, 39, 53, 53A, 59, 60, 115, 128, 200, FIPS 199, FIPS 200, RMF and FISMA guidelines.    Skilled with vulnerability scanning tools such as Aircrack, Nikto, Openvas, Tripwire, Wireshark, Comodo Hackerproof and MBSA.     Knowledge in privacy impact Assessments, POA&M and ATO.    Experienced in developing System Security Plan (SSP), Contingency Plans, Disaster Recovery Plans, Incidence Response Plans and Configuration Management.     Ability to perform information security Risk Assessments and Analysis and Risk Mitigation.    Knowledge in Penetration Testing and IT security architecture ( Firewalls, Virtual private networking and intrusion detection).    Working knowledge of Network infrastructures, Oracle Database, Web applications, Nessus, Data Warehouses, Application Servers, Windows and Unix/Linux Systems.      Experience in developing and completing system authorization packages security plans, security assessment reports and contingency plans.     Develop A&A packages and Document in accordance with IA controls.    Very skilled with the Oracle Database.    Proficient in SQL, RMAN, SQL-Plus and PL/SQL.     Working knowledge of the DATAPUMP and Import/Export utilities for logical backups.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1505.html#564:::SharePoint Administrator/SharePoint Developer;Database Analyst;Salesforce Consultant;Product Support Engineer;Associate Software Engineer:::SharePoint Administrator/SharePoint Developer SharePoint <span class="hl">Administrator</span>/SharePoint Developer SharePoint Administrator/SharePoint Developer - CACI International Work Experience SharePoint Administrator/SharePoint Developer CACI International - San Diego, CA October 2016 to Present Site Lead Supervisor:  Manage 3 employees in Knowledge Management Department and travel budget for 13 employees in different  locations all under the same contract.  • Works at the Naval Special Warfare Center (NSWC), a part of the United States Naval Special Warfare Command  under the United States Special Operations Command (SOCOM).  • SharePoint Site Collection Administrator on both Unclassified (NIPR) and Classified (SIPR) networks, technical  support, and Database Specialist utilizing T-SQL in support of the NAVY SEALS (BUDS, SQT, and SWCC)  training.  • Passed the SharePoint Basic Site Manager Course M10KDMT 2017055 on 4 Nov 2016. Then passed the SharePoint Advanced Site Manager Course M10KDMT 2017090 on 1 Dec 2016; both courses taught by MAGTF  Integrated Systems Training Center Command and Control Training Branch (C2TB).  • Lead in SharePoint upgrade and migration in an active site that has 1,000+ users in four different geographical  locations.  • Portal design, creating Web Parts, KPIs, best practices for permissions groups and site design, Infopath, SharePoint Designer, workflows, custom lists, document libraries, and all out of the box capabilities.  • Utilize Agile and Scrum coding methodologies  • Quality Assurance testing  • Active Security Clearance  • Completed Remedy ticket training, experience with Microsoft Visio and Microsoft Project, Power BI and Formsite.  • NSIPS data access and run queries  • Passed CompTIA Security+ Exam on 30 Mar 2017 Database Analyst Client Solution Architects - San Diego, CA January 2015 to October 2016 San Diego, CA 1/15 - 10/16  CSA specializes in helping clients optimize, leverage and gain the productivity and results they desire from their  operations. These strategic and operational solutions help clients analyze, improve and execute their operations while enabling them to manage the trade-offs of cost and performance.    Database Analyst  • Monitor millions of NAVY assets in both MS Access and Excel in support of both CoSC and NGEN closeout.  • Passed multiple DAU classes.  • Obtained Secret Clearance.  • Face to face correspondence with client.  • Attend corporate brownbag meetings.  • CLIN 5000's, 6 Ag's, CLIN 32's, CLIN 9999's, CLIN 23's, TRP's, and Requirement to Award Process Tool  (RAPT).  • Wrote multiple Business Clearance Memorandums along with ACO letters.  • Received a Team Achievement Award in regards to supporting the Government Administrative Contracting  Office (ACO).  • Developed pages in MS Sharepoint  • Created efficiencies in the workplace to present deliverables to the client quicker and more accurately.  • One of the top performers in the company in terms of Lynda.com courses learned.  • Skills Used: Access, Excel, SQL, Sharepoint, Time Management, Research, Team Leader Salesforce Consultant RelationEdge - San Diego, CA November 2014 to January 2015 San Diego, CA 11/14 - 1/15  Contracted out Salesforce work. When RelationEdge had a client that needed services, they used contractors to get the work done.    Salesforce Consultant  • Worked with companies to integrate their current systems into Salesforce. This involves going to various  businesses and observing their practices.  • With the newly gathered information, finding the best way to integrate Salesforce into their current setup. This  involves anything from integration to revamping it entirely. Product Support Engineer EDL Consulting - Deerfield, IL September 2014 to November 2014 Deerfield, IL 09/14 - 11/14  EDL solves the complex systems integration issues behind state-of-the-art technology solutions to make organizations  more successful. The solutions EDL builds generate revenue, result in cost savings, promote differentiation and make it  easier for clients to do business with their customers.    Product Support Engineer  • EDL Consulting is a national technology services firm specializing in the intelligent integration of eCommerce, CRM and business intelligence solutions to improve business performance.  • Trained in Salesforce.  • Became a Salesforce Certified Developer (Dev 401)  • Worked remotely in San Diego and managed time correctly to get work completed in an appropriate matter. ExtraMeasures LLC - San Diego, CA June 2014 to August 2014 San Diego, CA 06/14 - 08/14  ExtraMeasures is a full-service promotions and incentive company offering Bundled Stored-Value Solutions. We are the most experienced with over 18 years specializing in customized Reward, Rebate and Prepaid programs.    Information Technology  • Learned some CentOS  • Fixed and updated computers. Associate Software Engineer Home Junction INC - San Diego, CA June 2013 to June 2014 San Diego, CA 06/13 - 06/14  Home Junction® is a data driven company, having compiled over 90 unique data layers, including U.S. homes, businesses, schools, community features, demographics, parks, topography, boundaries, crime, and much more. Integrating these  unique data sets into a defragmented, real-time, interactive search experience that is visually engaging and personally  relevant to the user creates a one-stop information source for our customers' websites.    Associate Software Engineer  • Program and test new markets for the real estate development company that focuses on multifamily residential  projects, including real-estate market analysis.  • Work in PHP/SQL/UNIX/JSON environment; build advanced searches, market trends, populate house listings on a map and manipulating hundreds of databases behind the MLS listings, all around the country.  • Change clients' websites Domain Name System (DNS) to connect their staging sites point with the Home  Junction INC servers. This entails logging into GoDaddy, hosting websites and updating the client's staging sites.  • Update the timeclock on the company's server side, importing over notes from Podio into Infusionsoft.  • Super admin responsibilities for the company; include supporting all employee's emails servers, setting up new  computers for new employees and performing necessary repairs/updates.ayed a critical role in the creation and submission of an e-commerce marketplace proposal to the six largest North American railroads valued at $15  billion per year.  • Developed and implemented a Southeast US sales initiative resulting in a 35% increase in registered users and the awarding of over $1.5 million in new business.  • Managed the development, implementation and roll out of a web-based procurement system.    2 Education B.S. in Financial Mathematics & Statistics in Financial Mathematics & Statistics University of California - Santa Barbara, CA June 2013
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1506.html#565:::DATABASE MASTER ADMINISTRATOR;VOLUNTEER;EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT TO SENIOR PASTOR;SERVER;CUSTOMER SERVICE:::DATABASE MASTER ADMINISTRATOR <span class="hl">DATABASE</span> MASTER <span class="hl">ADMINISTRATOR</span> DATABASE MASTER ADMINISTRATOR - ABUNDANT LIFE CHRISTIAN CENTER North Syracuse, NY My mission is to grow and better myself while helping others find their purpose through deep compassion and  integrity. Work Experience DATABASE MASTER ADMINISTRATOR ABUNDANT LIFE CHRISTIAN CENTER April 2019 to Present • Monitor data integrity by running weekly reports  • Primary contact person to vendor CCB  • Anticipate and manage potential challenges  • Proactively investigate to offer the best possible solutions  • Work actively with staff to ensure they are educated in how to use database in their department VOLUNTEER ABUNDANT LIFE CHRISTIAN CENTER 2013 to Present • Volunteer on a weekly basis  • Children's Ministry; Help to provide a caring and welcoming environment to help guide children and students  make positive life choices through care and intentionality. EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT TO SENIOR PASTOR ABUNDANT LIFE CHRISTIAN CENTER September 2017 to February 2019 • Coordinate executive communications, including taking phone calls, responding to emails and interfacing with partners  • Prepared documents for meetings, recorded notes and provided deliverables following each meeting  • Scheduled meetings and appointments and manage travel expenses  • Kept receipt logs of business credit card usage and submitted them in a timely fashion  • Assisted in project management duties during building campaign SERVER SMOKEY BONES August 2015 to September 2017 • Creating a welcoming and enjoyable experience for guests with excellence and enthusiasm  • Ensuring orders are correct and properly inputted  • Completing other tasks such as cleaning and side work simultaneously CUSTOMER SERVICE NATIONAL GRID March 2014 to August 2015 Job responsibilities included providing knowledgeable customer service to patrons • Triaging emergency service  calls & field questions  • Addressing billing issues Education ASSOCIATES DEGREE in Human Services ONONDAGA COMMUNITY COLLEGE 2015 to 2017
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1507.html#566:::Field Service Engineer;Database Administrator (DBA);Microsoft office (7 years);SQL (5 years);Oracle 11G (2 years);C# (2 years);HTML (2 years);Maintenance;Management;Microsoft Word;Electrical;Word:::Field Service Engineer Field Service Engineer Field Service Engineer - Sartorius Stedim, North Carolina Raleigh, NC Work Experience Field Service Engineer Sartorius Stedim, North Carolina June 2015 to Present • PLC programming.  • Large data management.  • SCADA  • Bio medical equipments installation, Testing , Repair and Calibration, Consulting , Validating and Training Database Administrator (DBA) Johns Hopkins University JHU - Addis Ababa, Ethiopia November 2012 to October 2013 Education Masters of Information Science in Information Science North Carolina Central University August 2016 to May 2019 Skills Microsoft office (7 years), SQL (5 years), Oracle 11G (2 years), C# (2 years), HTML (2 years), Maintenance, Management, Microsoft Word, Electrical, Word Certifications/Licenses sql fundamentals Present CCNA Present OSHA 10 Present
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1508.html#567:::Certified Salesforce Administrator/ Database Coordinator;Program Coordinator/Global Experience Director Liaison;Office Manager/Kayak Instructor;Salesforce Admin;Salesforce:::Certified Salesforce Administrator/ Database Coordinator Certified Salesforce <span class="hl">Administrator</span>/<span class="hl">Database</span> Coordinator Certified Salesforce Administrator Durango, CO Work Experience Certified Salesforce Administrator/ Database Coordinator Open Sky Wilderness Therapy August 2016 to Present Supervisor: Tom Holcomb, Phone available upon request  • Certified Salesforce Administrator with 3+ years implementing Salesforce Classic and Lightning Experience to over 50+ users  • Effectively communicate with employees across the country, providing technical support to ensure the team can enroll clients 24 hours a day, 7 days a week  • Skilled and knowledgeable with the core functions of Salesforce including Process Builder, Reports & Dashboards, Flows and Workflows.  • Detail orientated eye for data quality, data security, and improving organization efficiency. Program Coordinator/Global Experience Director Liaison First Descents March 2011 to July 2016 Supervisor: Peta Sheridan, Phone available upon request  • Developed and integrated new best practice policies for improved program management.  • Managed a staff of up to 15 volunteers, providing exceptional customer care and service for many participants dealing with the emotional struggles of cancer.  • Professionally maintained a client database of sensitive medical and personal information.  • Gained experience in a wide variety of roles including web development, database management, finance management, marketing, and operations.  • Proficient in Microsoft Office applications and Salesforce. Office Manager/Kayak Instructor Renaissance Adventure Guides May 2010 to February 2012 Supervisor: Lyle Phetteplace, Phone available upon request  • Certified Whitewater Kayak Instructor teaching lessons to over 50 clients weekly.  • Led weeklong youth kayak camps that included river safety, kayaking, and rapid swimming.  • Counselor at the First Descents kayak program for young adult cancer survivors. Education Bachelor of Science in Recreational Studies in Recreational Studies University of Northern Colorado May 2010 High School Diploma Windsor High School May 2005 Skills Salesforce Admin, Salesforce Certifications/Licenses Certified Salesforce Administrator Present
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1509.html#568:::SQL SEVER Database administrator;Operational SQL DBA;Microsoft Operation Manager (MOM), Visual;Data modeling;Database;Sql server;Oracle;Sql;Sql server reporting services;Ssrs;Team foundation server;T-sql;Active directory;Networking;Solarwinds;Tcp/ip;Etl;Tcp;R2;Erwin;Html;Visio;Windows xp:::SQL SEVER Database administrator SQL SEVER <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">administrator</span> SQL SEVER Database administrator - EHP VENTURE, VA Arlington, VA A certified SQL Server DBA with over Five (7) years of professional experience in IT field (2) years as a help desk and (5) years' experience with SQL Server Database Administration with excellent technical knowledge, and troubleshooting experience in Database Design/Modeling, create, manage, deploy reports as well as creating and deploying packages using DTS, and Integration Services (SSIS). Backup/Recovery, Monitoring, Performance Tuning, Replications, Always On, Mirroring, Clustering, and writing Stored Procedures, Functions, Triggers, Constraints, and Views. Acquired solid working experience in designing and implementing Database Security including Encryption and Transparent Data Encryption (TDE).  Substantial knowledge, and strong experience in using third party tools like Red Gate, Idera, Solar Winds, Net, ERWin, Visio and Toad Data Modeler in managing SQL Server database development.  Very good team player and can work without supervision self-motivated and can easily work with non-technical people. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience SQL SEVER Database administrator EHP VENTURE, VA July 2016 to Present • Installed, configured, and managed MS SQL Server 2016/2014/2012 in Development, Test, and Production environments,  • Migrated databases from SQL Server 2008/2008 R2 /2012 to SQL Server 2014/2016,  • Performed Performance Monitoring and Tuning using windows and SQL performance monitoring tools (i.e. system monitor, task manager, extended events, SQL profiler, activity monitor, DBCC, DTA & DMVs),  • Used DBCC commands, DMVs and DMFs to check database integrity, index fragmentation and statistical updates,  • Administrated the MS SQL Server security by enforcing security policy.  • Resolved low disk space alerts, connection issues and failed jobs,  • Identified and Troubleshoot CPU, Memory and I/O bottle necks,  • Configured database mail, jobs and alerts in all SQL Servers,  • Planed, designed and implemented backup and restore plans according to company's Recovery Time Objective (RTO) and Recovery Point Objective (RPO),  • Configured various event driven e-mail notification process in SSIS packages,  • Develop, update and maintain existing processes and procedures relating to databases  • Maintain, monitor and improve database status, security integrity, access controls and performance  • Develop, test and maintain procedures for backup, restoration and Disaster Recovery for high availability databases  • Provide Database capacity planning and developing and maintaining best practices  • A basic understanding of executing PowerShell scripts and as they related to MSSQL is required.  • Ensuring database integrity, stability and system availability.  • Ensuring new database schema meets standards for readability and performance.  • Performance tuning new and existing applications.  • Working with IT Manager to be responsible for database procedures, and related documentation.  • In-depth understanding of application lifecycle management process including planning, design, development, maintenance, and management of multi-terabyte OLTP databases in a 24/7 support environment.  • Environment: Windows server IIS 5.0, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS Window Server 2003 IIS 6.0, Operational SQL DBA MCM CPAs & Advisors LLP March 2014 to June 2016 • Install, maintain and troubleshoot all database environments and serves as primary SQL server database administrator  • Monitor, identify, and implement security related updates and patches for SQL Server database systems and Microsoft OS  • Configured SQL Server Agent job and automated alerts and maintenance plan,  • Performed root cause analysis for slow running quires, missing index, outdated statistics, blocking and deadlocking issues,  • Configured and maintain database Always On in Synchronized and A synchronized mode,  • Imported and Export data from/to flat file, access, excel to/from SQL Server databases using SSIS and Import/Export wizard,  • Create and maintain documentation as it relates to database system configuration, mapping, processes, and service records.  • Recommend and execute modifications to database and server environments in order to improve efficiency and performance.  • Coordinate and collaborate with various Information Services departments to ensure availability, reliability, and scalability of corporate database environments to meet business demands.  • Configure and maintaining different high availability technologies that are used to support MSSQL i.e. log shipping, transactional, and snapshot replication, mirroring.  • Manage clustered/non-clustered indexes, index rebuilds, partitioning.  • Manage security, roles, logins, and user accounts integrated with Active Directory.  • Teaming with technical and business resources to perform implementation and ongoing upgrades.  • Developed parameterized and non-parameterized store procedures, functions, triggers, views and other T-SQL codes,  • Deployed and Automated SSIS Packages using SQL Server Agent Jobs,  • Monitors and maintains physical database structures for data integrity, database performance, quality, recoverability, and maintenance and space requirements to maintain optimal service levels.  • Researches, evaluates, and coordinates software releases, systems upgrades, enhancements, and software updates to ensure that client specifications, industry standards, and best practice guidelines are met.  • Environment I use Idera for back up databases and check the health of the database  • I used SSMS to create availability groups  • I used activity monitor to verify the connectivity to the database server  • I used red gate and spotlight to manage my transactional replication for alert and make replication healthy Microsoft Operation Manager (MOM), Visual SSMS, T-SQL, OLTP 2012 to 2016 PowerShell ISE,  • SQL Server Enterprise Edition 2012, 2016, Microsoft Operation Manager (MOM), Visual  • Source Safe, SSMA  • SSIS, SSRS I create job to run the package every night .Also I have some packages that runs every week. First I have to go through the security layer in order to run the job, I create the credential account with the role SA and I create the proxy so the job will run on behave of SQL server agent(I run the job using maintenance plain). Education management Specialized Institute of Applied Technology June 2006 Bachelor degree in Science Dhar El Mahraz University June 2003 Skills Data modeling, Database, Sql server, Oracle, Sql, Sql server reporting services, Ssrs, Team foundation server, T-sql, Active directory, Networking, Solarwinds, Tcp/ip, Etl, Tcp, R2, Erwin, Html, Visio, Windows xp Additional Information SKILLS & ABILITIESs    Database: SQL Server 2016, 2014, 2012, 2008R2, MY SQL, Oracle 11g  Operating System: Windows Server 2016, 2012, 2008 R2, Windows XP, 7, 10  Languages: SQL, T-SQL, HTML  ETL Tools: SSIS/DTS,  Reporting: SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services), VISIO 2007/2010  Data Modeling: ERWin, Visio, Toad Data Modeler, SSDD (SQL Server Database Diagram)    Third-Party Tools: RedGate, Idera, ERWin, Visio, Toad Data Modeler, SolarWinds  Networking: Active Directory, TCP/IP, TFS( Team foundation Server)
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\151.html#569:::Database Administrator;Organizing Assistant;Training & Development (3 years);DATA ENTRY (7 years);HIPAA (2 years);Problem Solving (7 years);TEAM PLAYER (5 years);TIME MANAGEMENT (5 years);Database Management (3 years);Excel (5 years);Word (5 years);Wordpress (Less than 1 year);HTML (Less than 1 year);CSS (Less than 1 year):::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator and Administrative Assistant Everett, WA Service-oriented Administrative Assistant with 5 year background in stressful and fast-pace environments. Core competencies include analytical and conceptual problem solving, empowering others, and managing change as well as excellent communication and time management skills. HIPAA and HITECH compliance knowledge with 3 years healthcare industry work. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Administrator SEIU Oregon State Council - Portland, OR October 2013 to October 2016 Oversaw data operations for 3 years in a start-up environment in the healthcare industry.  Worked as part of a team to coordinate database and tools research,  development, implementation, partner coordination and training.  Trained users and answered questions in 1-1 and group settings of 10 staff in both formal and informal settings.  Researched systems and tools for recommendation to the Director.  Lead 4 administrative and program staff for 2 years.  Developed staff as part of a commitment to personal growth within the organization.  Created and reported directly to the Director and Lead staff various  programmatic metrics for planning.  Affected thousands of Oregonians lives increasing their access to health  insurance and assisting them with education to maintain their benefits. Organizing Assistant SEIU Local - Portland, OR December 2011 to October 2013 Entered data into databases and spreadsheets for use in analysis and reports.  Created reporting functions and collaborated with staff and leads on data  collection and use.  Extensive use of MS Excel to produce reports, analyze data, and create tools for staff and leads.  Engaged in social justice for the betterment of the immediate community;  fighting for fair wages, food safety, and mortgage debt relief during the financial disaster.  Organized incoming data for entry, collected data for entry from field  locations, entered data in non-office conditions when necessary.  Collaborated in a team environment of 8 staff and lived the dream of "Duties as Assigned." Education Bachelor of Arts in Environmental Studies Carroll College - Helena, MT April 2010 College Democrats Skills Training & Development (3 years), DATA ENTRY (7 years), HIPAA (2 years), Problem Solving (7 years), TEAM PLAYER (5 years), TIME MANAGEMENT (5 years), Database Management (3 years), Excel (5 years), Word (5 years), Wordpress (Less than 1 year), HTML (Less than 1 year), CSS (Less than 1 year) Additional Information Additional Skills:  Creative Problem Solving  Proven Team Player  Time Management  Conflict Mediation and Deescalation training  Active Listening  Exceptional Data Entry and Phone Service  Staff Education and Training  HIPAA and HITECH Compliance
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1510.html#570:::SQL Server Database Administrator;SQL Developer/SQL DBA;SQL Server Developer;DATA TRANSFORMATION;DATABASE;DDL;MS SQL SERVER;MS SQL SERVER 2012;MYSQL;DBA;Sql Server;Sql Dba:::SQL Server Database Administrator SQL Server <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> SQL Server Database Administrator - Aspiraconnect nj • Over 8+ years of experience in Administration and Development on Database Design using SQL server 2012, 2014, 2016 servers.  • Strong understanding of RDBMS concepts as well as Data Modeling Concepts.  • Excellent SQL Server administration skills including Database Creation, Tables, Indexes and Clusters Creation.  • Knowledge in writing T-SQL (DDL, DML, and DCL) statements.  • Experienced in DBA activities include Installing & maintaining SQL Server database system, Logical/Physical database design and administration, Backup & Recovery, Log Shipping, Database Mirroring and Performance Tuning.  • Experience in BI Development and Deployment of SSIS packages from MS Access, Excel.  • Experience in implementing Full, Transaction Log and Differential backups.  • Extensively used native tools like index tuning wizard, database tuning advisor, profiler, performance monitor, activity monitor, event viewer for performance analysis.  • Experience in Client/Server Connectivity, Database health Check, Indexing and Updating Statistics.  • Configured SMTP SERVER for Database Mail setup and received Alerts for the Threshold values  • Extensive use of DTS in SQL Server, Performance Tuning & Application Design, Disaster Recovery Planning, Security Management, Managing server and clients.  • Worked on SQL Server Database in the development, testing and production environments.  • Supported teams in resolving SQL Server Reporting services and T-SQL related issues.  • Experienced in Performance Tuning, Query Optimization, Client/Server Connectivity, and Database Consistency Checks using DBCC Utilities.  • Experience in SQL Server concepts SSIS (Integration Services), SSAS (Analysis Services) and SSRS (Reporting Services).  • Experience in usage of DBCC commands and DMV's for Performance Tuning.  • Good knowledge of database performance tuning using Profiler, Query Execution Plan and Database Engine Tuning Advisor.  • Experienced in developing and managing stored procedures, Triggers, Indexes, views, Data Transformation services and Locking.  • Implementing CR (Change Request) and CA (Change Amendments) requested by users  • Performed BCP, BULK INSERT, Imported and Exported data from different Data Sources  • Expertise Security, Auditing and Compliance for the production and non-production databases.  • Proficient with SQL server Management Studio, Scheduling jobs with SQL server Agent and SQL Profiler.  • Strong experience in performing database consistency checks and planning and Recovery procedures.  • Experience in Creating and scheduling the jobs and troubleshooting the failed jobs.  • Experience in Bug/Issue tracking tool like Bugzilla, JIRA, BMC Remedy.  • Strong problem solving and analytical skills.  • Good communication and interpersonal skills, accustomed to work in a team environment with tight schedules, capable of working efficiently under pressure.  • Quick learner and good performer; work well independently and on a team.  • Experience is providing 24X7 support and on call rotation schedule.  • Willing to relocate: Anywhere Work Experience SQL Server Database Administrator Aspiraconnect - Dallas, TX January 2017 to Present Aspira Connect provides connected experiences for the outdoor recreation industry. Its comprehensive suite of reservation and licensing technology and service solutions support federal, state, provincial, and local government park, campground, and conservation agencies, conveniently connecting them with outdoor adventure seekers from around the world. Aspira is headquartered in Dallas, TX with nine offices worldwide.  Responsibilities:    • Installed stand-alone SQL Server 2016 on 64 bit systems.  • Implemented and maintained Always on Availability Group as Disaster Recovery solution on SQL Server 2016  • Migrated 2005 SQL Databases into 2014 SQL databases using Side-by-side Migration process.  • Implemented and maintained Log shipping as Disaster Recovery solution.  • Creation and management of Database maintenance plans for various database consistency checks.  • Installed, configured and administered Windows Server 2012 R2, Active Directory, and VMware.  • Rebuilding the indexes at regular intervals for better performance.  • Checking Database health by using DBCC commands and DMV's.  • Prepared the documentation for migrations and disaster recovery plans.  • Worked on configuring Linked Servers to execute commands against OLE DB data sources on different servers.  • Configuration and Maintenance of SSRS. Generated reports using SSRS  • Extensively worked on Developing SSAS Cubes, Aggregation, KPIs, Measures, Partitioning Cube, Data Mining Models and Deploying and Processing SSAS objects.  • Extensively worked on Developing SSAS Cubes, Aggregation, KPIs, Measures, Partitioning Cube, Data Mining Models and Deploying and Processing SSAS objects.  • Created jobs for rebuilding of indexes and updating statistics.  • Installed and configured SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).  • Auditing of database for Worked on logins, user permissions and security in SQL server level and fixing orphaned users and worked on logins, user permissions and security in SQL server level.  • Monitoring SQL server LOGS, Application logs (Event Viewer), Tuning SQL server databases using SQL Profiler, Performance monitor, database tuning advisor.  • Created and managed databases across Development and Production instances using SQL Server Management Studio.  • Plan capacity specification requirements for new database servers.    Environment: Microsoft Windows 2008 Server, Microsoft SQL Server 2008 R2, Microsoft SQL Server 2012, 2014 and 2016, Windows 2003 Server. SQL Developer/SQL DBA GP InfoTech Pvt Ltd March 2013 to December 2015 Multi-vendor solution that provides network caching for both Web Acceleration and Flash Streaming. It is a web-based Management System that administers and manages a large scale multi-platform infrastructure with multiple vendor devices. Additionally, it provides a variety of supportive functionalities.    Responsibilities:  • Expertise and Interest include Administration, Database Design, Performance Analysis, and Production.  • Involved in Migration of the Server SQL Server 2012 to 2014.  • Fixing data issues and writing various SQL scripts and procedures for migration process.  • Worked on High availability environment like Replication, Database Mirroring and Log Shipping.  • Extensively worked on Snapshot and Transactional Replication.  • Responsible for transferring packages using SSIS.  • Created and modified Stored Procedures and Functions to generate reports.  • Day-to-day activities such as backups to the disk and restore the databases and transaction.  • Troubleshoot performance problems and fine-tuning of databases.  • Monitored SQL server performance using SQL Profiler to find performance and deadlocks.  • Developed all the required stored procedures, user defined functions, triggers using T-SQL.  • Involved in Migration of the data to MSSQL Server 2012 & 2014 engines from Microsoft Access using Import & Export Wizards.  • Responsible for creating Constraints and Indexes.  • Created views to restrict access for the security of data in a table.  • Monitored performance of the scheduled jobs and alerts.  • Used SSRS to create drill-down and drill-through reports.  • Migrated data from different sources including flat files, MS Access, to SQL Server 2012 by using SSIS and Involved in SSIS Package, for Import/Export data.  • Supported the release management by promoting new database objects like Tables, Procedures, Functions, Indexes and Views using T-SQL in Development and Production environment for SQL Server 2012/2014.  • Analyzing query performance using SQL Profiler and tuning queries which are running slow by using different methods in terms of evaluating joins, indexes, updating Statistics and code modifications.  • Daily routine DBA tasks like handling user's permissions and space issues on Production and Semi-Production Servers and handling maintenance Jobs.  • Configured and maintained DR environments for various databases using Log Shipping and Mirroring SQL Server Developer Samyak Techno Solutions pvt Ltd May 2011 to February 2013 SamyakTechno Solutions Pvt Ltd are engaged in the manufacture of high quality glass containers to meet the stringent and demanding quality standards for the packaging needs of Food, Pharmaceuticals, Soft Drinks, Spirits and other industries.    Responsibilities:  • Involved in requirements gathering, analysis, design, and development and participated in all phases of SDLC.  • Created new database logically and physically designed to fit new business requirements.  • Created Database Objects - Tables, Indexes, Views, Triggers and Constraints.  • Wrote various stored procedures for the purpose of application development.  • Implemented Functions, views, triggers, stored procedures and enforced business rules via checks and constraints.  • Wrote different complex SQL queries including inner, outer join and update queries.  • Modified current database by adding tables, indexes and constraints.  • Rebuilt indexes on tables using various SQL Server commands to reduce fragmentation.  • Develop views using base tables and customized them to use it in the reports.  • Wrote triggers to insert and update the captured data.  • Extensively used T-SQL in constructing Stored Procedures, Common Table Expressions (CTEs), User Functions, Relational Database Models, and Data Integrity.  • Performance tuning of the SQL 2012 servers in order to reduce I/O and Memory contentions.  • Optimized SQL queries for efficiency and provided procedures for the front-end application.  • Wrote larger and complex T-SQL procedures and functions to efficiently perform complex business logic to summarize data.  • Performed operations like validation and error handling after Extracting data into SQL Server.  • Prepared various project related documents and gave presentations to the team. Education Bachelor's Skills DATA TRANSFORMATION, DATABASE, DDL, MS SQL SERVER, MS SQL SERVER 2012, MYSQL, DBA, Sql Server, Sql Dba Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    Operating Systems Windows Server 2012/2008, 2016 Windows 7/Vista/XP, Linux, UNIX  Databases MS SQL Server 2012/2014, 2016 MS Office Access  Languages SQL,HTML,NOSQL, T-SQL, C#, JavaScript, CSS, Postgre SQL  Applications  Microsoft Office, Excel, Setting up Log Shipping & using DTS (Data Transformation Service), Administration and Installing of MS SQL Server 2012,2014    SQL Server  Management Studio, Business Intelligence Development Studio, Enterprise Manager, Query Analyzer, Profiler, Performance Monitor, SQL, T-SQL, DDL, DML, Stored Procedures, UDF, Triggers, DTS/SSIS, Log Shipping, Server Network Utility, Database Tuning Wizard, Index Tuning Wizard, SSIS, Microsoft Clustering Services (MSCS),    ETL & Reporting Tools SSIS, SSRS, SSAS  Others Diagnostic Manager, Quest Spotlight, SQL Light speed, Agile, Jira, Bugzilla, BMC Remedy, Sharepoint.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1511.html#571:::Digital/Ecommerce Coordinator Technician;Store System Engineer;Restaurant Technology Analyst;IT Project Coordinator / IT Systems Administrator;POS Database Administrator;IT Systems Administrator;IT Systems Administrator;Level Two Software Analyst:::Digital/Ecommerce Coordinator Technician Digital/Ecommerce Coordinator Technician Digital/Ecommerce Coordinator Technician - Wingstop / Robert Half Dallas Plano, TX Work Experience Digital/Ecommerce Coordinator Technician Wingstop / Robert Half Dallas April 2018 to Present • Lead on deploying 3rd party delivery service to cooperating franchise locations  • Confirming launch dates once paperwork was completed by franchise owners  • Coordinated between brand leaders and multipliable vendors  • Q&A once sites were up and running  • Confirmed sales after one week of delivery go live date  • Updated mapping in OLO for promos and menu changes  • Updated price sheets in Aloha for improvement on delivery services for franchise owners  • Q&A on all platforms (Web, Mobile and 3rd party delivery service) Store System Engineer Smoothie King / Robert Half Coppell April 2018 to September 2018 • Admin for Restaurant Magic's Data Central (Inventory, Sales and Labor system)  • Created Profiles  • Worked with the Purchasing department and 12 regional vendors to keep items up to date  • Assisted level 1 and 2 on the helpdesk with Data Central issues  • Assisted franchisee owners and store managers to resolve data central out of period issues  • Partnered with OLO to create Smoothie King's first online ordering system  • Mapped all items and modifier groups in OLO Restaurant Technology Analyst Pei Wei / MDI Group - Irving, TX March 2018 to August 2018 • Helped build IT team from P.F. Chang/Pei Wei split  • Created SOPs and IT KBS  • Created Knowledgebase in new ticketing system.  • Worked tickets to help move from 3rd party restaurant support to in-house support  • Re-worked and built three POS test labs (Old 3rd Party Image, Pre-Production, Production)  • Updated menu with new items and price tiering in Aloha QS CFC  • Changed Screen designs in the POS  • Complimented the Marketing team by running Q&A  • Worked NBO (MenuLink) issues  • Worked vendor issues, such as OLO, Punchh, BrightSign, Verifone  • Supported stores directly with the general managers and higher  • Root cause analyzing (Reading though log files) IT Project Coordinator / IT Systems Administrator Dickey's Barbecue Corp - Dallas, TX February 2017 to March 2018 Managed a team of 6 for a hardware rollout, along with everyday  Aloha issues.  • My agents solely reported to me. As I was also in charge of hiring and firing for my team  • I was an escalation point of contact  • Over saw the SHA-2 update  • Created call schedule for techs to call Owners to preform installs  • Updated Aloha POS to work with Chase VX 520 VeriFones  • Worked with NSOs to install IT hardware before a new store would open  • Gave daily updates via email and meetings to VPs and CEO on progress  • Daily calls with development team to work out any software bugs for online system  • Worked with 3rd party vendors to complete hardware updates  • Managed POS Database with CFC POS Database Administrator Chalak Mitra Group of companies - Dallas, TX November 2015 to February 2017 • Aloha database administrator for a multi concept, multi-unit restaurant company  • Aloha POS for both Table and Quick service  • Support for OLO, Aloha POS, CFC, CMC, KDS, EDC, Trustwave  • Upgrading POS to meet PCI compliance (All software and Hardware)  • Database (Aloha CFC) change request from corporate office and Store GMs (Promos, Price Change, Event Changes, Menu Updates, New Items, etc )  • Building new database for brand new concept for the company (Richard Rawlings' Garage)  • On call for afterhours and weekend support for the stores  • Resolving tickets that the sites or corporate office might put in. In a timely manner. IT Systems Administrator Spaghetti Warehouse Restaurants, Inc - Dallas, TX April 2015 to October 2015 • Project manager on all SWRI IT operations  • Updating and repairing food/ labor database (MenuLink)  • Managing POS Database with Aloha Manager  • Working with Sysco for auto importing into MenuLink  • Developing a new relationship with NCR, to benefit SWRI. (New hardware and Software contracts)  • Daily IT support in the SWRI office: Laptops, Printer, email, network, etc.  • Tightly working alongside other departments, such as marketing and training IT Systems Administrator Dickey's Barbecue Corp - Dallas, TX July 2014 to April 2015 • Managed POS Database with Aloha Manager and CFC  • Remotely deployed new stores  • Project manager on Aloha Configuration Center roll-out  • Support all Aloha issues for corporate stores  • Support for Online Ordering system (OLO)  • Support for Transweb (Sales and Labor polling tool)  • Resolved missing sales issues  • Auditing system logs  • Designed new layouts and configured new functions within the Aloha POS system. Level Two Software Analyst NCR - Fort Worth, TX July 2012 to July 2014 • Support for Aloha Table and Quick Service POS  • Support for Aloha Kitchen and Radiant Video  • Support for back of house fileserver  • MenuLink Support  • Support for front of house Radiant terminals  • Restaurant network troubleshooting  • Working with restaurant managers and corporate IT  • Maintaining SharePoint for internal knowledge base
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1512.html#572:::Wireless Manager;Teacher Education Program;Wireless Manager;Hardlines Associate;Oracle/SQL Database Administrator;Team Member;member;Team Member;Cheerleader:::Wireless Manager Wireless Manager Odenton, MD Work Experience Wireless Manager Wireless Advocates - Annapolis, MD August 2018 to Present Teacher Education Program Howard Community College January 2016 to Present Teacher Education transfer programs prepare students for transfer into four-year education programs leading to a bachelor's degree. Upon completion of the education degree, students may earn their credential to be certified to teach in the state where the credential is acquired. Maryland has reciprocal certification agreements with most states. Wireless Manager AAFES - Fort Meade, MD August 2015 to September 2018 Hardlines Associate Central Checkout August 2015 to September 2018 Sells a variety of merchandise to customers using salesmanship and courtesy. Explained technical or artistic details necessary to realize full utilization/enjoyment of products purchased or information and decorating service relative to specialized in membership programs. Oracle/SQL Database Administrator New Way IT Solutions - College Park, MD June 2014 to September 2017 Manage, troubleshoot and resolve oracle database, RAC and applications issues.  Perform database cloning for pluggable database. Part of team that converted a non-container database to a container database. Perform creation of Container Pluggable databases. Part of team that upgraded 11.2.0.2 database to 12c database. Perform patching of 12c database. Refresh/Clone Database and applications for development and testing purpose. Perform installation, maintenance, and troubleshooting and performance administration of Oracle 11g.  Perform Online and Offline database backups on schedule. Scripting (shell) of automated backup for Cold / Hot backups and also defining and Setting backup and recovery procedures. Develop backup and recovery strategies for different disaster scenarios. Review alert logs and dump files to check for any problems related to the database/user. Perform database cloning/exp/imp to setup identical databases in the production and development environments. Identify Top SQL that are consuming heavy resources and provide support to the development team in identifying SQL queries that are consuming high resources and to see if these queries can be fine-tuned for better performance. Team Member SEARS - Columbia, MD February 2015 to September 2015 Responsible for providing excellent customer service, efficiently and accurately completing sales and service transactions at the cash wraps, as well as handle customer issues that may arise on the sales floor. member Junior Dance Company August 2012 to June 2015 classes are run by a variety of high quality instructors and dance studios with many options for days/times/locations. Dance genres include: dance basics, ballet, pre-ballet, tap, jazz, hip-hop, rhythm & steps, and creative movement. Team Member AMC Theaters - Columbia, MD May 2013 to November 2014 Sold movie tickets and AMC Gift Cards and informed guests about current featured films, policies, programs and more. Cleaned and maintained the auditoriums, restrooms and lobbies while controlling access to the theatre and the auditoriums. Prepared and served concession items to guests, cleaned the concession area and assisted with other theatre functions.  • Extracurricular Activities Cheerleader WILDE LAKE HIGHSCHOOL August 2013 to May 2014 A member of a group that performs coordinated routines typically combining gymnastic and dance maneuvers, originally including rhythmic chants to encourage spectators to cheer at an athletic event, but often in competition with similar groups. Education Associates in English, Dance, History Howard Community College - Columbia, MD January 2016 H.S. Diploma Wilde Lake High School - Columbia, MD August 2013 High school or equivalent Hammond High School - Columbia, MD August 2012 to June 2013
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1513.html#573:::Quality Assurance Auditor;Court Appointed Special Advocate Volunteer;Database Administrator;Outlook;Quickbooks;Payroll;Administrative Assistant;Excel;Filing;MS Office;Receptionist;Word;Scheduling:::Quality Assurance Auditor Quality Assurance Auditor Calu Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Quality Assurance Auditor Cook County Sheriff Department - Chicago, IL Present • Complete internal operational audits to determine compliance with the guidelines established by the department General Orders, department Rules and Regulations, the American Correctional Association Standards, Illinois Complied Statues, Illinois Jail standards and Duran Consent Decrees.    • Reviews completed work performed by the records office Administrative Assistant’s to assess completeness, accuracy and overall quality. Reports deficiencies to supervisors and make corrections as needed. Reviews court discharge records to confirm discharge disposition’s.    • Maintain a high level of interactive communication with professional staff, supervisors and managers in order to properly assess the clerical, secretarial and administrative needs and urgency’s of the department.    • In the Executive’s absence, ensures that requests for action or information are relayed to the appropriate staff member; as needed; interpret request and help implement action; make sure that information is furnished I a timely manner; notifies the Shift Commander of important matters, including emergency incidents. Court Appointed Special Advocate Volunteer CASA Of Cook County - Chicago, IL August 2003 to September 2010 • Process new cases assigned by the court, including reviewing relevant records, documents, and clinical data in order to be fully up-to-date on a child’s specific situation.    • Performed monthly in-home visits with children. Track child’s progress toward goals, alerting the court to any circumstances require modifications of a court order.    • Appeared in court on behalf of child attended all case reviews and staffing related to the child’s well-being. Verified the child received adequate counseling, education, social, and medical services.     • Interviewed social workers, foster parents, and other involved parties to ensure all relevant facts were available for court hearings. Prepared written reports for court and provided oral testimony when needed. Database Administrator Access Living - Chicago, IL October 2004 to August 2008 • Performed on-going database maintenance and upkeep. Generated data lists and reports, conduct a queries, and recommended methods to simplify and approve database coding. Assisted with developing and implementing database conversion plan.   • Collaborated with finance and development department’s to create simplified, consistent, and accurate reports. Provided training for Department staff to ensure database was used to maximum efficiency.  • Reconciled monthly contributions. Worked with Development Director to increase online giving capacity. Education Master's in Child and Family Law Loyola University Chicago - Chicago, IL August 2008 to May 2011 Bachelor's in Criminal Justice and Psychology Chicago State University - Chicago, IL August 2003 to June 2007 Skills Outlook, Quickbooks, Payroll, Administrative Assistant, Excel, Filing, MS Office, Receptionist, Word, Scheduling Awards Alpha Sigma Lambda Honor Society 2005-06 Additional Information LEADS certified (Law Enforcement Automated Data System)
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1514.html#574:::Business Analyst/ Scrum Master;Scrum Master/Business Analyst;Scrum Master/Project Manager;Scrum Master;Database Administrator / Scrum Master:::Business Analyst/ Scrum Master Business Analyst/ Scrum Master Business Analyst/ Scrum Master - NASA Takoma Park, MD Experienced Agile Software Development professional with outstanding qualifications and track record in delivering and managing Agile software projects. Vanessa is responsible for leading project teams and facilitating the Agile approach within these teams. With over five years of hands-on experience as a Scrum Master, Vanessa possesses strong communication skills, ability to effectively manage a technical team, quickly comprehend complex subjects and guide products through the full requirement, release and support lifecycle. Additionally, she arranges meetings, sprints, and demos. Her day-to-day responsibilities of a certified Scrum Master include developing and maintaining Agile training, gathering requirements, providing guidance to the team as well as the customers, ensuring that processes are aligned with the goals of the business, and measuring processes against the corporate quality goals. Work Experience Business Analyst/ Scrum Master NASA - Washington, DC February 2019 to Present Coordinate and communicate with other members of the team to ensure overall project goals are being met in relation to business analysis.  •Responsible for identifying and developing requirements, and establishing requirements traceability to the business vision.  •Work closely with the technical team in the definition, testing, training, implementation, and support of functional requirements.  •Solicit requirements and user stories through interviews, workshops, and/or existing systems documentation or procedures.  •Develop project and communications documents, conduct analysis of alternatives, and develop white papers, roadmaps and case studies.  •Serve as Scrum Master, to help build high performing teams, build shippable product and be responsible for leading agile best practices, specifically Scrum, and project coordination.  •Ensure Scrum is understood, and work with the team to solve problems and to drive continuous improvement and business owner satisfaction.  •Organize and facilitate all Scrum related meetings (stand-ups, retrospectives, reviews, demos, etc.).  •Work with the team to develop project plans, roadmaps and manage backlog. Communicate team plans, report impediments for escalation, identify risks/concerns to relevant stakeholders to help resolve.  •Work with product owners and stakeholders to refine vision and establish goals and metrics.  •Update Agile tracking system daily to provide transparency on product and sprint backlogs. Track and communicate team velocity and sprint progress to all affected teams and management. Scrum Master/Business Analyst Accenture Federal Service - Chantilly, VA February 2018 to February 2019 • Manage client relationship and set appropriate expectations  • Assisted with internal and external communication, improving transparency and radiating communication.  • Supported and educated the solution delivery managers, especially with respect to grooming and maintaining product backlog  • Facilitate Scrum ceremonies/events including sprint planning, daily stand up, product backlog grooming, and Retrospective  • Teach and Drive the use of Lean Agile/Scrum practices on all teams including; user story writing, definition of done, team estimation, timely JIRA updating, etc.  • Tracked data from the sprint process and report regularly (burn up and burn down charts, defect metrics etc.) to facilitate understanding of where we are and provide basis for future process improvements.  • Provided agile expertise and guidance for the project management cycle and other IT-related processes.  • Cross-team coordination and collaboration.  • Removed impediments  • Worked cross functionally to align strategy, methodology and execution.  • Maintained metrics that provide visibility to stakeholders on team-level progress and quality.  • Actively contributed to the company's agile community through participation in agile community of practice and Scrum master forums.  • Provided real time feedback to the methodology team based on experiences with software delivery teams. Scrum Master/Project Manager Connections Education - Columbia, MD September 2015 to January 2018 Organize and facilitate Scrum ceremonies and backlog refinement under minimal supervision  • Champion Agile software development best practices, acting as a coach to the Scrum teams  • Support the Product Owner in grooming and maintaining the product backlog  Track and communicate team status and progress via burnup and burndown charts, as well as other information radiators, to the team, management, and stakeholders' ¬ ensuring it accurately reflects current state  • Take responsibility for managing dependencies between the Scrum team and others, collaborating within the Scrum Master Network ¬ especially with regard to items necessary for product release  • Demonstrate sense of urgency and responsiveness to complete work and solve problems, with a strong drive to persevere when faced with ambiguity  • Proactively remove or escalate roadblocks to allow team progress  • Maintains relevant metrics to help the team monitor their performance  • Encourages continual improvement in engineering practices to improve code quality and delivery • Coordinates timely response and support to production line customer issues, when escalated Scrum Master United Health Group - Basking Ridge, NJ June 2014 to August 2015 • Facilitating release/sprint planning, grooming, daily stand-ups, retrospectives and demos.  • Tracking and communicating team capacity/velocity  • Ensure the development teams are practicing within the agile framework  • Provide internal and external communications to improve transparency and accountability  • Participate proactively in developing and maintaining team standards, tools, and best practices  • Identify and remove impediments and prevent distractions to the teams  • Empower the team to self-organize and self-manage  • Participate in weekly meetings to report project status/risks  • Utilizing Rally for metrics/reports, user stories and defect tracking Database Administrator / Scrum Master Xerox - Elkridge, MD September 2011 to May 2014 • Spearheaded Agile/ Scrum implementation plan to move Xerox from Waterfall to Scrum to further the organization's streamlined approach to software development  • Trained the entire Xerox Department of Human Resources (DHR) apps group, and parts of the State of MD in Scrum to better understand agile practices and principles  • Contributed to the authorship of PMO artifacts such as the Xerox Project Charter that redefined the organization's role within the Agile Framework going forward  • Coordinated Scrum ceremonies: Sprint Planning, Daily Scrum, Sprint Review (Demo), Retrospectives, Backlog Refinement to ensure continuous inspection and adaption of software development lifecycle  • Identified impediments and dysfunctions to the teams and the Agile/ Scrum process within organization to limit transitional setbacks and maximize team output  • Negotiated feature and deliverable scope and schedule through excellent client (Product Owner) management to ensure a quality finished product  • Engaged clients, stakeholders and end users to incorporate usability and interface needs in the design to make certain delivered product reflects exact specifications  • Organized and scheduled training of internal and remote users in Agile/ Scrum methodology.  •Taking Backups on scheduled time and Monitoring Scheduled Backups  •Creating and dropping of users, granting and revoking rights as and when required.  •Checking of Oracle files for abnormal behaviors.  •Day to day Performance Monitoring and tuning of database.  •Diagnose and Troubleshoot Database Problems and failures  •Involved in the Design (Logical & Physical) of Databases  •Preparing Backup and Recovery Plan.  •Create oracle databases (single instance) on configured servers using both the DBCA & Database creation scripts. Education B.S. in Information Technology in Information Technology University of Maryland Baltimore Campus - Baltimore, MD May 2021
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1515.html#575:::Curriculum Development Specialist;Software Engineer;Web Application Developer;Full-Stack Developer;Full-Stack Developer;SQL Server Database Administrator;Django;Html;Javascript;Angular.js;Bootstrap;Python;Ruby;Rails;Ruby on rails;Html5;jquery;Ajax;Css;Frameworks:::Curriculum Development Specialist Curriculum Development Specialist Software Engineer Houston, TX Overview    "Without craftsmanship, inspiration is a mere reed shaken in the wind."  - Johannes Brahms German Composer    I am a professional software developer with more than 6 years experience. I am passionate about  developing high quality software that people enjoy using. I am a full-stack developer that places user  experience and design at the forefront of the development process, thereby facilitating a clear vision for  the future of a product. I am comfortable in a multitude of development environments from Linux, to Mac,  to Windows, but I am no evangelist. I enjoy the process of building software no matter the language or  environment. I got my start in Linux using Vim to write C and C++ while as a university student, then  moved on working with Javascript, Python, and Ruby programming languages in my professional life. The  majority of my professional experience is in Ruby/Rails (3 years) and Python/Django (3 years). I enjoy  working with web technologies because of the constantly changing technological landscape, and the  extensibility of web based platforms.    Personal Background  ? U.S. Army Medic July 2007 - July 2011  ? Deployed to Iraq 2008 - 2009 with 2-6 Infantry PSD Platoon Work Experience Curriculum Development Specialist Condensed Curriculum International May 2019 to July 2019 Developed full course curriculum to be used by Amazon employees for Microsoft (MTA 98-375  Front-End Web Developer Certification) Software Engineer Waste Management Security Services October 2015 to March 2019 Developed and maintained enterprise web application, and test suite    Technologies Used  ? Angular.js, Ajax, Bootstrap, CSS3, Html5, Javascript (jQuery), Linux (Gentoo), Materialize, Python (Django)    Responsibilities, Applications Developed / Maintained  ? Incident Management  * FireEye Incident Management System(Django, Ajax. Angular.js)  ? Listen and parse FireEye (cyber security) software and provide a web  interface to facilitate chain of custody, reports, asset information and management  * Case Management (Django)  ? Provide web and mobile accessible software to manage legal and hr  case creation and workflows with email dispatch to provide notifications  ? Asset Management (Django)  * IT Networking libraries (netaddr, socket)  ? Creation and management of site specific network subnets  ? SCADA/Security device management  ? Contract and Case Management (Django, Pandas)  * Contract Analysis  ? Python Tesseract OCR - wrote software to analyze and parse contracts  for pertinent information such as: dates and stipulations important to end  user  ? Pro Forma Parser - software that parses financial data (provided in Excel) and creates stylized reports per designs set out by management  using Javascript charting libraries  ? (D3.js, Highcharts, Google Charts)  ? (Legal) Case management software, designed to handle the entire life  cycle of a case and all ancillary concerns..    Companion DX Labs (Full-Time Position) Web Application Developer May 2015 to October 2015 Developed and maintained enterprise web application and lab information management system  (LIMS)  Technologies Used  ? Ruby, Ruby on Rails, Javascript, Jquery, Ajax, Html, CSS /SASS, Bootstrap, SQL, SQL  Server, LIMS    Responsibilities, Applications Developed / Maintained  ? Researcher Interface for laboratory testing systems  ? Customer portal providing lab results and client - doctor communications Full-Stack Developer Orlin Research March 2015 to May 2015 Created public-facing website, and added new features for statistical research application  Technologies Used  ? Ruby, Ruby on Rails, PHP, MySQL, Javascript, Jquery, CSS, Bootstrap, Postgres  ? www.orlinresearch.com    Responsibilities, Applications Developed / Maintained  ? Optimized queries in PHP for legacy application  ? Created client side interface to Unix system and MySql using Ruby for legacy application  ? Optimized database performance. Full-Stack Developer Poetic Systems November 2014 to February 2015 Developed complete rework of legacy application (Dress for Success)  Technologies Used  ? Ruby on Rails, Postgres, Jquery, Ajax, Coffeescript, Heroku, Haml, CSS, Bootstrap  ? www.dfshouston.org    Responsibilities, Applications Developed / Maintained  ? Implemented new features based on client preferences and consultations  ? Adhered to TDD Best Practices using Rspec and Capybara  ? Strong adherence to Agile methodologies SQL Server Database Administrator Halcon Resources December 2013 to October 2014 Contractor)  ? SQL Server Database Administrator    Technologies Used  ? Microsoft SQL Server (Visual Basic, C#)    Responsibilities, Applications Developed / Maintained  ? Maintained a 95% same day turnaround time for all help tickets assigned  ? Performed database maintenance tasks (Backup, Restore, Re-indexing, and Optimization)  ? Database and Server consolidation project. 13 servers to 5. Creating $32,000 in savings Education M.S in Psychology University of Houston College of Liberal Arts June 2020 B.S. in Computer Science Oregon State College of Engineering June 2013 B.A. in Political Science University of Houston College of Liberal Arts and Social Science May 2006 Skills Django, Html, Javascript, Angular.js, Bootstrap, Python, Ruby, Rails, Ruby on rails, Html5, jquery, Ajax, Css, Frameworks Additional Information Skills & Abilities  Programming Languages:  CSS3, Html5, Javascript, Python, Ruby    Frameworks and Libraries  Angular.js (Javascript) Django (Python), Ruby on Rails (Ruby), jQuery (Javascript), Ajax (Javascript),  Bootstrap (Html, CSS, Javascript), Materialize (Html, CSS, Javascript)
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1516.html#576:::Data Analyst;Database Administrator;IT Support Specialist;IT Security Analyst/Fraud Prevention Analyst;Ms sql server;Sql server;Sql;Microsoft Visual studio;Html;Xml;Ms office;Ms sql server 2008:::Data Analyst Data Analyst Dallas, TX Work Experience Data Analyst Cintas Corporation - Midland, TX February 2018 to July 2019 ·        Perform day to day analysis of pricing to determine overall effectiveness of pricing strategy and plan. Manage exception reporting with the EDI team/IT  ·        Manage existing pricing model, including making code updates in SQL server for strategy changes and/or automation  ·        Prepare necessary modeling to determine pricing opportunities across customer segments and product categories for the sales and product teams  ·        Provide the ecommerce team data-driven insights and analysis to support ongoing sales and profitability growth in both wholesale and direct-to-consumer initiatives  ·        Manage retail price scraping tools in order to evaluate competitive information to continually align pricing strategies within the marketplace.  ·        Support analysis for pricing-related promotional activity on an ongoing  ·        Collaborate with the Product Managers and VP of Sales on detail and timing of pricing changes  ·        Used best practices to understand the data and develop statistical, analytical techniques to build models that address business needs.  ·        Understanding of the logical and physical design of application systems, and applies that knowledge to projects ensure the design is consistent and well-integrated with existing conceptual, logical, and physical application architectures  ·        Analyze and estimate feasibility, costs, time, and resources needed to develop, and implement application systems for projects with enterprise-wide impact  ·        Supports team members on various projects  ·        Showed initiative through pursuit of various development opportunities within the team   ·        Worked with Team members to create and communicate results from highly complex data analysis and models Database Administrator I-Ping Solutions - Dallas, TX February 2016 to December 2017 • Provide efficiency to query and retrieve data.  • High Proficiency in SQL, reporting tools  • Secure, control the access to the data in the database  • Update data and safeguard the importance of data in the database  • Provide technical support of database environments/applications.  • Performance monitoring, database maintenance, process automation, evaluation, and tuning recommendations  • Develop, implement and support backup/restore, disaster recovery and data replication procedures and exercises  • Participate in all aspects of the lifecycle for database environments; and in the implementation of application requested database code and configuration changes in supported database environments  • Contribute in the creation of new policies, procedures, projects and processes; Evaluate, document, and recommend database-related software products within technical architecture framework  • Interact with various technology teams regarding work requests submitted, participate in the creation of new policies, procedures, projects, processes and participate in all aspects of the lifecycle for database environments  • Provide technical guidance for junior members of the team and create periodic status reports for management IT Support Specialist CHEMOIL Energy - Midland, TX April 2014 to December 2015 • Effectively manage issues through multiple forms of inbound requests including calls, e-mails, Chat, web forms, or client tracking/ticketing databases  • Instruct end users in the appropriate use of equipment, software, and/or reference materials  • Data entry (management of data) -accurately prioritize, categorize, track and log calls, tickets, chats, etc. following client or internal tracking protocols  • Troubleshoot and resolve issues related to hardware/software, password resets, Microsoft operating systems, security, desktop applications, and peripherals  • Worked closely with other team members to identify and suggest resolutions and improvements IT Security Analyst/Fraud Prevention Analyst Skye Bank - Lagos, NG January 2012 to February 2014 • Conduct fraud analytics on customer and transactional data and provide recommendations and insight  • Identify fraud patterns and trends, and incorporate findings into operational workflows  • Create and curate daily operational reports for analysts  • Create custom rules in fraud management tools to better increase tools' effectiveness.  • Manage monthly processes and reporting tasks (including chargeback)  • Create, maintain, and present monthly fraud metrics to Sr. Manager  • Research, track, and recommend actions based on identified industry fraud trends  • Serve as point for fraud investigations and prevention efforts  • Serve as a mentor to L1 analysts and assist in training efforts.  • Perform special assignments and projects as assigned by the Sr. Manager  • Develop and execute security controls, defenses and countermeasures to intercept and prevent internal and external attempts to infiltrate company resources  • Monitor and research efforts to compromise information security  • Administer and monitor compliance to and effectiveness of security policies  • Provide regular reports to management regarding existing and potential risks  • Research and implement options to improve security technologies in the organization  • Identify, analyze and resolve system design weaknesses  • Administer and use various open-source and Enterprise-grade security tools  • Develop new and enhance existing team documentation Education Associate Degree Midland College January 2015 to December 2017 Data Analytics Colaberry School of Data Analytics 2015 Skills Ms sql server, Sql server, Sql, Microsoft Visual studio, Html, Xml, Ms office, Ms sql server 2008 Additional Information KEY SKILLS AND STRENGTHS  Professional/Management: Technical and analytical skills  Simultaneous management of multiple tasks  Independent working with minimal supervision  Ability to meet deadlines  Communication: Strong interpersonal and communication skills (written and oral)  Team coordination  Broad writing and editing skill  IT and Technical: Databases: MS SQL Server 2008/ 2012/2014/2012  Programming Languages and Software: T-SQL, HTML, XML, Flat file, Visual Studio 2008 and MS Office 2007/2010 software
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1517.html#577:::Account Management Specialist;Logistics Analyst (Escalation Team);Import Logistics Coordinator;Rental Management Trainee;Database Administrator;Servicing Specialist;Customer Service Representative:::Account Management Specialist Account Management Specialist Account Management Specialist - Hub Group Roswell, GA • Skilled in Microsoft Office programs, including Access, Excel, PowerPoint, & Project  • Detail oriented and highly organized  • Ability to comfortably switch gears and adapt  • Strong problem solver and critical thinker    • Leadership initiative as well as a team player  • Experienced in navigating multiple computer systems while interacting with clients or team  • Ability to effectively communicate and connect with a variety of internal and external customers. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Account Management Specialist Hub Group - Atlanta, GA August 2018 to Present Acts as the primary liaison between the company and assigned VIP account  ? Develops proactive relationship with client through resolution of any issues or concerns  ? Manages, monitors, and reports order acceptance, order maintenance, and accessorial  ? Determines which accessorial can be billed while following business protocol for conclusion  ? Offers alternative transportation solutions as necessary by analyzing internal and external account metrics  ? Manages delivery appointment needs for customer by location and product  ? Maximizes margin, network efficiency, and OTP (On time Performance) while working to reduce customer cost exposure Logistics Analyst (Escalation Team) Mitsui O.S.K Lines - Atlanta, GA August 2017 to March 2018 Serve as the escalation point for unresolved issues for Import and Export shipments  ? Investigate and address complaints and critical incidents (up to 10 cases on avg daily)  ? Book and revise shipments for smooth transit  ? Seek to improve service delivery and limit process breakdowns  ? Document service challenges via a ticketing process and follows the incident through closure  ? Update manifest on bill of ladings to ensure legal regulations are being met at destination  ? Communicate with customer beyond traditional service; create close business relationship with customers through voice and email communication Import Logistics Coordinator Mitsui O.S.K Lines - Atlanta, GA December 2016 to August 2017 Monitored containers on marine and rail terminal  ? Managed high volume up to 70 phone calls daily and 50+ emails  ? Utilized all MOL service contracts, tariffs, and regulatory documents  ? Processed all manifest corrections, cargo releases, and demurrage invoicing  ? Acted as the liaison between customer, carrier services, rail team, and customs exam sites  ? Properly handled specialized shipments including west coast, east coast, and Canadian cross border shipments, and Free Trade Zones  ? Navigated through multiple operation websites to ensure accuracy of information Rental Management Trainee Ryder Systems - Atlanta, GA August 2015 to December 2016 Handled sales calls and exceeded goal of 200 calls monthly  ? Responsible for generating rental, lease and used vehicle sales leads  ? Collected from customers with outstanding balances  ? Performed vehicle damage inspections and obtained insurance estimates  ? Maintained current accurate data and reporting within the company's marketing database  ? Processed accident and insurance packages based on Ryder's policy  ? Generated daily operational reports to ensure customer accounts are non-delinquent  ? Reconciled all customer concerns, issues, disputes in order to maintain the ongoing relationship Database Administrator Robert Half - Atlanta, GA April 2015 to June 2015 Collected, organized, and assisted with planning of transitioning data to newer platform  ? Performed Quality Assurance software testing  ? Optimized documents to comply with regulatory policies and standards  ? Assisted with military credentialing screening Servicing Specialist Ultimate Staffing - Atlanta, GA September 2014 to March 2015 Collected, organized, and assisted with planning of transitioning data to newer platform  ? Performed Quality Assurance software testing  ? Optimized documents to comply with regulatory policies and standards  ? Assisted with military credentialing screening Customer Service Representative Shaw Industries - Cartersville, GA June 2010 to September 2014 Efficiently directed in excess of 100 calls per day to appropriate departments  ? Routinely addressed customers' questions and concerns regarding their orders and accounts  ? Processed requested in accordance with service level agreements in Excel Education Bachelor of Science Kennesaw State University May 2014 Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/sakira-lauren-ensley-b4564098
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1518.html#578:::PROJECT MANAGER/TECHNICAL SUPPORT OFFICER;DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR/HELP DESK ASSOCIATE;TECHNICAL SUPPORT ENGINEER;Project planning;Database;Lan/wan;Tcp;Tcp/ip;Vmware;Vpn;Wireless;Optimization;Operations;Excellent communication skills;Lan:::PROJECT MANAGER/TECHNICAL SUPPORT OFFICER PROJECT MANAGER/TECHNICAL SUPPORT OFFICER PROJECT MANAGER/TECHNICAL SUPPORT OFFICER - Remote Ally Anaheim, CA Seasoned IT professional with 6+ years' experience offering complex technical knowledge and strong time management skills coupled with exceptional leadership and project management skills. Well-organized, systematic and diplomatic in building consensus and spearheading teams. Specialize in technical support, project planning and implementation. Work Experience PROJECT MANAGER/TECHNICAL SUPPORT OFFICER Remote Ally - Los Alamitos, CA April 2018 to Present • Worked with vendor support contacts to resolve technical problems with desktop computing equipment, security camera equipment and software  • Worked with procurement staff to purchase hardware and software  • Managed Installation projects from inception to completion  • Hardware Installations, Troubleshooting, Maintenance and Repairs and Project Implementation  • Proposed technical feasibility solutions for new functional designs and suggested options for performance improvement of technical objects  • Acted as the on-site contact for all IT related incidents logged in 'Connect-wise', delivering high quality support across all key applications, networks and desktops/laptops  • Managed staff scheduling for over 200 jobs and coordinated all project planning and material planning  • Took active role in company growth by consistently providing quality customer service to promote growth and retention  • Closely collaborated with project members to identify and quickly address problems  • Implemented set of comprehensive tracking processes to monitor project performance DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR/HELP DESK ASSOCIATE Discounted Wheel Warehouse - Fullerton, CA August 2015 to March 2018 • Maintaining database for the company products and its clients  • Updating and analyzing sales data to develop dynamic algorithm to increase efficiency for sales team  • Project management and support for different teams in the company, coordinated with systems partners to finalize designs and confirm requirements  • Ensuring all office systems, servers are performing at optimal levels and had no down-time, performance monitoring, provided continued maintenance and development for bug fixes and patch sets for existing web applications  • PC Troubleshooting and Phone system support  • Windows Server and Active Directory Support  • Assign users and computers to proper groups in Active Directory  • Developed and implemented complex internet applications on multiple platforms  • Manage File shares and network printers on Windows 2008/2012/2016 server  • Implemented company policies, technical procedures and standards for preserving the integrity and security of data, reports and access TECHNICAL SUPPORT ENGINEER Square Group - London January 2014 to June 2015 UK  • Received and logged calls on behalf of customers using our IT Service Management tools (Auto-task); ensuring accurate data entry.  • Managed incidents, requests and problems in line with the ITIL incident management, request fulfillment and problem management processes and local procedures.  • Documented, tracked and monitored IT assets including hardware, software, phones.  • Provide remote assistance over the phone, through the use of remote support tools including Team Viewer and logmein rescue.  • Imaging or reimaging computers and handheld devices locally or using remote deployment tools.  • Update records throughout all stages of all processes so customers and colleagues can view the latest information at any time, also proactively keep customers informed throughout all stages of all processes by phone, email and instant messenger.  • Partnered with IT subject matter experts to resolve 2nd and 3rd level technical issues with networks, servers and enterprise applications.  • Recommended architectural improvements, design solutions and integration solutions.  • Performed network troubleshooting to isolate and diagnose common network problems. Education M.Sc in Information Technology London School of Commerce - London 2013 B.Sc in Computer Science and Technology Crawford University 2011 Skills Project planning, Database, Lan/wan, Tcp, Tcp/ip, Vmware, Vpn, Wireless, Optimization, Operations, Excellent communication skills, Lan Additional Information SKILLS  • Excellent Understanding of Database designs, operations and Management Information Systems  • Detail orientation, technical details, following established processes and assisting with the development of new or changes to support processes  • Good knowledge of AWS, VMware, LAN/WAN networks, TCP/IP protocols, , Wireless, VPN, and Network technologies    • Project planning and development  • Timeline management and process optimization  • Project management  • Possess In-Depth Knowledge of Numerous Software Packages and Operating Systems  • Excellent diagnostic skills, System Support, Excellent communication skills.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1519.html#579:::Database and Middle Tier Systems Administrator – Subcontractor GDIT (USDOJ/OCIO);Math Tutor/ STEM Instructor/7th and 8th Grade Math Instructor;Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle Database Administrator Trainee;Benjamin Stoddert Middle School Stem Instructor;Oracle (5 years);Microsoft SQL Server (3 years);RMAN (4 years);Oracle RAC (3 years);SQLPLUS (5 years);UNIX/LINUX SHELL SCRIPTING (4 years);UNIX/LINUX (5 years);PL/SQL (4 years);ODBC Driver for SQL SERVER (Less than 1 year);ASM (5 years);DataGuard (1 year);Database Creation (5 years);Oracle 11g and 12c Installation (4 years);Datapump (4 years);SQL*Loader (2 years);Database Upgrade and Migration (4 years);Disaster Recovery (3 years);Backup and Restoration (5 years);SQL Tuning (3 years);Performance Tuning (3 years);Patching (4 years);Maintaining Database Integrity and Security (4 years);High Availability (3 years);Java (1 year);JavaScript (Less than 1 year);VM Ware (3 years);Virtual Box (2 years);Secure Shell (4 years);SQL Developer (3 years);RDBMS Management (3 years);Managing Container and Pluggable Databases (3 years);Microsoft Excel (4 years);Oracle Enterprise Manager 12c Cloud Control (2 years);Oracle Enterprise Manager 11g Grid Control (3 years);Toad (4 years);AWS (2 years);Amazon Web Services (2 years);Oracle Enterprise Manager 13c (1 year);Ansible (1 year);Ansible Scripting (1 year);Ansible Tower (1 year);Cold Fusion (1 year);IIS (1 year);Oracle Weblogic (2 years);RSA IAM (2 years);Moodle (1 year);MariaDB (1 year);MySQL (1 year);Apache (1 year);Putty (5 years);Sql Server;Sql Dba;Oracle Dba;DBA:::Database and Middle Tier Systems Administrator – Subcontractor GDIT (USDOJ/OCIO) <span class="hl">Database</span> and Middle Tier Systems <span class="hl">Administrator</span> – Subcontractor GDIT (USDOJ/OCIO) Database Administrator / Middle Tier Systems Administrator Clinton, MD Certified Oracle Database Administrator (OCA) with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Oracle Database Administration, Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL and MariaDB Databases. Working knowledge of Middle Tier system administration including software such as Weblogic, RSA IAM, Apache HTTPD, Sun solaris and RedHat Linux servers. Experience with Ansible scripting for automation and AWS S3 and RDS. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database and Middle Tier Systems Administrator – Subcontractor GDIT (USDOJ/OCIO) REI Systems - Sterling, VA October 2016 to Present · In charge of upgrading our "Inventory Tracking Database System" Sunflower. Responsible for applying patches based upon vendor release.   ·Review Database Statistics for both Oracle and MS SQL SERVER to ensure that databases are functioning correctly on all nodes daily for production environments  · Attended daily scrum meetings to update team members on daily tasks and accomplishments  · Attended monthly all-hands meeting to review departments progress for the month  · Generated shell scripts that automated task for daily health checks reducing time to perform them on all servers  · Create PL/SQL Scripts to simplify tasks for deployments  ·In charge of running Data Change Request daily on Test and Production Environments upon requests  ·Support MS SQL SERVER databases. Monitored and provide weekly status reports to management.  ·Utilized Management Studio to perform task associated for SQL Server Databases.  ·Support Patching for Production, Test, and Development Environments  ·Utilize Amazon Web Services (AWS) to spin up Database instances  ·Work together with team members to accomplish tasks and requests  ·Support Capacity planning efforts during server migration. Compiled spreadsheets for our Production Databases to track growth on a year to year basis.  ·Created excel spreadsheets to better organize the space usage for production, test and development databases  ·Provide vital information for application security audits.  ·Validate Data Pump and RMAN backups for Dev, Test and Production.  ·Security Management through service accounts, passwords, STIGs and utlpwdmg  ·Troubleshoot issues and slowness with Execution plans, AWR reports and ADDM. Utilized tools from TOAD and Enterprise manager to perform these tasks.  ·Monitor System and logs  ·Patch Java during maintenance windows  ·Upgrading of PHP and APACHE on Linux Servers using YUM  ·Deploy code changes sent from developers to servers hosting website code  ·Clear CF caches after code deployments  ·Start and stop services upon request in conjunction with IIS services  ·Manage starting and stopping Node Manager  ·Deploy new code from development team (war and ear files)  ·Utilized Ansible to perform site migration which included importing a database through Ansible Tower.  ·Automate backups of DB and server files. Scripts included uploads to the S3 Bucket associated with the site.  · Automate restore process for Database and server files  ·Maintained playbook scripts to ensure everything is functioning properly  ·Tasked with upgrading Enterprise Manager from 12c to 13c after data center migration  ·Secure the new Database used for repository and bring DB up to security standards  ·Update agent Middleware targets every time a deployment occurred   ·Managed the OMS and supported bringing up/down the OMS  · Assist in weekly database refresh process when needed which includes RMAN backups or database dump expdp/impdp processes   ·Assist in database patching   ·Install new oracle databases when needed  ·Participate in management and technical interviews in order to hire new talent Math Tutor/ STEM Instructor/7th and 8th Grade Math Instructor Community Youth Advance - Upper Marlboro, MD November 2010 to June 2019 Deliver Saturday School Instruction to middle school students as a supplement to their normal weekly learning. In charge of academic achievement of Junior Leadership academy.    Created a Coding curriculum for the summer of 2016 to teach approximately 30 students ages 9-15 how to code using Scratch and Java on Eclipse.    Instruct a class of 12 student ranging from ages 9-16 how to program in Java using Eclipse and Scratch.     To work as a math tutor for high school males teaching topics from Algebra Concepts to Trigonometry     Worked as a Science Instructor for the Youth Advance Summer Academy 6 week program July 2015-August 2015    Tutored a High School graduate in math for a month which lead him to pass his ASVAB and gain acceptance into the Merchant Marines Oracle Database Administrator Brivo Systems - Bethesda, MD July 2016 to August 2016 • Review Database Statistics to ensure that database was functioning correctly on all nodes  • Attend daily scrum meetings to update team members on daily tasks and accomplishments  • Attend monthly all-hands meeting to review departments progress for the month  • Generate shell scripts that queried tables in production to send monthly reports to developers   • Opened and closed tickets through the ticketing system  • Created ERD of QA databases for analysis Oracle Database Administrator Trainee Bereans Technology Partners - Silver Spring, MD September 2014 to June 2016 Work as a Data Center DBA trainee to help and learn to maintain and monitor many 24x7 databases. Responsibilities include but not limited to:    Collaborate with the system Administrator to configure any software and hardware requirements that will function with the Oracle Database. Capacity Planning with developers on development and test for production for growth potential    Proactive Monitoring and tuning strategies to satisfy clients SLA for databases ranging from 5gb to 5tb.    Applying database patches such as SPU and PSU while incorporating Oracle's best Practices with quarterly patches.    Create and implement recovery and hot/cold backup procedures for RDBMS by using RMAN.    Provide support in Massive Data Uploading ETL using the SQL*Loader utility and DataPump.     Database Security - Transparent Data Encryption, Datapump and RMAN Encryption and User Account Management    Performance Tuning of Database and SQL queries. SQL Trace, TKprof and SQL Tuning Advisors.    Database design with developers from scratch. Creating ERD’s, forward and reverse engineering.    Distribute Database administration and Management – Database Links, Golden Gate, Oracle Streams.    Zero downtime database migration from Windows 10g or 11g to Unix 12c using Golden Gate.    I/O balancing and performance enhancement, utilize table partitioning. Purge for space managament    Monitor objects and usage in order to determine if objects needed to be cached.     Perform Upgrades of Oracle 11g to 12c including migrations for Databases and Schemas using datapump.    Database conversion to a pluggable database on 12c.    Configure and manage ASM - Grid Control instances. Configure Oracle Restart.    Configure, Manage and Monitor Dataguard    Utilizing Dataguard Broker to configure primary and standby databases to perform fail-over and switchover.    Virtualization using Oracle Virtual Server and Oracle Virtual Manager.    Use ODBC on MS SQL Server to import data from oracle databases and format them into excel for reports Benjamin Stoddert Middle School Stem Instructor Community Tutoring, Inc June 2012 to August 2012 Instructed students in grades 4-8 in Science and Technology courses    Worked in a team of college students to construct a syllabus for instruction in Lego robotics    Assisted my students in creating a class science fair project to present to judges, winning them  second place against 13 other classes    Taught a Lego Robotics course to students ranging in ages 9-15 Education B.S. in Geographical Information Sciences University of Maryland - College Park, MD December 2015 Skills Oracle (5 years), Microsoft SQL Server (3 years), RMAN (4 years), Oracle RAC (3 years), SQLPLUS (5 years), UNIX/LINUX SHELL SCRIPTING (4 years), UNIX/LINUX (5 years), PL/SQL (4 years), ODBC Driver for SQL SERVER (Less than 1 year), ASM (5 years), DataGuard (1 year), Database Creation (5 years), Oracle 11g and 12c Installation (4 years), Datapump (4 years), SQL*Loader (2 years), Database Upgrade and Migration (4 years), Disaster Recovery (3 years), Backup and Restoration (5 years), SQL Tuning (3 years), Performance Tuning (3 years), Patching (4 years), Maintaining Database Integrity and Security (4 years), High Availability (3 years), Java (1 year), JavaScript (Less than 1 year), VM Ware (3 years), Virtual Box (2 years), Secure Shell (4 years), SQL Developer (3 years), RDBMS Management (3 years), Managing Container and Pluggable Databases (3 years), Microsoft Excel (4 years), Oracle Enterprise Manager 12c Cloud Control (2 years), Oracle Enterprise Manager 11g Grid Control (3 years), Toad (4 years), AWS (2 years), Amazon Web Services (2 years), Oracle Enterprise Manager 13c (1 year), Ansible (1 year), Ansible Scripting (1 year), Ansible Tower (1 year), Cold Fusion (1 year), IIS (1 year), Oracle Weblogic (2 years), RSA IAM (2 years), Moodle (1 year), MariaDB (1 year), MySQL (1 year), Apache (1 year), Putty (5 years), Sql Server, Sql Dba, Oracle Dba, DBA Certifications/Licenses Oracle Database 11g Administrator Certified Associate September 2016 to Present Additional Information LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE, MEMBERSHIP AND ACTIVITIES:    Deputy PM   REI Systems                                                                                                                                    10/2018-Present  ·Work alongside Project Manager to fulfil duties as well as be ready to be a stand in.  ·Participate in management and technical interviews in order to hire new talent    University of Maryland  National Society of Black Engineers (NSBE) BES (University of Maryland-College Park Chapter) September 2011-2014    Membership Anchor- 2012-2013     Dedicated to academic excellence and professional success of African-American students and professionals    Operation10Toes July 2010 – December 2013  Created in order to help less fortunate children in third world countries    Collected new and used shoes and shipped them to Cameroon, Africa October 9th 2010 and to Abra, Philippines September 12th 2012. Amount of shoes donated to date: 209 pairs    CARing Kids February 2012-May 2012  Church-related mentoring program designed for elementary school students
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\152.html#580:::Junior Database Administrator;Sql Server;Sql Server (4 years);tSQL (2 years);Report Writing (4 years);Database Management (2 years);Data Analysis (4 years);Statistical Analysis (6 years);Statistical Analysis;Web Development;Web Development (5 years);Social Media (8 years);Excel (10+ years);Word (10+ years);SSIS (3 years);SSRS (1 year);Crystal Reports (3 years):::Junior Database Administrator Junior <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Data-Driven Administrator Springfield, VA Unique and eclectic background that began with Association administration and has developed into programming and database management experience. Extensive knowledge of iMIS, SQL Server and their respective reporting capabilities. Strong problem solving skills, excellent time management skills and exceptional oral and written communication skills. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Junior Database Administrator AAMFT - Alexandria, VA March 2011 to Present Responsibilities  •Liaison between IT and Administration.   •Member and customer support related to database and website issues   • Database-to-web and live data conversion projects between iMIS Membership Database and TradeWinds development software   •Manage integrated Dashboards utilizing the iDashboard   •Manage automated tasks utilizing TaskCentre •Manage event portal and online registration resources.   •Conducts extensive testing (through to completion) of new, proposed and problematic functions, routines, and transactions   •Oversee technology logistics for Annual Conference; developed responses to new technological needs   •Manage Staff iMIS training and documentation    Accomplishments  •Back-end content and database conversion for new mobile site and "app"   •Develop new integrated Dashboards utilizing the iDashboard  •Develop new automated tasks utilizing TaskCentre  •Create, update and relocate iMIS System Reports, Crystal Reports and SSRS reports    Skills Used  •RDBMS: SQL Server 2005-2014  •TOOLS: iMIS, SSIS, SSRS, iDashboards, TaskCentre, Crystal Reports, Management Reporter, GoToWebinar, BlueJeans, SurveyGizmo, Microsoft Office (MOS Certified in Word, Excel and Powerpoint 2012)  •LANGUAGES: mySQL, tSQL, HTML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT, JQUERY (some C++, R, JAVA, .NET experience) Education Bachelor's in Anthropology, Sociology St Mary's College of Maryland - St. Mary's City, MD 2001 to 2005 Skills Sql Server, Sql Server (4 years), tSQL (2 years), Report Writing (4 years), Database Management (2 years), Data Analysis (4 years), Statistical Analysis (6 years), Statistical Analysis, Web Development, Web Development (5 years), Social Media (8 years), Excel (10+ years), Word (10+ years), SSIS (3 years), SSRS (1 year), Crystal Reports (3 years) Certifications/Licenses Microsoft Office Specialist December 2014
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1520.html#581:::Learning Database Administrator/ Administrative Contractor;Implementation Specialist II/ Project Lead;Personal Banker I;Administrative Multi-Line Representative;Print Specialist;EXCEL;INTERNET EXPLORER;MICROSOFT OFFICE;OUTLOOK;POWERPOINT;Oracle Dba:::Learning Database Administrator/ Administrative Contractor Learning <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span>/ Administrative Contractor Administrative Assistant Chesapeake, VA Obtain an Administrative/ Office Specialist position by using skills in Administration, Finance, and Human Capital Management Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Learning Database Administrator/ Administrative Contractor Conduent Business Services April 2019 to Present • Keys data into automated system and verifies input  • Conducts audits and reviews/analyzes data and documentation  • Responds to routine questions related to area of responsibility  • Gathers information, researches and/or resolves inquiries  • Communicates appropriate options for resolution in a timely manner  • Provides functional guidance, training and assistance to lower level staff  • Prepares standard reports to track workload, response time and quality of input  • Evaluates improvements to various systems  • Ensures that data and information are sufficiently accurate and reliable. Implementation Specialist II/ Project Lead Automatic Data Processing September 2018 to April 2019 Main point of contact for the clients' Implementation.  Schedule and host the Welcome Call with the client and the project team  • Host daily and weekly status calls with client to discuss project progress.  • Distribute recap emails that outline the items that were discussed during calls/meetings.  • Review the client documentation list to ensure all necessary documents are gathered.  • Collect client and project data and aggregate information in spreadsheets and presentations.  • Collaborate with project team to ensure all milestones are achieved on time  • Configure CCI, Payroll, HR and Work Force Now set up.  • Create custom spreadsheets and reports using Microsoft Excel.  • Train client on how to use the Workforce Now system  • Provide a seamless transition from Implementation to Service. Personal Banker I Wells Fargo Bank, N.A September 2014 to September 2018 • Specialized in financial assessments, uncovered needs while providing appropriate products by overcoming objections, opened all accounts and cross sold additional services.  • Developed and maintained relationships with partners to identify cross sell opportunities and made outbound sales calls to increase product per customer ratio.  • Built a strong book of business by providing a broad base of financial and credit services.  • Directed customers through the lending process and successfully solicited and sold business and personal products and services that included consumer loans/lines, business loans/lines, debt consolidations, credit cards, merchant services, and other retail banking products and services such as check reorders, safe deposit box access, and account maintenance.  • Demonstrated excellent time management, customer service, interpersonal skills and the ability to multi-task in a fast paced environment.  • Actively participates in the financial center team meetings to ensure that financial goals were achieved and used effective leadership skills to motivate and generate enthusiasm among financial center team members.  Teller  • Maintain stock levels and assist Lead Tellers and Managers with supply ordering.  • Assisting clients with opening of new accounts  • Accepting loan payments  • Depositing or cashing checks for clients  • Making withdrawals for clients  • Briefing customers about new banking products  • Answering queries of customers or directing them to appropriate supervisory staff  • Processing night deposits  • Accurately maintain and balance teller cash drawer. Administrative Multi-Line Representative Kelly Zahratka State Farm July 2015 to July 2016 • Recognize patron's needs and aligning those patrons with market appropriate products and services.  • Answer and direct telephone and email inquiries; directing them to the appropriate party.  • Use customer-focused/needs-based review process to educate customers about insurance options.  • Create and maintain computer records, as well as paper files.  • Schedule appointments.  • Prepare letters, reports, and records from rough drafts.  • Proofread material and make necessary corrections.  • Record, transcribe and compile information for meetings. Print Specialist OfficeMax December 2010 to September 2014 • Create, print, copy, bind, and laminate standard and personalized documents.  • Provide patrons with necessary assistance to help complete their projects, both professional and personal.  • Develop and maintain new and existing customer relationships through telephone contact and sales activity.  • Develop an organizational system for customer files, as well as store files and documents.  • Create Letters, Bulletins, Flyers, Business Cards and Training Manuals  • Create and Maintain Data on Excel Spreadsheets  • Advertising and Special Event Planning Education Tidewater Community College August 2010 to May 2012 Skills EXCEL, INTERNET EXPLORER, MICROSOFT OFFICE, OUTLOOK, POWERPOINT, Oracle Dba Additional Information Skills  • Natural leader that leads by example, while maintaining a productive climate.  • Confidently motivate, and encourage fellow employees to meet and maintain high performance standards.  • Ability to operate multi-line telephone systems, printers, scanners, fax machines and various office equipment.  • Ability to proficiently operate Microsoft Office Suite (Office, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Publisher) Mac and Apple operating systems, Internet Explorer, Safari, Chrome  • Faultlessly and proficiently type 51 words per minute  • Flexible team player that thrives in environments requiring ability to effectively prioritize and juggle multiple concurrent duties.  • Critical thinker with great self-awareness.  • Exceptional Communications skills regarding listening and communicating information effectively, both verbally and written.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1521.html#582:::Program Director - grant writer;Scientific Consultant;Postdoctoral Research Fellow (2013-2015), Assistant Professor (2015-2017);Database Administrator;Writing:::Program Director - grant writer Program Director - grant writer Program Director - grant writer - University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center - Division of Diagnostic Imaging Houston, TX ? Expertise in scientific writing, project coordination, and data  management  ? Broad knowledge of research principles, regulatory requirements,  and clinical applications of research  ? Excellent interpersonal skills Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Program Director - grant writer University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center - Diagnostic Imaging Division January 2019 to Present ? Scientific writing and editing - predominantly grant proposals, researchp plans manuscripts, abstracts, narratives, and compliance documents  ? Identifying funding opportunities Scientific Consultant Moleculin Biotech, Inc; CNS Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; and Houston Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Houston, Texas - Houston, TX February 2018 to January 2019 ? Grant writing of NIH-funded research proposals; Reviewing scientifici literature; Translations (English<>Polish) Postdoctoral Research Fellow (2013-2015), Assistant Professor (2015-2017) University of Texas Health Science Center - Houston, TX August 2013 to August 2017 Texas - Pediatrics Dept.  ? Writing and editing manuscripts and grant proposals  ? Project management of NIH and DoD-funded clinical research grants  ? Demonstrated practical knowledge and expertise in research data analysis  - Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI)  ? Design and implementation of image processing pipelines on clusters of computers at Texas Advanced Computing Center (Python, bash, Unix) Database Administrator University of Texas Health Science Center - Houston, TX July 2012 to July 2013 Texas - Surgery Dept.  ? Development and maintenance of financial billing system and clinicald datatracking software (MS SQL, C#)  ? Prepared data and summary metrics for program leadership on a monthlya basis and managed clinical data from multiple complex databases Education PhD in Biomedical Engineering University of Science and Technology 2011 MSc in Biology Jagiellonian University 2011 MSc in Computer Science University of Science and Technology 2005 Skills Writing
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1522.html#583:::QUALITY & LOGISTICS MANAGER;ISO MANAGEMENT REPRESENTATIVE;QUALITY TECHNICIAN;QUALITY ENGINEER;DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR, Quality Department;MINITAB;FINANCE;80 WPM;MICROSOFT OFFICE:::QUALITY & LOGISTICS MANAGER QUALITY &amp; LOGISTICS MANAGER QUALITY & LOGISTICS MANAGER - FMEAs and FPAs Greenwood, SC Work Experience QUALITY & LOGISTICS MANAGER FMEAs and FPAs November 2016 to Present • Oversee shipping/receiving/packaging and quality departments  • Manage quality system for two locations (WSI and GFP)  • Utilize/analyze advanced statistical quality tools (capability studies, GR&R, etc)  • Maintain calibration system  • Lead and assist in the generation of PPAPs, FMEAs and FPAs  • Perform 8D analyses to generate corrective and preventive actions  • Work directly with customers to provide solutions to quality issues  • Lead summer quality internship program and manage candidates  • Utilize quality concepts and statistical analysis to recommend action  • Train and manage internal audit teams  • Lead and facilitate internal audits through ISO/TS standards  • Lead and facilitate interdepartmental quality meetings  • Lead and facilitate feasibility review meetings for new parts and processes  • Champion and facilitate transition to TS16949 quality system  • Inspect and reconcile parts against engineer drawings  • Record, interpret and present part specifications  • Create, maintain and file documents through ISO standards  • Perform regular inventory counts  • Record and analyze internal and external non-conformities  • Record, analyze and communicate on-time analyses for suppliers and customers  • Lead continuous improvement and 5S projects  • Oversee and manage x-ray program through DHEC radiological bureau    Notable Accomplishments   • Decreased processing/rework time for product line by 72%  • Reduced calibration and gauge replacement costs by 25%  • Decreased shipping/receiving personnel turnover to 0% for 3 consecutive years  • Decreased shipping/receiving errors by 33%  • Led plant-wide quality initiative that showed YOY quality score increases to over 99.80% customer satisfaction  • Managed robust QMS that resulted in zero nonconformities for 4 consecutive years of surveillance audits  • Increased organizational ISO exposure by quadrupling trained internal auditor base  • Digitized quality department reports, records, and documents for easier use, retrieval, and storage  • Improved on-time delivery by 20% of pack-out order lag ISO MANAGEMENT REPRESENTATIVE January 2015 to Present QUALITY TECHNICIAN July 2012 to Present July 2012-December 2015) QUALITY ENGINEER January 2016 to November 2016 DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR, Quality Department Flexible Technologies, Inc - Abbeville, SC February 2012 to May 2012 Contract Work)  • Integrate ISO and OHSAS systems (18001, 9001 and 14001)  • Combine Environmental, Safety and Quality documents  • Build corrective actions, preventive actions and continuous improvement database with emphasis on 8D processes  • Facilitate meetings with customer service representatives and department managers in three different plant locations  • Present ideas concerning feasibility and efficiency of data entry Education Master's in Business Administration Louisiana State University March 2016 to October 2018 Bachelor's in Business Management and Marketing Lander University September 2006 to May 2010 Skills MINITAB, FINANCE, 80 WPM, MICROSOFT OFFICE Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/ehampton.watkins
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1523.html#584:::Administrative Coordinator;Database Analyst/Accounts Receivable;Account Services Administrator;Administrative Assistant;Accounts Receivable (2 years);Receivables;AR;Great Plains (1 year);Cash Application:::Administrative Coordinator Administrative Coordinator Print Coordinator, Document Scanner, and Office Coordinator - Interim Staffing Services Bloomington, MN 2 years working in an Accounts Receivables role. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Administrative Coordinator Kelly Services - Minneapolis-Saint Paul, MN June 2018 to Present Scanning documents, printing invoices, sorting paperwork, Accounting duties. Database Analyst/Accounts Receivable University of Minnesota - Minneapolis, MN October 2015 to January 2017 Maintained daily customer invoicing for order processing, distribution of electronic invoices  ? Dynamics GP Software  ? Customer issue resolution while distributing limited data  ? Account Management and bank reconciliation  ? Lockbox, credit card and check transactions  ? Preformed month end routines  ? General ledger entries Account Services Administrator Comdata - Bloomington, MN 2013 to 2014 Customer focused management of client fuel tax filing and reports.  ? Achieved expected service deliveries by proactively managing accounts, updating and correcting client data, ensuring accuracy and quality. monthly and quarterly fuel tax reporting  ? Improved accuracies by receiving, verifying, and processing client data.  ? Reconciliation of past quarters resulting in refunds to clients.  ? Accounts receivable with level of accuracy  ? Preparing invoices for clients.  ? Improved client relations by answering requests, identifying and tracking issues, providing resourceful solutions in timely manner.  ? High level of client confidentiality  ? Laid off due to corporate divested positions to Tennessee. Administrative Assistant INTERIM STAFFING RESOURCES - Minneapolis, MN 2007 to 2013 Minneapolis, Minnesota  Client Services 2007 - 2013  ? Resolved customer issues by provided exceptional customer service, resolving customer concerns, and ensuring customer data information accuracy.  ? Administrative Assistant  ? Maintained productivity by covering reception area, sorting, and delivering mail and packages.  ? Enhanced customer relations by preparing closing documents in timely manner, ensuring accurate information provided. Education Associate in General Studies Century College - White Bear Lake, MN December 2010 Skills Accounts Receivable (2 years), Receivables, AR, Great Plains (1 year), Cash Application Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/lisarice2 Assessments Accounting Skills: Basic Principles — Familiar March 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to prepare financial records according to federal policies. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/xkqnzagkfbaub-qw Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1524.html#585:::Principal Data Architect;Sr. Consultant;Remote DBA /Team Lead;Embedded Database Engineer;Sr. Data Architect;Database Developer /Admin;Application DBA & ETL Developer;Oracle DBA;Oracle DBA on Veritas Clusters;IT Analyst;Oracle 10g & RAC Administrator Certified Professional (OCP);Database;Database design;Sql server;Mysql;Oracle:::Principal Data Architect Principal Data Architect Principal Data Architect - BNY Mellon Sewickley, PA Accomplished Software Engineer, specializing in Data modelling and TOGAF Architecture, with 19 years of professional IT  experience in all aspects of System Development Life Cycle. Proficient in Database technologies, Oracle (8i/9i/10g/11g),  Exadata Development, Administration, Data Migration, Data Modeling, Designing, Developing and Maintaining OLTP &  OLAP applications. Adept in designing and developing Application Frameworks. Proficient in functional knowledge on  Financial and Banking domains. Experienced Vice President with a demonstrated history of working in the financial  services industry. Skilled in Databases, Data Warehousing, Business Intelligence, and SQL Tuning. Work Experience Principal Data Architect BNY Mellon - Pittsburgh, PA October 2013 to Present ODS/IPR (Asset Servicing) Present  Sr. Specialist Developer  Intraday ERI  Distributed Developer IV  Operational Business Intelligence- EFM, Digitization Sr. Consultant Chicago Board - Chicago, IL April 2013 to Present Remote DBA /Team Lead JP Morgan Chase - Columbus, OH May 2010 to Present Embedded Database Engineer Home Lending, Retail & Consumer - Pittsburgh, PA April 2012 to April 2012 Fujitsu Network June 2007 - Sunnyvale, CA Sr. Data Architect PNC Bank - Pittsburgh, PA July 2010 to July 2010 Basel II OFSAA Implementation (Credit Risk, RWA, Operation April 2013  Risk), Erwin Modelling. Database Developer /Admin Communications Inc - San Francisco, CA April 2010 to April 2010 Application DBA & ETL Developer Int'l Survey Research - Chicago, IL May 2007 to May 2007 Oracle DBA Bank One - Columbus, OH April 2006 to April 2006 Oracle DBA on Veritas Clusters Investment Management Group - Warrington 2003 to December 2003 UK IT Analyst Limited Company - Delhi, Delhi 2002 to December 2002 India Oracle 10g & RAC Administrator Certified Professional (OCP) Office Automation Ministry of SSI & MIT February 2002 to February 2002 Feb 2002  (Container Corporation and Logistics System)    Professional Development and Certifications  ? Cloudera BigData Hadoop, Data warehousing; Oracle 10g & RAC Administrator Certified Professional (OCP);  ? PMP certified professional from Project Management Institute.  ? Golden Gate/SharePlex Replication  ? Performance Tuning  ? OBIEE  ? Oracle Apps DBA (ERP)  ? Given RAC Database Administration training in Los Angeles and CMC office.  ? TOGAF Architectural Framework  ? AWS Cloud Practioner & Solution Architect  Other Short-term Projects:  " SAP Database Migration Projects for UOP Honeywell, Chicago, IL - 1 Month project  " Database Administration Support for InterMune, San Francisco, CA - 1 Month project  " Successfully completed several freelance database gigs. Education Bachelor of Engineering in Engineering Osmania University - Hyderabad, Telangana MBA in Distance Education Finance Indira Gandhi National Open University Post Graduate Diploma in Computer Applications in Computer Applications Regional Computer Council & Anna University Skills Database, Database design, Sql server, Mysql, Oracle Links http://linkedin.com/in/siva-prakash-madatanapalli-7260715
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1525.html#586:::Noida as Sr. Database Administrator;Sr Database Administrator;Sr Database Administrator;Sr Database Administrator;Sr Database Administrator;Database Administrator;AME:::Noida as Sr. Database Administrator Noida as Sr. <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Noida as Sr. Database Administrator - Droom Technologies • Over 5 Years of experience in MongoDB, working as Sr. Database administrator.  • Extensive experience in MongoDB 2.6,3.0,3.2,3.4,3.6, MongoDB Ops Manager, Linux, Mysql 5.6,5.7 Shell scripting, robomongo, workbench, FileZilla, Putty, Javascripting.  • Installing various versions of MongoDB on Red Hat Linux/Debian/MAC/local machines.  • Creation of Database.  • Configuring & Restoring Backups.  • Porting data between databases.  • Monitoring System Performance.  • Setup of complex sharding cluster and management.  • Setup of Ops Manager to monitor the existing MongoDB Infra.  • Administering, maintaining the development and Test Databases.  • Exporting of data from operational database to dump files & Importing backup during crisis.  • Upgrading MongoDB Databases from version 2.6 to 3.2  • Automate routine tasks via scripts and tools.  • Secure MongoDB using authentication, Creating Users and assigning privileges.  • Configuring, implementing and supporting high availability (Replication) in MongoDB Cluster.  • Optimizing MongoDB CRUD Operations.  • Disaster Recovery setup and best practices, including planning, testing, failover testing.  • Design & implement indexing strategies for huge data sets.  • Migrate replica cluster form one datacenter to another without downtime.  • Manage and Monitor large production Mongodb cluster environments.  • Setting up MongoDB Profiling to get slow queries.  • Pro-actively identify, troubleshoot and resolve live MongoDB issues.  • Work with Development, Storage and Network teams in installation and administration of MongoDB in the IT Enterprise Environment.  • Monitor deployments for capacity planning and performance.  • Help Development teams to understand MongoDB design principals.  • Providing 24x7 on-call support for production and development systems.  • Installing Mysql instances on Red Hat Linux/Debian/local machines  • Exporting of data from database  • Optimisation slow query through indexing  • Backup and restoration of Database  • Creating Users and assigning privileges  • Tuning of Config file to improve mysql performance  • Monitoring and setup of replication Work Experience Noida as Sr. Database Administrator Droom Technologies July 2018 to Present Worked with Droom Technologies, Gurgaon as Sr. Database Administrator from Feb'17 to April'18.  • Worked with NewcallTelecom Pvt Ltd, Gurgaon as Database Administrator from Dec'14 to Jan'17  • Worked with Nokia Solutions, Noida as AME from Nov'13 to Nov'14    Technical Skills  Databases: MongoDB, MySql, Postgresql  Tools: FileZila, Putty, Jira, robomongo, workbench, Ops Manager  Operating Systems: Linux, Windows  Scripting Language: Shell Scripting, Javascripting Droom Technologies July 2018 to Present Sr Database Administrator Droom Technologies - UTTAR PRADESH, IN July 2018 to Present Domain: Telecom    Project Description:  The Project is to deploy MongoDB in dev, prod environment and to manage the same.    Responsibilities:  • Installation of MongoDB in Dev, Prod Environment  • Setup of Sharding to provide geographical distribution of data  • Implementation of shell scripts to monitor MongoDB stats  • Responsible for data distribution takes place across data centres with minimal latency  • Responsible for performing extensive load testing to check the reliability of sharding cluster  • Responsible for capacity planning and tuning of system Sr Database Administrator Droom Technologies - Noida, UTTAR PRADESH, IN July 2018 to Present Project Description:  Dish is one of our biggest client. We have to provide offshore MongoDB database support to our client like setup of Mongodb Replication in dev/qa and providing support to resolve live issues  Responsibilities  • Setup of complex MongoDB replication and management  • Setup of complex Ops Manager tool to monitor MongoDB  • Secure MongoDB using authentication, Creating Users and assigning privileges.  • Pro-actively identify, troubleshoot and resolve live MongoDB issues.  • Help Development teams to understand MongoDB design principals.  • Optimisation and tunning of MongoDB Sr Database Administrator Droom Technologies - UTTAR PRADESH, IN July 2018 to Present Project Description:  Dish is one of our biggest client. We have to provide offshore MySql database support to our client like setup of Mysql master-master Replication or master-slave replication in dev/qa and providing support to resolve live issues    Responsibilities:  • Setup of complex MySql master-slave setup to provide high availabilty  • Setup of complex Mysql master-master setup to provide high availablity  • Secure MySql using authentication, Creating Users and assigning privileges.  • Pro-actively identify, troubleshoot and resolve live MySql issues.  • Optimisation and tunning of MySql servers DROOM TECHNOLOGIES PVT LTD February 2017 to April 2018 Sr Database Administrator DROOM TECHNOLOGIES PVT LTD February 2017 to April 2018 Duration: 1 Year 2 Months  Team Size: 2    Project Description:  In this we have to manage high traffic on droom database and to optimise the long runing queries. Also providing Support, installation, troubleshooting, configuration, maintenance, administration services and data exporting from DB for Mongo DB servers    Responsibilities:  • Setup MongoDB replication and management to provide high availabilty  • Setup of new Mongodb instance for Dev/QA team to tshoot.  • Setup of Ops Manager tool to monitor MongoDB  • Exporting of data from DB for analytics team  • Setup of MongoDB backup through gzip or archive method using MongoDB Dump utility.  • Secure MongoDB using authentication, Creating Users and assigning privileges.  • Pro-actively identify, troubleshoot and resolve live MongoDB issues.  • Help Development teams in designing MongoDB complex Queries  • Optimisation and tunning of MongoDB    Project #6 orange book value feb 2017 - april 2018    Organization: Droom Technologies Pvt ltd  Client: Droom Technologies Pvt ltd.  Role: Sr Database Administrator  Duration: 1 Year 2 Months  Team Size: 2    Project Description:  In this we have to manage high traffic on OBV database and to optimise the long runing queries. Also providing Support, installation, troubleshooting, configuration, maintenance, administration services and data exporting from DB for Mysql DB servers    Responsibilities  • Setup of complex MySql master-slave setup to provide high availabilty  • Secure MySql using authentication, Creating Users and assigning privileges.  • Optimisation and tunning of MySql servers.  • Exporting data for analytics team.  • Planning for Mysql database backup using percona xtrabackup utility. NEWCALL TELECOM PVT LTD December 2014 to January 2017 Database Administrator NEWCALL TELECOM PVT LTD December 2014 to January 2017 Team Size: 1    Project Description:  Wavecrust is one of the leading telecom company in UK providing voip and data services to client. We have to manage their user and billing database    Responsibilities:  • Setup MongoDB replication and management to provide high availabilty  • Exporting of data from DB for billing team  • Secure MongoDB using authentication, Creating Users and assigning privileges.  • Optimisation and tunning of MongoDB NOKIA SOLUTIONS LTD November 2013 to November 2014 AME NOKIA SOLUTIONS LTD November 2013 to November 2014 Team Size: 7    Project Description:  Providing monitoring support to proactively work and live alerts and raise to the concerned team    Responsibilities:  • Proactively monitoring of MongoDB servers  • Start/stop service running on MongoDB servers Education B.Tech Manav Rachna International University Faridabad
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1526.html#587:::Application Developer;Freelance iOS Developer;Volunteer State Community College;Database Administrator;HTML;Javascript;SQL;Sql Server;Jquery;XML:::Application Developer Application Developer Application Developer - Adenus Nashville, TN Pursuing a career and furthering skills as an ambitious iOS Developer. Created iOS app, available on the app store called FiitFinder. Skilled in integrating, extracting, modeling, interpreting, and reporting business, quality, and financial data in various environments. Use Xcode to develop iOS applications for iPhone and iPad in Swift. Successful in managing and leading teams in multiple projects and implementing process improvements to enhance productivity, for accurate and timely data. Experience working with a range of computer applications (Swift, Obj-C, GitHub, FileMaker, SQL, JavaScript, JQuery, Bootstrap, Java, C++, R, SPSS, MS Excel, MS Office, Oracle, HTML etc.) systems, and tools. Including these frameworks (UIKIt, CoreData, Cocoa Touch, SQLite, AVFoundation, UIMessage, AVKit, MapKit, Core Location, Firebase Cloud.)    PROFESSIONAL HIGHLIGHTS    Highly motivated, self-starter  Proficient in SQL FileMaker Pro  MS Excel Project Management  Executive support Exceptional time management and problem-solving  Metrics/Report Generation Analyze complex issues and develop solutions  Effective verbal and written communications Creative, responsive and adaptive  Strong mathematical skills Database management  Developing visualizations, dashboards, and reports Swift  Web Development  Data, operational and business analysis skills  Deep understanding of relational databases  Develop universal applications without using storyboards  Strong understanding of application architecture and object-oriented design  Experienced building consumer applications with rich UI and great UX Work Experience Application Developer Adenus - Nashville, TN January 2018 to Present Managing and creating websites for operator use. Created website with interactive map, displaying site information such as (radio usage history report, HAWK Alarm Cases, HAWK Chart, MobileConnect link, Panel Web server links (Alarms / Logs / Status & Settings), SOP links, Driving Directions.) Creating and maintaining iOS application using Swift. For operator use that consists of, ticket information for operator sites, detailed site manual for operators, logs and reports of site data, shows site locations using google map API, backend using SQL database.    • Creating website with interactive map, displaying site information such as (radio usage history report, HAWK Alarm Cases, HAWK Chart, MobileConnect link, Panel Web server links (Alarms / Logs / Status & Settings), SOP links, Driving Directions.)  • Created dashboard that dynamically displays data from SQL database  • Creating websites using PHP, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, JQuery, SQL  • Expertise in working with iOS tools (X-Code, Interface builder and Instruments).  • Expertise in Development of native iOS applications.  • Strong knowledge in utilization of different frameworks (Foundation Kit, Cocoa Touch, UIKit, AVFoundation, Core Data, Core Location, Core Graphics, animation).  • Strong Knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) with strategically designing and implementing the software, debugging fixing and maintaining the software.  • Developed apps using various iOS design patterns (MVC, Delegation, Target-action and Slide-out Navigation).  • Expertise in creating and customizing Views, Table Views, Tab Bars and Navigation Bar which are some basic functionality in a Multiview Application.  • Experienced in working with data parsing forms such as XML and JSON, to dynamically display data on iPhone/iPad  • Experience working with unit test code  • Experience and knowledge of HTML, JavaScript, JSON, RESTful API, CSS, XML/XSLT, AJAX, JQuery mobile.  • Experience with SQL/PLSQL, Core Data, Oracle 9i/11g and MySQL database, SQLite database.  • Experience writing Functional and Technical Documentation.  • Took care of Code Review, Code Fixes and bug Fixes. Freelance iOS Developer Nashville, TN January 2016 to Present Brought several iOS apps from conception all the way through to publication.  Collaborated with UI/UX designer in order to build interactive, responsive, and intuitive UIs.  Setup push notifications and wrote API contract in order to integrate seamlessly with other developers.  Developed internal libraries in order to quickly set up authentication, push notifications and other common infrastructures.    • Expertise in working with iOS tools (X-Code, Interface builder and Instruments).  • Expertise in Development of native iOS applications.  • Strong knowledge in utilization of different frameworks (Foundation Kit, Cocoa Touch, UIKit, AVFoundation, Core Data, Core Location, Core Graphics, animation).  • Strong Knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) with strategically designing and implementing the software, debugging fixing and maintaining the software.  • Developed apps using various iOS design patterns (MVC, Delegation, Target-action and Slide-out Navigation).  • Expertise in creating and customizing Views, Table Views, Tab Bars and Navigation Bar which are some basic functionality in a Multiview Application.  • Experienced in working with data parsing forms such as XML and JSON, to dynamically display data on iPhone/iPad  • Experience working with unit test code  • Experience and knowledge of HTML, JavaScript, JSON, RESTful API, CSS, XML/XSLT, AJAX, JQuery mobile.  • Experience with SQL/PLSQL, Core Data, Oracle 9i/11g and MySQL database, SQLite database. Volunteer State Community College Functional and Technical Documentation - Gallatin, TN March 2017 to January 2018 Gallatin, TN 03/2017 to 01/2018  Director of Institutional Effectiveness    • Ensure all database programs meet company and performance requirements.  • Developed, administrated, documented, maintained and implemented troubleshooting of FileMaker Pro database.  • Created and modified fields, calculations, scripts, tables, and relationships.  • Developed new tables and data-relationships in FileMaker.  • Maintained data standard and system functionality.  • Create project documentation and develop project standards, procedures, and guidelines.  • Solved database issues, reduced errors and implemented system performance improvements.  • Conduct analysis of statistical modeling projects with minimal guidance.  • Managing research projects from beginning to end, including data collection, analysis, and presentations.  • Developing visualizations, dashboards, and reports  • Coordinate the College's assessment and institutional effectiveness processes.  • Analyzing, manipulating and mining data  • Manage the institution's survey administration  • Refactoring SQL code to improve the design and productivity of existing code, while making it more manageable and easier to work with.  • Assist administrators in developing tools and using metrics to measure progress.  • Assist in reporting to state and federal regulators.  • Manage scheduling and assignments for part-time and student employees.  • Create presentations for the President's Cabinet to advise on strategic initiatives and areas for improvement.  • Provide timely and accurate data to departments for use in accreditation and quality improvement initiatives.  • Conduct workshops on use of data for quality improvements. Database Administrator Genco Inc A Fedex Company - Lebanon, TN February 2014 to March 2017 • Basic troubleshooting for all databases involving Oracle, SQL Server, MySQL and Golden Gate, Cognos, Commerce, WebSphere, Fusion Middleware, Oracle EBS. Escalate more complex issues to senior levels.  • Delivered complete, accurate and timely data to the project team for use as the foundation for in-depth, customized client reporting.  • Applied conditions and scripting to automatically update customer status and track sales, taxes, charges, refunds, and cancellations.  • Designed mobile interface to enable access to data via iPad and iPhone.  • Data analysis including collecting and interpreting data from primary and secondary sources for daily, weekly, quarterly, and yearly reporting.  • Build and maintain SQL scripts, indexes, and complex queries for data analysis and extraction.  • Assisted in creating and presenting informational reports for management based on SQL data.  • Compiling and maintaining quality reports as needed by site management and presenting quality metrics at daily management meetings.  • Using advanced Excel functions and databases to generate accessible and automated pivot tables and spreadsheets for metric reporting.  • Developing and initiating more efficient data collection procedures.  • Working with management to adjust, expand, and improve business information requirements.  • Data verification and correction of processed systems to ensure accuracy and customer satisfaction.  • Ensure site is meeting performance objectives related to the accuracy, timeliness, and the effectiveness of processes including receiving, induction processing, material handling, sort, and shipping procedures to ensure SOP standards are met.  • Document and maintain records of process deficiencies identified during QA audits.  • Analyze problems, develop, and implement corrective actions.  • Training and implementing educational tools and updates as needed.  • Resolve site quality, safety, and security problems and ensure that products are processed and shipped out accurately and efficiently on a daily basis. Education Middle Tennessee State University - Murfreesboro, TN Skills HTML, Javascript, SQL, Sql Server, Jquery, XML
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1527.html#588:::SQL Server Database Administrator;Operational DBA;Sql Dba;MYSQL;Sql Server:::SQL Server Database Administrator SQL Server <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> SQL Server Database Administrator - American Income Life Arlington, VA Ingenious, outcomes-oriented and self-motivated IT professional more than 4 years of experience in MS SQL Server Database Development and Administration, specialized in execution and preservation of composite database platform. Demonstrates technical proficiency and teamwork skills while keeps the ability to complete tasks under minimal direction and supervision. Work Experience SQL Server Database Administrator American Income Life October 2016 to Present * Installing, managing, and administering SQL server2008R2/2012/2014/2016 SQL servers.  * Implemented side-by-side and in-place migration of MS SQL server 2008R2 to 2012 and applied Patches and Service packs to update different versions of MS SQL server.  * Implemented SQL Server 2012 technique ALWAYS-ON High Availability groups with two secondary nodes.  * Building SQL 2012 multi Node cluster environments on VMware/ Physical environments.  * Applying patches and hot fixes on Always-On Failover Cluster (FCI)/non-clustered production as well as non-production environment.  * Adding nodes to already existing clustered servers as a part of High availability.  * High Availability Configured Transactional Replication and Always on  * Fixed the Replication issues on SQL 2008R2/2012 servers within challenging SLA timeframe.  * Implementation of SQL server logins, Roles and Authentication modes as a part of security policies.  * Creating and scheduling maintenance plans for updating statistics, checking fragmentation, checking database integrity and backup plans.  * Performed Administrative tasks in SQL Server using PowerShell.  * Configured Database mail, linked servers, Transparent Data Encryption (TDE) and Auditing.  * Performance tuning of databases by windows performance monitor and SQL Profiler.  * Used Index tuning wizard to redesign and create the indexes for better performance.  * Fine-tuned Stored Procedures using Execution Plan in T-SQL for better performance.  * Documenting the standard procedures on regular basis.  * Used extended events.  * Worked in change control process for production and non-production changes.  * Conducted various meetings and conferences with application teams to meet corporate milestones for database consolidation and data migration. Operational DBA Corcoran Gallery - Washington, DC March 2014 to August 2016 * Managed and Administrated the SQL Server 2012/2008R2/ production and Non-production servers.  * Integrated SQL server profiler traces with Performance monitor to have better graphical analysis to find system bottlenecks.  * Implemented the new SQL Server 2012 concepts like Data partitioning, Snapshot isolation.  * High Availability configured mirroring and log shipping databases  * Performed daily tasks including backup and restore by using SQL Server tools like SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Server Profiler, SQL Server Agent, and Database Engine Tuning Advisor  * Extensively worked on performance issues like update statistics, Auto Stats.  * Created Database Maintenance Planner for the Performance of SQL Server, which covers Database Integrity Checks.  * Created various jobs to check health of the server and to troubleshoot.  * Reorganizing or Rebuilding Indexes based on the Index fragmentation.  * Extensively used Red Gate SQL Compare and Data Compare tools to compare and synchronize SQL Database Schemas.  * Worked on Data Compression, Fact Table size reduction.  * Deployment, configuration and maintenance of SharePoint Server databases for documents management.  * Involved in capacity planning, sizing and database growth projections Education Bachelor's Skills Sql Dba, MYSQL, Sql Server
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1528.html#589:::Vice President;Director of Sales;Director of Sales Operations;Director of Managed Services;Business Development Manager;National Sales Administrator/ Database Administrator;Microsoft Excel (6 years);Salesforce (2 years);Sherpa (4 years);Microsoft Access (1 year);Microsoft Outlook (4 years);Six Sigma (3 years);Purchasing;Procurement;Logistics;Outlook:::Vice President Vice President Nashville, TN Experienced Sales and Operations Manager - Skilled in large project management and implementation, sales planning and training, procedure analysis and optimization, and team-building. Skilled in data analysis, executive presentations, needs assessments, department development, sales, and financial management.    Method is to ensure best practices are implemented through a resource driven approach that includes good data, personnel management, and strategic planning. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Vice President Novatech, Inc. - Nashville, TN May 2018 to July 2019 Led Sales, Sales Administration, Billing, Purchasing, and Logistics departments of a $100 million company during a CEO transition and in the absence of a Corporate President.    • Modernized sales division with new CRM, tablets, and E-Signature  • Shortened month-end billing from a couple weeks to a couple days  • Implemented quality measures in supplies to identify over $250k in expired supplies and prevented future expirations  • Closed over $2 million in government bids  • Reduced stocking levels to one-month run rates of forecasting through manufacturer’s year end Director of Sales Novatech, Inc. - Nashville, TN January 2018 to May 2018 Managed 10 sales markets including: 10 market managers, over 15 sales managers, and over 100 sales representatives and specialists. In addition, directly managed the Managed Print and Sales Support divisions.    ·      Drove sales organization to producing over $100 million in annualized revenue  ·      Incorporated Salesforce implementation including CPQ and Adobe E-Signature  ·      Restructured Sales Support and Accountability to reduce customer loss by 5% monthly Director of Sales Operations Novatech, Inc. - Nashville, TN January 2017 to January 2018 Built and managed a successful business unit and implemented formulated best practices from it across all sales operations and business units.    ·      Expanded auto-fulfillment program to provide just-in-time automated supplies to customers reaching over 20% of all deliveries  ·      Developed best practices for selling managed printer services in other business units including quoting models and processes  Took over a delayed Salesforce launch to get it back on track within 6 months Director of Managed Services Novatech, Inc. - Nashville, TN June 2016 to January 2017 Developed a sales division for managed printer and managed IT services from scratch.  ·      Hired, trained, and managed 5 Regional Specialists covering from Dallas to Atlanta supporting over 100 sales reps Business Development Manager Novatech, Inc. - Nashville, TN April 2015 to June 2016 Pioneered a new business unit and operated as both manager and only sales rep.    ·      Closed over $500k in contracts during the first year  ·      Produced and established processes and best practices, including pricing and all relevant materials National Sales Administrator/ Database Administrator Novatech, Inc. - Nashville, TN February 2014 to June 2016 Managed CRM Database and sales administration team    ·      Redesigned and implemented a failed CRM to serve Salesforce  ·      Built an in-system quoting tool  Mobilized all sales divisions to collaboratively rebuild internal workflow system able to support thousands of deals annually Education MASTER'S DEGREE in GLOBAL ENTREPRENEURSHIP UNIVERSITY OF SAN FRANCISCO, IQS (Spain), Fu Jen (Taiwan) August 2012 to December 2013 BACHELOR OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION in Finance UNIVERSITY OF SAN FRANCISCO August 2009 to May 2012 Skills Microsoft Excel (6 years), Salesforce (2 years), Sherpa (4 years), Microsoft Access (1 year), Microsoft Outlook (4 years), Six Sigma (3 years), Purchasing, Procurement, Logistics, Outlook Certifications/Licenses Six Sigma Black Belt Professional (SSBBP) June 2019 to Present Credential ID: 27571699 5S Concept Certified (5SC) May 2019 to Present Credential ID: 26886182 Additional Information Honors & Awards:  - Nashville Business Journal: Employee of the Year (Company Culture Category)  - Team Leader Trip: 2014 - 2018  - Team Leader of the Quarter: Q1 2015
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1529.html#590:::Oracle Apps DBA;Tech lead;Oracle Apps DBA;Senior Database Administrator;Oracle APPS DBA;Senior Software Engineer;Oracle DBA;ORACLE;SQL;LINUX;RDBMS;DBA;Oracle Dba;Sql Server:::Oracle Apps DBA Oracle Apps DBA Oracle Apps DBA - Mazda North America Irvine, CA • I'm an Oracle APPS DBA Specialist, 9+ years of experience on Oracle DBA and Apps DBA with specifically supporting production environment including maintenance, upgrades and remote support.  • Experience in ASM, RAC and Data guard concepts of Database 11g and 12c.  • Database Performance tuning expert.  • Installing and setup in Oracle RAC in VMware and standard Linux servers.  • Upgrade experience in Oracle Application from R12.1.3 to R12.2.5  • Experience in R12.1.3, R12.2.4, R12.2.5 and R12.2.6.  • Experience in SYSADMIN.  • Experience in WebLogic Administration and Apache Administration.  • Experience in OEM 11g and 12c.  • Good Experience in applying the WebLogic patches.  • Analyzing stuck threads and clearing the logging threads.  • Used the WebLogic Server Administration Console to control production-specific deployment details.  • Developed scripts to work database vault with oracle EBS R12.2.  • Cloned Oracle RAC instances from production RAC to Support, UAT, DEV RAC & NON-RAC environment.  • Experience on patches including cpu patch, rollup patch, maintenance patch and one-off patch.  • Experience in taking logical backups, Physical Backup and Using RMAN.  • Good knowledge on Backup Recovery concepts.  • Support and implementation experience in Oracle Data Guard.  • Hands on Experience on shell script and cronjobs.  • Concurrent requests issues debugging and monitoring.  • Experience in Code migrations and automation of code migrations.  • Good exposure of using Oracle performance tools like AWR/ADDM, explain plan, TKPROF, SQL Trace, opatch, exp/imp, expdp/impdp, analyze tables and Indexes.  • Efficient standardizing databases with processes of password change, index rebuild and auditing database for security.  • Worked Oracle Applications 11i/R12 Maintenance of (uploaded customized reports using FNDLOAD, performed password change using FNDCPASS), Patching Apps Development and Database Support & Maintenance  • Monitor growth of Database with scripts and resizing and reorg of the tables, Responsible for High Availability.  • Monitoring and troubleshooting of Apache, Forms, Concurrent Manager and database related issues.  • Experience in SYSADMIN activities like user creation, deactivation, responsibility creation and Role Creations.  • Table Space Management  • User Management  • Oracle DBA 11g/12c administration, New Design, Upgrades, migration, regular maintained activities  • Support for Production databases  • Excellent communication skills and interpersonal skills  • Having the knowledge of setting up jobs for routine monitoring, DB shutdown, backup, DB startup and database builds.  • Worked on 24/7 high availability environments. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Apps DBA Mazda North America - Irvine, CA May 2019 to Present • Performance tuning of databases.  • Configured High Availability based environments in clusters.  • Configured JDBC and JMS servers on WebLogic server.  • Installed, configured and administered Apache HTTP 2.0  • Managed WebLogic clusters having 14 managed servers on cluster of machines  • Deployed multiple applications on WebLogic server and maintained load balancing, high availability and fail over functionality.  • Fusion middleware patches installation  • Concurrent requests handling and debugging  • Concurrent mangers tuning  • Oracle Apps DBA R12 administration, New Design, Upgrades, migration, regular maintained activities.  • Resolving day to day issues with concurrent managers, Printer issues, Reports issues.  • Oracle Applications R12 Maintenance, Patching, Performance tunings Apps Development and Database Support & Maintenance.  • Oracle Apps on AD utilities.  • Cloning the Production databases to test instances.  • Patching the Test/DEV Instances  • Sql tuning  • Patch analysis for database and applications patches including, family packs, and one-of patches.  • Performed patch analysis for patches involving lot of pre-requisites.  • Responsible for backups of the Prod, UAT, QA and Dev Databases for daily backup. Tech lead Techmahindra Americas INC July 2016 to Present Oracle Apps DBA Tech Mahindra - Hyderabad, Telangana July 2016 to May 2019 Haier Group Corporation is a Chinese collective multinational consumer electronics and home appliances company headquartered in Qingdao, Shandong province, China. It designs, develops, manufactures and sells products including air conditioners, mobile phones, computers, microwave ovens, washing machines, refrigerators, and televisions.    Responsibilities:  • Attending Day-to-Day Issues using Service now.  • Configured High Availability based environments in clusters.  • Configured JDBC and JMS servers on webLogic server.  • Installed, configured and administered Apache HTTP 2.0  • Managed Weblogic clusters having 14 managed servers on cluster of machines  • Deployed multiple applications on WebLogic server and maintained load balancing, high availability and fail over functionality.  • Fusion middleware patches installation  • Concurrent requests handling and debugging  • Concurrent mangers tuning  • Oracle Apps DBA R12 administration, New Design, Upgrades, migration, regular maintained activities.  • Resolving day to day issues with concurrent managers, Printer issues, Reports issues.  • Oracle Applications R12 Maintenance, Patching, Performance tunings Apps Development and Database Support & Maintenance.  • Oracle Apps on AD utilities.  • Cloning the Production databases to test instances.  • Patching the Test/DEV Instances  • Sql tuning  • Patch analysis for database and applications patches including, family packs, and one-of patches.  • Performed patch analysis for patches involving lot of pre-requisites.  • Responsible for backups of the Prod, UAT, QA and Dev Databases for daily backup.    ? Multiple projects -Oracle India Mar 2015 - Jun 2016    Worked on certification of products like R12.2.5, Data base 12.2, Data masking, and Db vault.  • As part of these certifications I have been doing the installation, upgrading and migrating databases and EBS environments.  •Doing some research kind of work on existing scripts which will improve performance of existing applications.  •Installation of RAC databases and certification of new release 12.2 database.  •Worked on Data masking and database vault certifications on EBS R12.1.3 and EBS R12.2 with OEM 12c. Senior Database Administrator 2015 to June 2016 Oracle APPS DBA Accenture Pvt Ltd - Hyderabad, Telangana May 2012 to January 2015 Celgene is a global biopharmaceutical company committed to improving the lives of patients worldwide. At Celgene there is support IQTRAC tool, where tickets are queued up daily. We need to pick up tickets and resolve depending upon the severity of the ticket.    As a Oracle Apps DBA, I worked on the Production, UAT, SUPPORT and Development environments.  Responsibilities:  • Attending Day-to-Day Issues using Remedy tool  • Cloning the Code Trees for 10G RDBMS/CRS  • Installed RAC Database for Non-ERP Instances  • Patching the Test/DEV Instances  • Cloning Non-ERP Databases  • Created, configured and maintained Weblogic managed servers and server clusters.  • Deployed and maintained web, Java, and enterprise applications.  • Installed and configured plugins such as Apache, Tomcat, and Sun One with Weblogic.  • Configured JDBC with databases such as Oracle and Point Base.  • Pager Duty  • Schema Migration using Export/Import Utilities  • Space Management  • Supporting Monthly/Quarterly ERMO Activities  • Supporting Deployment Process  • Migration of 10g Databases to 11g  • Monitor alert logs, space and object growth related problems in the databases.  • Planning and managing database backups.  • Analysis of trace and log files to determine and resolve potential problem areas.  • Monitored and diagnosed database performance through monitoring of alert files, trace files.  • Post installation trouble shooting.  • Cloning from Production database to Support database and Testing.  • Perform a daily database refresh of the training and practices instances from pre-production and Production server.  • Patch analysis for database and applications patches including, family packs, and one-of patches.  • Performed patch analysis for patches involving lot of pre-requisites.  • Good exposure of using Oracle performance tools like AWR/ADDM, STATSPACK, Explain plan, TKPROF, SQL Trace, ANALYZE Indexes Opatch.  • Object re-organization and other database maintenance task.  • Creating/rebuilding indexes, analyzing the schemas.  • Responsible for backups of the Prod, UAT, QA and Dev Databases for daily backup, weekly on RMAN and Snap.    Environment: Oracle Database 11g ,Sql developer, Excel 2013/2010/2007,Linux 5.5 Senior Software Engineer Accenture Pvt Ltd 2011 to 2015 Oracle DBA Accenture Pvt Ltd - Bengaluru, Karnataka April 2011 to May 2012 UCAL Fuel Systems India limited Chennai the manufacturer in carburetor in India having 3 plants at different locations and they have implemented Manufacturing module AP, AR For their business process    Responsibilities:  • Applied patches (One-off, Mini-patch, Rollup Patch, CPU) and performing AD activities and Trouble shooter several worker issues and used default files to reduce patch timelines.  • Monitoring table space free spaces, re-sizing data files, Alert log trace files.  • Responsible for cold/hot and rman backups.  • Cloning production RAC to uat RAC & NON-RAC environment.  • Oracle utilities, SQL Loader, Export and Import and other tools of Enterprise Manager.  • Support: Provide Technical support, Troubleshoot and resolve issues related to the PROD/DEV environments  • Oracle Apps on AD utilities.  • Supporting to 300 users, daily issues resolving.  • Efficient in standardizing best database practices, processes and auditing database for security  • Monitor growth of Database with scripts and resizing the tables, Responsible for High Availability.    Environment:: Oracle Database 9i/10g ,SQL developer, Excel 2013/2010/2007,Linux 5.5. Education Master of Computer Applications in Computer Applications JNTU Skills ORACLE, SQL, LINUX, RDBMS, DBA, Oracle Dba, Sql Server
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\153.html#591:::Database Administrator;DBA:::Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator Alexandria, VA An able, enthusiastic, skilled, and reliable Database Administrator (DBA), seeking a position that reflects my experience, skills and personal attributes including dedication, meeting goals, creativity and the ability to follow through. Work Experience Database Administrator Sevatec Inc - Falls Church, VA April 2012 to August 2013 Provided more than one year support to the development/maintenance of Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives (ATF) oracle database.  • Ensured system and data availability and integrity through preventative maintenance and upgrades are adhered to.  • Implemented client's policies, technical procedures and standards for preserving the integrity and security of government data, reports and accesses.  • Managed and ensured that users were given the right privileges and roles.  • Advocated for end-users to perform testing and problem analysis for server, desktop and IT infrastructure in the development environment.  • Worked with developers to analyze data problems and suggest solutions.  • Setup technical procedures and administrative policies for production, test and development databases physical design, administration, and maintenance  • Documented procedure and guide for the usage of Serena Dimensions application, regarding changes to requirements and software configurations set by the client, and deploy those releases in Serena Dimensions.  • Used different Oracle tools such as SQL*Plus, Database Control (Enterprise Manager) and SQL Developer to perform database administrative functions within the ATF development environment. DBA ISHGLO-ONE - Frederick, MD February 2011 to October 2011 Recommended architectural improvements, design solutions and integration solutions.  • Created database tables and table dependencies such as indexes, stored procedures, functions, packages, views, materialized views etc.  • Performed various DBA Maintenance tasks such as rebuilding indexes, validating constraints, reorganizing tables using the move command.  • Installed and verified the database software on the database server. Planned, prepared and scheduled software installation.  • Installed, upgraded and configured Oracle 10g and 11g on Unix/Linux and Windows.  • Applied patches; upgrade Oracle server and application tools, maintained the software at the latest stable release level and tested and verified the installed components.  • Used RMAN to perform database recoveries when necessary.  • Applied Oracle Critical Patch Update (CPU) patches on databases every quarter.  • Managed Archive logs and Redo logs. Education BS in Information Systems/ Database Management Strayer University - Alexandria, VA March 2011 Associate of Applied Science Computer Learning Center - Alexandria, VA May 1999 Additional Information SUMMARY OF SKILLS    • Design, build and implement Oracle database.  • Able to do system upgrades, backups and retrievals  • Create and manage users.  • Manage client's database development environment.  • Analyze, troubleshoot database and software application issues and suggest solution.  • Ability to install and upgrade Oracle database software.  • Experience using Windows and Linux operating systems.  • Manage Archived logs and Redo logs  • Configure Flashback database and  Restore Point.  • Apply Oracle Critical/Security Patch Update (CPU)  • Use RMAN to perform administrative  functions such as database recoveries.  • Performance Tuning & Capacity Monitoring.  • Monitor Data Security, Backup & Recovery  • Use of Serena Dimensions application.  • Able to adhere to client's business policy.    OTHER SKILLS  • Excellent diagnostic and communication skills, and highly motivated.  • Excellent problem-solving abilities  • Oracle Database on Unix or Windows platform.  • Reliable and highly motivated.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1530.html#592:::HR Assistant / Database Administrator;Customer Service / Host;Customer Service / Human Resources Representative Cordelería Hercules;Microsoft Office (10+ years);Recruiting and Interviews (5 years);Database Entry (3 years);Winteam (Less than 1 year);Deputy (1 year);ADP (Less than 1 year):::HR Assistant / Database Administrator HR Assistant / <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> HR Assistant / Database Administrator Sunny Isles Beach, FL Work Experience HR Assistant / Database Administrator Supra Security Inc - Doral, FL January 2019 to June 2019 Design and Maintenance of a Winteam/Ehub database. Maintenance of a  Deputy database. Manteinance of an HR pipeline, and contact numbers of holding applicants.    • Verification and correction of personal information of our ADP database for the smooth and secure running of payrolls and other accountancy tasks made by the HR director. Supervision of the employment full cycle of our employees,  recruitment, interview, hiring and onboarding processes. Conflict Resolutions,  appointments, Disciplinary Reports, Scheduling. Promotions, demotions and terminations.    • Focused on compliance and manteinance of database, personnel sheet, HR  pipeline, and different forms and documents required for hiring and compliance with government institutions (I-9 form, W4, department of  Agriculture and Personnel Action Form), manipulation and keeping of documents with sensitive, license background check and confidential  information, in a tidy, methodical and discreet fashion. Customer Service / Host Rack's Italian Kitchen - Miami, FL 2012 to 2014 Utilize proper phone etiquette for all incoming and outgoing phone calls made to customer. Provide continuous attention to customer needs; greet, assist and thank customers in a prompt, courteous and friendly manner. Customer Service / Human Resources Representative Cordelería Hercules Cádiz, Cádiz provincia 2009 to 2012 Oversee our customer service team. Set reasonable guest satisfaction goals and work with the team to meet them on a consistent basis.    • Interact with customer on a daily basis, responding to their questions and guiding them to the appropriate service. Utilize proper phone etiquette for all  incoming and outgoing phone calls    • On-board new employees and train them based on your expertise and skill set.  • Create and implement an effective customer loyalty program. Education Master in Human Resources Administration EUDE Business School - Centro-Madrid, Madrid provincia June 2018 to July 2019 Bachelor Degree (4 years) in Social and Cultural Anthropology Universidad Complutense de Madrid - Madrid, Madrid provincia September 2012 to February 2018 Diploma in Graphic Design Assistant Preventec Consulting - Jerez de la Frontera, Cádiz provincia February 2010 to October 2010 Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), Recruiting and Interviews (5 years), Database Entry (3 years), Winteam (Less than 1 year), Deputy (1 year), ADP (Less than 1 year) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/axel-colmenares-civila-9597ab176 Additional Information Bilingual (Spanish / English)  Willing and able to relocate.  Reference numbers and commendation letters upon request.
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1531.html#593:::Software Engineering - QA Analyst;Software Engineering - QA Intern;Tutor students in areas like programming;Help Desk;Database Administrator and application designer;Undergraduate Research Assistant (LUCID Initiative);Help Desk;C#;Html;Javascript;Php;Python;Software development;Database;Css;Dreamweaver;Web design;Java;jquery;Corona sdk;Lua;Assembly language;Selenium;Ftp;Customer service;Database management;Excel:::Software Engineering - QA Analyst Software Engineering - QA Analyst Software Engineering - QA Analyst - CBS Interactive - 247sports Nashville, TN Work Experience Software Engineering - QA Analyst CBS Interactive - 247sports August 2016 to Present test the applications (website) manually and with automated test cases. Review site performance and suggestion improvements. Software Engineering - QA Intern CBS Interactive - 247sports - Brentwood, TN June 2016 to August 2016 test the applications (website) manually and with automated test cases. Tutor students in areas like programming Lipscomb University - Nashville, TN September 2014 to May 2016 Python, C#, Java, HTML, CSS) Help Desk Lipscomb University - Nashville, TN September 2013 to May 2016 Database Administrator and application designer Lipscomb University - Nashville, TN July 2015 to January 2016 College of Liberal Arts and Science  ? Digital Content Specialist/ Web Content Manager (Student Worker) Undergraduate Research Assistant (LUCID Initiative) Lipscomb University - Nashville, TN October 2015 to December 2015 Dr. Steve Nordstrom Help Desk Lipscomb University - Nashville, TN August 2014 to December 2015 College of Computing and Technology  ? Mobile Application Development Team, Pulse Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science and Pure Mathematics and Information Technology Minors in Second Harvest Food Bank Lipscomb University - Nashville, TN December 2016 Skills C#, Html, Javascript, Php, Python, Software development, Database, Css, Dreamweaver, Web design, Java, jquery, Corona sdk, Lua, Assembly language, Selenium, Ftp, Customer service, Database management, Excel Additional Information Skills  Advanced: Technical skills in Microsoft Office (Outlook, Word, PowerPoint, Excel, FrontPage), Photoshop, CorelDraw, Database management, Dreamweaver (Web design), HTML, PHP, CSS and Internet and Network Proficiency.  Tools/ Software: JavaScript, jQuery, Programming languages (Python, C#, Processing, Java, C, Lua, Assembly language), Corona SDK (Software Development tool), FTP, Selenium, RedwoodHQ, Gatling, Fiddler and Salesforce ticket management system.  Effective communication skills demonstrated through customer service, tutoring, allocation and monitoring of task, public speaking, and conflict resolution techniques  Membership  Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) Lipscomb University Chapter
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1532.html#594:::Special Education Aide;Substitute Teacher;Program Specialist;Resource Database Specialist;Customer Service Agent;Program Director;Administrator Coordinator/ Officer of the Day;Human Services Specialist;CPR:::Special Education Aide Special Education Aide Columbia, SC Work Experience Special Education Aide Richland County School District Two August 2018 to Present Under direct supervision, provides general teaching assistance to assigned Teacher(s). Supports educational goals by delivering individual or small group instruction, implements plans for the remediation of student deficiencies, assists in the development of daily living, behavioral, and vocational skills, and carefully monitors the students at all times. Substitute Teacher Richland County School District Two January 2018 to May 2018 Instructs students and facilitates their learning in the absence of the regular teacher. Provides classroom instruction to students as outlined in lesson plans. Maintains a professional appearance as an example to students. Program Specialist Boys and Girls Club of the Midlands August 2017 to December 2017 Plan, implement, facilitate, and supervise activities and programs. Promote safety of members, quality of programs and appearance of the Club at all times. Resource Database Specialist United Way Association of South Carolina August 2015 to April 2017 Responsible for maintaining the statewide comprehensive, accurate, community resource database. This position is also responsible for assisting in any reporting from the database, approval of new agencies/resources, and including but not limited to, researching new agencies and resources throughout the state Customer Service Agent United Way Association of South Carolina March 2015 to August 2015 Handles incoming calls or inquiries from prospective customers or clients. Assists customers effectively by solving customer disputes. Provides customer additional information or explains services. Discuses products offered and ensures customer satisfaction. Tactfully handles confrontational or stressful interactions with the public. Completes supporting paperwork and data entry as required. Accurately captures customer information. Program Director Boys and Girls Club of the Midlands August 2014 to February 2015 Responsible for overseeing the delivery of all program areas within the Club. Plans, develops, and manages program implementation. Supervises program staff and performs other related administrative duties. Serves as a liaison between parents, schools, community groups and Club members. Works in partnership with the Unit Director to ensure that a myriad of pro-social and youth development opportunities are available to all Club members. Provides orientation and goal setting for all Club members. Administrator Coordinator/ Officer of the Day S.C. Department of Disabilities and Special Needs April 2013 to January 2014 To act as Chief Administrator on Midlands Center Campus in the absence of the Facility Administrator, or designee. Ensures the health, safety, accountability, and developmental needs of Campus consumers, by working with shift supervisors, in- charge staff members, direct support staff members, and others as appropriate (in accordance with required statues/policies). Directly supervises all supervisory staff at Midlands during assigned duty hours, when Facility Administrator or designee is absent. Initiates as necessary, reports for critical incidents, administrative incidences, allegations of abuse, exploitation, and neglect and other policies, as appropriate. Assist nursing managers with responding to all emergencies. Conducts required inspections of fire extinguishers, conduct fire drills, and other building and facility inspections by working closely with Campus Security and Public Safety. Supervise and monitor the performance of Information Specialists. Meet and greet consumers and Midlands Center Campus visitors. Human Services Specialist S.C. Department of Disabilities and Special Needs December 2012 to April 2013 Care for adults with Autism in both residential and community settings. Coordinate activities in residential facilities, group homes, or similar establishments. Order supplies and determine need for maintenance, repairs, and furnishings. Maintain household records and assign rooms. Assist residents with problem solving or refer them to counseling resources. Education Master of Education in Guidance Counseling Cambridge College - Augusta, GA December 2014 Bachelor of Science in Family and Consumer Science South Carolina State University - Orangeburg, SC May 1995 Skills CPR Additional Information SKILLS  CPI certified (Crisis Prevention Institute) LSCI certified (Life Space Crisis Intervention)
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1533.html#595:::Data Analyst;Data Analyst, Administration Assistant;Java Back-end Developer;Database Administrator/Developer;Academic Project - Agricultural Internet-of-things Project;Association Manager of Google Camp, DUT;HBase;ACCESS;APACHE;C#;Hadoop;Java;C++;C;Python;Tableau;Crystal Reports;ERP;SQL;Excel;Linux;Visio;Sql Server;MYSQL;Google Analytics:::Data Analyst Data Analyst Data Analyst Seattle, WA Work Experience Data Analyst Masswell Development Group Inc. - New York, NY February 2019 to Present • Filter and clean data, review reports, printouts, and performance indicators (gross income, profit margin, etc.) to locate and correct code problems.  • Develop automatic data entry (from manually input spreadsheet to database) tools with Python.  • Interpret data, analyze results using Excel and Tableau and provide ongoing reports. Data Analyst, Administration Assistant Krypital Group - Plano, TX January 2018 to December 2018 • Provided daily, weekly and monthly performance reports for 7 clients’ websites and 4 marketing channels.  • Developed automatic transaction data fetching and archiving program.  • Determined total investment “hard cap” of ICO after processing more than 35,000 transaction records.  • Achieved detailed single-user behavior tracking by upgrading clients’ web traffic tracking system from Google Analytics to Google Tag Manager.  • Managed CEO's daily schedule.  • Arranged interviews with managers of multiple departments.  • Maintained job-tracking system and timecard system.  Java Back-end Developer Tellon Trading Inc. - Norcross, GA August 2017 to January 2018 • Adopted agile software development with peers.  • Maintained website functions and scaled on cloud server for expected higher payload.  • Cooperated with Quality Engineers to develop test automation. Database Administrator/Developer Phoenix Trading Co., Ltd - Kitakyushu, Fukuoka December 2012 to January 2015 • Redesigned and maintained inventory record database, achieved paperless data recording.  • Analyzed cost of export for previous years and reported 15% reducible expense.  • Accomplished automatic warehouse management by introducing RFID tags and scanners.  • Instructed more than 20 part-time workers. Academic Project - Agricultural Internet-of-things Project Dalian University of Technology - Dalian, Liaoning October 2011 to July 2012 • Deployed HBase environment and completed early development of the database.  • Determined business logic of the shopping website and Interactive Voice Response system. Association Manager of Google Camp, DUT Dalian University of Technology - Dalian, Liaoning September 2009 to July 2011 • Organized more than 10 association activities  • Increased members by 70% Education Master's in Information Technology and Management The University of Texas at Dallas - Richardson, TX May 2017 Master's in Finance The University of Texas at Dallas - Richardson, TX August 2016 M.Eng in Information Architecture Waseda University March 2014 B.S. in Computer Science Dalian University of Technology July 2011 Skills HBase, ACCESS, APACHE, C#, Hadoop, Java, C++, C, Python, Tableau, Crystal Reports, ERP, SQL, Excel, Linux, Visio, Sql Server, MYSQL, Google Analytics Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/chenweiwang Certifications/Licenses Google Adwords April 2017 to Present Awarded this for passing the AdWords Fundamentals and Shopping Advertising exams. Google Analytics April 2017 to Present
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1534.html#596:::Membership Intake Program Specialist;High-threat Integrated Tracking System (HITS) Specialist;Documentation Specialist;Database Administrator;TECHNICAL ANALYST 1;Medical Data Administrator;Data Entry Specialist;Document Processor:::Membership Intake Program Specialist Membership Intake Program Specialist Database administration, Document Specialist, Documentation Support, eDiscovery, FOIA, Data entry, Documentation specialist, help desk, Jr data analysis Woodbridge, VA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Membership Intake Program Specialist Zeta Phi Beta Sorority HeadQuarters - District of Columbia War Memorial, DC March 2019 to Present ·        Process, edit and issuing financial cards/certificates and other appropriate Sorority documents for enrollment of new members  ·        QA/ QC all incoming applications and reviewed them for approval for the 1st Anti.  ·        Verified all monies were accurate and distributed them to Financial Services.  ·        Ensured all shippable sales items in batches are forwarded to shipping department for shipment.   ·        Entered all information into computer base system.  ·        Assisted in the receiving, researching, and issuing materials for undergraduate and graduate prospective candidates.   ·        Set up Excel workbook for new member batches.   ·        Responded to and resolves basic member inquires via telephone, email, and mail.   ·        Research member inquiries including follow up to ensure member satisfaction.   ·        Maintained a high level of customer service with members and met performance targets.   ·        Communicated procedures to prospective members and provided additional assistance to the Membership Chair in submitting MIP materials. ·        Process, edit and issuing financial cards/certificates and other appropriate Sorority documents for enrollment of new members  ·        QA/ QC all incoming applications and reviewed them for approval for the 1st Anti.  ·        Verified all monies were accurate and distributed them to Financial Services.  ·        Ensured all shippable sales items in batches are forwarded to shipping department for shipment.   ·        Entered all information into computer base system.  ·        Assisted in the receiving, researching, and issuing materials for undergraduate and graduate prospective candidates.   ·        Set up Excel workbook for new member batches.   ·        Responded to and resolves basic member inquires via telephone, email, and mail.   ·        Research member inquiries including follow up to ensure member satisfaction.   ·        Maintained a high level of customer service with members and met performance targets.   ·        Communicated procedures to prospective members and provided additional assistance to the Membership Chair in submitting MIP materials.  High-threat Integrated Tracking System (HITS) Specialist SOC LLC - Chantilly, VA February 2018 to July 2018 • Performed quality assurance/quality control (QA/QC) of candidate documents   • Personally identifiable information (PII) and biographical information (BIO) - in support of a large government contract.   • Coordinated with Task Order Managers to identify critical staffing needs and facilitate processing of priority candidates by proactively interfacing with the customers, identifying and addressing any potential issues that might impede candidates' processing/client approval.   • Monitored rejections and provides findings to management to help identify trends and corrective actions to drive approval rate and processing times. This is a featured job at SOC + Conducts QA/QC of a high volume of candidate PII and BIO documents and submits for review and processing to the customer.  • Updates records in the client's document submission database, HITS, (DOS system) as appropriate, to include affiliation records, clearance records, training records, and letters of authorization (LOAs), common access cards (CACs), BIO and PII.  • Maintains candidate records within the internal project management database; performs periodic audits to ensure data integrity and internal consistency.  • Provided excellent analytical and problem solving skills with significant attention to detail and ability to identify errors.   • Demonstrated knowledge of recruitment, sourcing, screening, interviewing, and using referral processes as well as knowledge of employment law.   • Communicated effectively with both candidates and employees, to successfully meet deadlines. Documentation Specialist Northrop Grumman - Merrfield Virginia June 2016 to September 2017 • Obtained and maintain active Security Clearance.   • Interacted directly with USPS General Counsel, Office of the Inspector General, Postal Inspection Service, Freedom of Information Act (FOIA), OIG, National Intelligence Unit (NIU), National EEO Investigative Services Office (NEEOISO) Labor Relations Department, USPS Management and other entities through the recovery, preservation, and delivery of pertinent electronically stored information.  • Conduct internet-based and library searches using Enterprise Information Repository; a USPS database for records regarding existing USPS applications and data.  • Case Managed by use of own discretion to evaluate and analyze collection of data from disparate data sources to provide complete investigation results to the requestor for their case.  • Develop appropriate methodologies (based on unique requirements of each individual case) to collect pertinent metadata from the varied data sources (internal Postal systems, external internet searches, etc) to fulfill approved requirements.  • Assist in the assessment, acquisition, or deployment of new electronic document management systems.  • Provide information electronically such as; (emails, emails searches, LMS training reports, My Docs, PCES, OIG eAccess, Package Intercept, Collections point Management, internet usage, data and telephone records, ) by using USPS archiving systems and retrieving information from the USPS Data centers when requested by the USPS Attorneys, Office of Inspection General, Inspection Service and PCES Manager.  • Use best practices and lessons learned to cull data and categorize by type, volume, and location while maintaining complete chain of custody through completion of case.  • Prepare FOIA’s and submit final cost analysis to the client.  • Analyze research data, such as statutes, decisions, and legal articles, codes and documents.  • Responsible for creating a case manifest to track and enter activities into a customized tracking system for monthly reports.  • Assisted in providing electronic data derived from querying Enterprise Business Applications and their associated databases.   • Provide analysis of electronic data.  • Work on Class Action cases with USP General Counsel content.  • Monitor regulatory activity to maintain compliance with records and document management laws.  • Use own discretion to evaluate and analyze collection of data (the size and scale of this collection is determined by the identification phase) from disparate data sources against the base requirements to provide complete investigation results to requestor for the case to ensure results match the requirements.  • Used Excel to generate spreadsheets, and pivot tables, budget and cost, FOIA cost Analysis, IP address, Pay role tracking and time keeping. Preformed daily data queries and prepare reports on a daily, monthly, weekly and quarter basis. Export\import data.    Information Security Duties:  • Safeguards information system assets by identifying and solving potential and actual security problems.  • Determines security violations and inefficiencies by conducting audits.  • Protects system by defining access privileges, control structures, and resources.  • Recognizes problems by identifying abnormalities; reporting violations.  • Implements security improvements by assessing current situation; evaluating trends; anticipating requirements.  • Upgrades system by implementing and maintaining security controls.  • Maintains quality service by following organization standards.  • Maintains technical knowledge by attending educational training; reviewing ICP Manual.  • Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. Database Administrator Institute for Building Technology and Safety - Ashburn, VA February 2015 to April 2015 New York City Disaster Relief Project:  • Performing data extraction using Xactimate Software, and exporting cost estimate items into a useable form using Sharepoint  • Conducting quality assurance checks of various documents and costs, and repairing cost estimates when necessary  • Supervising temporary employees - training employees, organizing and managing tasks, dividing workload amongst team members, and ensuring timeliness and accuracy of output  • Scheduling, editing, and cancelling all construction inspection requests  • Notifying team members of status and discrepancy of all files, and sending daily status reports to management  Federal Manufactured Housing Program:  • Researching, retrieving (using internal software), and providing certifications to homeowners for HUD manufactured homes  • Maintaining all logs and reporting documentation, and handling time sensitive process and sensitive materials  • Participating and developing cross-training procedures  • Helped with webpage improvements by suggesting and creating FAQs for the Labels Department  IBTS Technology Services Department:  • Preparing weekly reports by compiling information (from all managers), creating charts and graphs, editing and formatting all notes, and sending out report to upper management  • Performing data extraction using Xactimate Software, and exporting cost estimate items into a useable form using Excel  • Keeping monthly totals of EDI's processed for the month  • IMR Scanning and Indexing back up  • Researching, retrieving (using internal software), and providing certifications to homeowners for HUD manufactured homes  • Maintaining all logs and reporting documentation, and handling time sensitive process and sensitive materials  • Participating and developing cross-training procedures  Publications- processing and delivering paper and electronic publication requests  • Customer Service as needed  Accounting tasks:  • Review monthly financial reporting information disseminated to lenders.   • Coordinate the preparation of comprehensive internal reporting packages to evaluate key performance metrics across the Company.   • Assist in the review, preparation, and monitoring of the annual corporate budgets, including operations and capital expenditures.   • Provide financial oversight to weekly plant phone calls discussing critical business developments and plant financial performance.   • Perform check runs; analyzing and verifying outstanding invoices to ensure proper payment and adherence to Sar-banes-Oxley requirements.  • Ensuring that all financial deadlines regarding accounts payable are met for month-end, quarter-end and year-end financial closings, including supporting requests from internal and external audit functions  • Compose reports and other communication materials.  • Given goals and general guidelines, administer company policy and apply to support functions as assigned.  • Process the employee expense reporting process including Purchase Cards.  • Maintain consistency of adherence to accounts payable policies and goals.  • Communicate with other departments, internal customers, and with vendors regarding our position on relevant issues, design/revise tools, processes and procedures to improve efficiency and head special projects.  • Adhere to standard operating procedures for accounts payable team to follow, monitor and analyze specific ac-counts payable operations, such as: invoice research and follow-up; problem documentation; and standardization of input  • Used excel to import the statistics form internal software (Xactimate). Determine cost analysis. Ensuring that all financial deadlines regarding accounts payable are met for month-end, quarter-end and year-end financial closings, including supporting requests from internal and external audit functions use. Use statistical methods to analyze data and generate useful business reports by use of excel. TECHNICAL ANALYST 1 ACI Financial World Wide - Chantilly, VA August 2014 to January 2015 • Assist in helping customer get into their account by resetting password, trouble shooting, and resetting security questions.   • Assist inbound customer service calls and assists customers with processing electronic payments or pay-ment inquiries by utilizing company websites (URLs), internal payment applications and Interactive Voice Response (IVR) technology.  • Verifies that payments were processed and distributed correctly.  • Analyze customer issues and resolve these issues by submitting payment modifications, reporting issues via an internal ticketing system and engaging internal resources to ensure timely resolution to customer prob-lems.  • Provided manager status reports of problem calls.  • Virtual Desktop creation, maintenance and support  • Incident and service request ticketing systems, BMC Footprints, Checkpoint FDE  • Provided day-to-day technical support provided by Desktop support staff  • Provide daily customer service by answering the phones in a timely manner  • Execute desktop processes, procedures and policies  • VMware provisioning and break/fix support  • Active Directory Configuration  • Google Docs Suite support  • Printer maintenance and support  • Researched and resolved customers reported issues related to Postilion and RCS applications.   • Collected data, tests and replicates problems.   • Answered questions related to application configuration and operation by testing, reviewing code and re-viewing documentation.  • Installed applications and troubleshoot failure of installations.  • Consults with and coordinated the efforts of other technical teams to resolve customers issues and questions in a timely manner  • Deliver services to the business and meet SLAs  • Assist customers in setting up bill pay options and maintaining accounts security  • Used excel to track number of incidents, data collections, datatools. Firewall, and charts. Medical Data Administrator CHS Medical Center - Reston, VA June 2014 to August 2014 • Receive and pay invoice bills using software: Cost Point, Docuware, Excel, and, Mets  • Verify check information is correct and accurate according to files  • Print, fold and stuff and mailed checks to clients for payment  • Billing and Coding  • Verified check amounts and address, approved and reject invoices, contact clients for patients information  • Quality assurance including administration and control of data  • Maintain company financial logs and documentation  • Receive and verify invoices and requisitions for goods and services.  • Sort & match invoices with backup.  • Review all invoices & check requests to ensure compliance.  • Prepare batches of invoices for data entry.  • Process backup reports after data entry.  • Resolve invoice discrepancies.  • Correspond with vendors and respond to inquiries.  • Prepare manual checks as and when required.  • Prepare manual checks as and when required  Used advanced excel for pay role tracking, Medical budgeting and cost. Data Entry Specialist Parexel International - Chantilly, VA September 2013 to April 2014 Enter patient information electronically into core system, Used Excel for totals  • Data processing  • Approve and deny applications based on information provided on applications  • Generate shipment codes for medications  • Verify verifications for shipment  • Customer Service  • Took in bound calls from patients  • Made out bound calls to patients and doctors offices  • Proficient with EMR  • Insurance verifications  • Create and maintain accounts  • Create accounts base on applications needs Document Processor Fannie Mae - Herndon, VA June 2012 to September 2013 •Transfer data from Excel spreadsheets to specialized databases   •Formatted Excel totals, charts and graphs by using formulas   •Process account receivables  •Configured timeshare and PTO for employees on Excel spread sheet  •Quality assurance, administration and control of data  •Aid in quality control of loans and approval  •Release records for filing  •Maintain records room and database   •Process loans  •Enter clients information in to the system  •Analyzed massive and highly complex data sets, performing ad-hoc analysis and data manipulation  • Filed Record of Authorization to Electronically File FBARs on BSA E-filing system   •Performed Data analysis and Data profiling using complex SQL on various sources systems including Oracle and Teradata. Education BA in Business Management Kaplan University Present Associate in Business Administration Bradford College 2007 Certifications/Licenses Driver's License
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1535.html#597:::Program Assistant/ Front desk Associate;Certified Nursing Assistant;Dental Office Manager;Volunteer;Volunteer ( Database Administrator);Technical Administrative Assistant;Research Assistant;Graduate Intern;Front Office;Spss, Sass, Advanced Excel, Microsoft office:::Program Assistant/ Front desk Associate Program Assistant/ Front desk Associate Program/Research Assistant Silver Spring, MD Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Program Assistant/ Front desk Associate Inova Well - Fairfax, VA February 2019 to Present Worked with Inova Well as a Program Assistant/Front Desk Associate. Major achievements:  • Perform duties related to front desk, reception, and retail procedures  • Provide superior member service to each member, client and guest  • Process payments and memberships  • Maintain the front desk, reception, and retail areas in an organized manner  • Complete sales tours and calls as needed  • Complete admin tasks as assigned Certified Nursing Assistant Cobbdale Assisted Live In - Fairfax, VA November 2018 to Present ·        Provides patients' personal hygiene by giving bedpans, urinals, baths, backrubs, shampoos, and shaves; assisting with travel to the bathroom; helping with showers and baths.  ·        Provides for activities of daily living by assisting with serving meals, feeding patients as necessary; ambulating, turning, and positioning patients; providing fresh water and nourishment between meals. Dental Office Manager Nkutu Kirunda, DDS, PLLC - Washington, DC April 2018 to November 2018 Working with Nkutu Kirunda Dental Practice as a Front Desk office Manager. Major achievements:  • Managing the client tracking system to organize scheduling, reception, billing, and record keeping.  • Maintaining and expanding the client base for the facility.  • Supporting client satisfaction through enhancing customer care and addressing client feedback.  • Hiring, training, and supervising office and custodial staff.  • Managing the office supply chain system to ensure adequate stock of equipment and supplies are available at all times.  • Tracking dental office expenses, preparing financial documents like tax returns, and managing employee payroll.  • Coordinating office activities to promote efficiency and improve patient service. Volunteer Department of Health and Human Services - Rockville, MD October 2017 to November 2017 Worked under the direct supervision of the Director of the Working Parents Assistance Program. The Department assists eligible families by contributing to the cost of child care through the County funded Program. Major achievements:  • Supported with client flow management at the facility. Facilitated logistics and record management both manual and electronic  • Facilitated the update of the departments planner for their events, schedules, and other important dates. Volunteer ( Database Administrator) Computer Frontiers - Frederick, MD 2016 to January 2016 Played a critical role in the transformation of paper-based research materials into electronic format under the direct supervision of company's woman CEO. Major achievements:  • Photocopied and collated documents for assigned projects  • Managed and maintained designated filing systems  • Managed and maintained designated databases  • Monitored and managed designated email accounts  • Completed basic, routine purchasing transactions for inventories and supplies  • Assisted with organizing, updating, and editing electronic documents  • Performed clerical and administrative duties including filing, faxing, data entry, and scheduling Technical Administrative Assistant American Speech- Language Hearing Association - Rockville, MD May 2013 to July 2013 Worked within the non-profit organization's Information Technology department with the role of improving membership data information. Major achievements:  • Performed database tasks to maintain membership data in netFORUM.  • Coordinated marketing of ASHA resources and membership with decision support data for the action center.  • Performed data integration project support between Raiser's Edge and netFORUM.  • Acted as a data steward and report writer for membership in netFORUM.  • Conducted research and data mining to trace membership data deposited in ancillary databases.  • Supported international institution data registry in Higher Education module for netFORUM Research Assistant Stanford Faculty Development Center - Stanford, CA January 2007 to March 2010 Played a critical role within the medical consultancy analyzing, synthesizing, and interpreting medical teaching data  Worked closely with Sr. Leadership team. Major achievements included:  • Provided administrative support, managed logistics and financial component for SFDC annual medical teaching event.  • Assisted in development of training materials and evaluation instruments.  • Conducted post-evaluations to investigate impact of the training program and how it could be improved in the future.  • Authored demographic & pre-post summary reports circulated among SFDC senior staff.  • Specialized in data quality, organization and profiling using SPSS, SAS, Advanced Excel to create and deliver reports for SFDC medical training program.  • Performed and was acknowledged as an author of the data analysis in the Medical Teacher, a peer-reviewed journal article.  (https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/01421590802638055?scroll=top&needAccess=true) Graduate Intern United Nations Development Program - New York, NY September 2004 to December 2004 While pursing my master's degree in Economics, I interned with the United Nations Development Program (UNDP) under the direct supervision from Dr. Lamin M. Manneh a lead Economist at the African Bureau. Major achievements:  • Reviewed existing national policies, strategies and policy documents.  • Learned and applied UNDP Rapid Integrated Assessment methodology for policy alignment and mapping.  • Prepared policy papers on specific themes and assist in compiling charts, figures, tables and statistic annex. Education MA in AFRICAN STUDIES-PUBLIC HEALTH Graduate School of African Studies, Stanford University - Stanford, CA 2009 to 2011 ECONOMICS Graduate School of Economics, Northeastern University - Boston, MA 2003 to 2005 BSc in MATHEMATICS Makerere University - Kampala, UG 1999 to 2002 Skills Front Office, Spss, Sass, Advanced Excel, Microsoft office Certifications/Licenses Driver's License updated CNA Additional Information Current CPR for children and adults
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1536.html#598:::Oracle Database Administrator;Oracle remote Production Support Database Administrator;ORACLE Database Enterprise Edition (7 years);Dataguard , RAC, exadata , EBS Oracle Financials, Apps DBA (5 years);LINUX (7 years);OEM, 12c, 13c (6 years);OCP 12C, AWS solutions architect (4 years);DBA;ETL;Oracle Dba;Postgresql;Sql Dba:::Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - US Steel Baltimore, MD Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator US Steel - Pittsburgh, PA September 2014 to Present • Installation and configuration of 10g,11g,12c in UNIX/LINUX (RHEL)and Windows server 2008,2012.  • Installation and configuration of 12c Container Databases on standalone servers and cluster on windows and UNIX platforms.  • Upgraded multiple Standalone and RAC databases and grid infrastructure from 11gR2 to 12cR1.  • Upgrading GoldenGate from v11 to 12c and Expertise on Oracle Golden Gate and be able to configure Golden Gate  • Perform backups to secured URL on AWS cloud storage  • Migrate key system objects from on prem prod-DB to Amazon Web service  • Worked New Features on 12c databases such as data redaction, recovering tables, masking the fields, using advanced optimization parameters for good performance of 12c Databases.  • Experience in troubleshooting RAC databases and engaging with application team for gaining performance enhancements for application in clustered environment.  • Applied PSU on standalone TEST environment using OPatch and same PSU (Grid and RDBMS Patching) on production cluster using OPatch Auto.  • Supported in Performing GoldenGate configuration, administration, installation, also configuring pumps and managing trail files by purging old extract files and log files.  • Troubleshooting GoldenGate using GGSERR.LOG and logdump utility.  • Replication Using GoldenGate for multiple extracts and replication and mapping, Great understanding and usage of advanced parameters in Golden Gate  • Responsible for Installation and upgrading of GoldenGate 11.2.1.0.1 to GoldenGate (v12) 12.1.2.0.0.  • Implemented Physical Standby Databases on 2-node 11gR2 Real Application Cluster and automized scripts to delete archive logs that already applied to standby.  • Duplicating Tablespaces and Databases from Production server to Test server as per customer requirement.  • Involved in datacentre migrating large size database in multiple platform.  • Expertise in Active DataGuard, Snapshot using Dataguard Broker (DGMGRL) and RMAN.  • Generated AWR (Statspack), ADDM, Explain Plan, TKPROF, SQLTRACE, ORADEBUG reports for Performance tuning and also used new tools of 12c for security purpose.  • Hand on experience in cloning the non-multitenant container database to pluggable database in 12c using the PDB Metadata clone, PDB Remote Clone and PDB Snapshot cloning feature.  • Have implemented two type of standby databases supported by Data Guard, logical standby and physical standby databases in 11gR2 on two node RAC  • Convert physical standby to Snapshot standby for active reporting and data object querying  • Having hands on experience in Hot/Cold Backup, Recovery and Cloning of databases using RMAN with VERITAS Net Backup and Comm vault.  • Implemented Active Data guard, creating both Logical and Physical Standby databases in 10g,11g RAC& 12C environment for the Production databases.  • Configured and managed Data Guard extensively for Production databases of sizes ranging from 50GB to 5TB.  • Successfully upgraded the databases from 11g to non CDB 12c.  • Successfully migrated 12c Non CDB databases to pluggable databases.  • Created Oracle Wallets and implemented Tablespace level TDE security.  • Constantly monitor the performance (V$ dynamic performance views at peak load) of the Databases and viewing Alert log files & Trace files.  • Experiencing in Installing OEM 12c Cloud Control and upgrading the 11g management agents to 12c agents.  • Cloning/duplicate of database with RMAN and user-managed (hot/cold) backups.  • Migration of databases to 12C from Oracle 10g&11g.  • Implemented and maintained Oracle 11g Data Guard/standby databases for fail-over purposes. Implemented Oracle TDE to provide transparent encryption of stored data to support submission efforts with release of Oracle 11g R2.  • Also worked on Network data encryption to improve the security and also implemented SSL wallet to secure the connections.  • Database Services creation for distributing the applications across multiple nodes, Extensively used all command line utilities SRVCTL, CRSCTL, ADR, ASMCMD,  • Redefinition of tables using DBMS_REDEFINITION, partitioning the tables in the production, re-defining the columns data types, and moving the LOBS to different tablespace  • Scheduled RMAN backups, purge jobs, Maintenance Jobs using DBMS_JOBS, DBMS_SCHEDULER, Crontab and $UNIVERSE.  • Designed and implemented different backup strategies like Cold, Hot, MAN with Flash Recovery Area and Logical Backups EXPDP/IMPDP.  • Handled Chained Rows and Row migration, and solved the database performance issues.  • Implement and enforce security for all of the Oracle Databases; the three basic security tasks are authentication (Setting up user accounts to control logins to the database), authorization (setting permissions on various parts of the database), and auditing (tracking who did what, with the database).  • Perform database re-organizations as required to assist performance and ensure maximum uptime of the database, implement SQL access and tuning advisors recommendations.  • Outline standards in place to ensure that all application design and code is produced with proper integrity, security and performance.  • Evaluates releases of Oracle and its tools, and third party products to ensure that the site is running the products that are most appropriate.  • Experienced with ASM, adding, deleting disks to the disk group.  • Supported development teams for all the database related issues and handled the critical issues like network failures and ASM DISK group errors and node failures in the RAC cluster.  • Generated Statspack/AWR reports using OEM 12C from Oracle 11g database and analysed the reports for Oracle wait events, time consuming SQL queries, tablespace growth, database growth.  • Used Explain Plan, Oracle hints and creation of new indexes to improve the performance of SQL statements. Involved in SQL Query tuning and provided tuning recommendations to Application jobs, time/CPU consuming queries.    Tools Used: Oracle RMAN, Oracle 11g (11.2.0.2) , DBMS STATS, Datapump, SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN Oracle remote Production Support Database Administrator CenturyLink Inc - Monroe, LA July 2012 to August 2014 • Implemented proactive monitoring using Tuning Pack, Diagnostics Pack, and STATSPACK, SQL Trace & TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN.  • Supporting multiple databases for production, development, test and staging purposes on Sun Solaris and Windows environments.  • Applying upgrade patch, maintenance and interim (opatch) patches on all the databases.  • Refreshing Dev and Test instances with data from Production on a regular basis.  • Developed PL/SQL packages, DML, DDL, Oracle tables, Stored Procedures, functions, cursors, triggers and UNIX shell scripts.  • Thorough knowledge in setting up infrastructure for databases in huge datacenters.  • Installed Oracle 11g on Linux platform using ASM.  • RMAN point in time recovery and Instance recovery done on 11g.  • Developed compliance reports and performed auditing at higher levels.  • Scheduling repetitive activities like gathering schema statistics, exports, table space usage report using crontab.  • Database monitoring/maintenance, replication process and performance tuning are done using OEM (Oracle Enterprise Manager).  • Implemented Flashback technology of the Oracle 11g, 10g along with Recyclebin for a faster recovery of the databases and database objects.  • Performed Data refresh activities using the export data pump utility.  • Installation of 2 node and 3 node RAC, Migrating of database to RAC database. Monitoring Health checks of OCR, VOTING DISKS and Interconnect for better performance and troubleshooting issues in RAC environment (11GR2).  • Excessively worked on performing database backup and recovery using RMAN. Key player in troubleshooting backup issues. Taking the RMAN incremental and cumulative backups.  • Good hands on performance tuning related issues with Experience in query analyzing and Performance Tuning for the SQL queries, which are running slow, consuming high resources.  • Performed full & incremental backup (cumulative and differential) using RMAN and implemented recovery strategies.  • Refreshed/cloned databases using RMAN utility.  • Performed Database upgrade from Oracle 9i (9.2.0.7) to Oracle 10g (10.2.0.5) and to Oracle 11g (11.1.0.7) RAC database.  • Successful in applying RDBMS patches, security patches for improving the security and functionality of the databases.  • Achieved optimized performance for the databases by rebuilding indexes, on tables and indexes.  • Automated the processes like moving files, managing alert log, efficient backup by developing UNIX scripts.  • Involved in the installation, configuration and extended support to Oracle 11g, 10g two Node RAC (Real Application Cluster) with ASM file system on AIX platform.  • Involved in converting a single instance database to Oracle 11g, 10g RAC databases.  • Installed ASM environment and migrated databases from NON-ASM to ASM.  • Used TOAD for database management.  • Made optimal use of Oracle Support in resolving the SRs.  • 24 X 7 Production & Development database support and administration.    Environment: Oracle 11.1.0.7, 10.2.0.5, IBM AIX V6.1, RHEL 5.2, RAC, ASM, RMAN, AWR, ADDM, SQL* Plus, SQL*Loader, OEM, TOAD 10.0. Education MBA in Finance University of Wales/Cardiff Metropolitan University Bachelor of Science in Economics and Management in econometrics & accounting University of Buea Skills ORACLE Database Enterprise Edition (7 years), Dataguard , RAC, exadata , EBS Oracle Financials, Apps DBA (5 years), LINUX (7 years), OEM, 12c, 13c (6 years), OCP 12C, AWS solutions architect (4 years), DBA, ETL, Oracle Dba, Postgresql, Sql Dba Additional Information SKILLS    • 5 years of experience in the field of Database Technology with experience in database administration, High Availability solutions, Performance tuning, Backup and Recovery and data movement technologies.  • Administer over 600 databases across Development, QA, UAT and PROD environments via use of command line and Oracle tools-Oracle Enterprise Manager Cloud 12c.  • Installing Oracle Golden gate on RHEL and setup table level replication as well as DDL replication too.  • Manage large complex Oracle RAC clusters with 50+ applications.  • Installed Oracle 11g RAC and Upgrading Oracle 10g RAC databases.  • Upgraded databases from 11g to 12c.  • Migrated and upgraded Oracle 11gR2 Databases from Sun Solaris 10 to Red hat Linux 5 using Goldengate.  • Worked on SQL Tuning and how to use the available tools outside of Oracle Enterprise Manager.  • Worked on Performance Tuning, identifying large objects, analyze those objects and recommend changes to improve performance.  • Identifying objects no longer accessed and remove those objects which results in saving space in the databases.  • Worked on moving data from one storage area to another.  • Installed and Administered Oracle 11g & 10g RAC software with ASM.  • Had fixed several performance tuning issues which relates to RAC & standalone databases by recommending better solutions that could save cost, virtualization, and resources.  • Implemented fast start failover on databases and configuring disaster recovery site using dataguard. Also proficient with new 11g features such as Active Dataguard and Snapshot standby database.  • Implemented & Managed Physical Standby and even Configured Automatic Storage Management (ASM).  • Applying Patch set, Critical Patch Update (CPU)/Patch Set Update (PSU) and One-off Patches using OPatch and run Installer under UNIX and Windows.  • Performance Tuning of Oracle database using OEM , SQL analyzer , Stats pack, AWR, ADDM, ASH, RDA, Explain plan, TKPROF, SQL TRACE and Ordebug.  • Data transferring using Export/Import utilities and SQL*Loader.  • Expertise in creating and maintaining databases to Oracle Optimal Flexible Architecture (OFA) standards in very large scale database environment (VLDB) and mission critical OLTP and DSS systems.  • Performed database tuning by using various tools such as ADDM (Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor) from AWR (Automatic Workload Repository), OEM (Oracle Enterprise Manager) and STATSPACK.  • Performed SQL Tuning using Explain Plan, TKPROF with SQL trace and STA(SQL Tuning Advisor).Coordinated with System administrators, application developers and other DBAs.  • Performance Tuning i.e. tuning applications, shared pool, I/O distribution, rollback segments, buffer cache, redo mechanisms  • Installed Oracle 10g,11g RAC software with ASM & ACFS File systems  • Resolved database network problems using Oracle Net Configuration Assistant, Oracle Net Manager, Netstat and ping utility.  • Involved in writing stored Procedures, Functions and Triggers in PL/SQL to interface application with database system.  • Assisted in management and database administration of Oracle Database application on Exadata platform  • Conducted analysis and feasibility studies for development of Oracle Exadata solutions.  • Monitor and troubleshoot on Oracle Database on Exadata via Oracle database Appliance    TECHNICAL SKILLS    Databases: Oracle 10g, 11g, 12c  Database Tools: Oracle (Oracle Enterprise Manager, SQL*Plus, SQL Loader, DB Configuration Assistant) Toad, OEM Grid, RMAN, SQL*Loader, Exp/Imp/Data Pump, Log miner, Statspack/AWR, Shareplex Top, DBCA, DBUA, ADDM, Oracle Migration Workbench, ERwin, QDesigner, Remedy  Operating Systems: MS Windows, UNIX (Solaris 8/9/10, AIX, HP-UX), LINUX  Hardware: Sun Fire 15K, Sun 6320 Storage, Sun Enterprise Servers 890/880/420/450, Sun StorEdge 6320, Hitachi, EMC, Dell Servers, Compaq Servers 6000/3000/1600/800, HP/UX-9000, Red Hat Linux 6.2
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1537.html#599:::Direct of Information Technology and System Administrator;Technical Support Level 2 & 3/ System Administrator;Help Desk Support / Programmer / SQL Database Administrator;TCP;TCP/IP;TECHNICAL SUPPORT;FIREWALLS;NETWORK SECURITY;VIRTUALIZATION;SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT;System Admin;System Administrator;Vmware;Linux;Active Directory:::Direct of Information Technology and System Administrator Direct of Information Technology and System <span class="hl">Administrator</span> System Administrator - Direct of Information Technology Port Saint Lucie, FL Robust Background in the Information Technology Management Industry with experience in HIPAA  Security and Compliance. Seeking a position in the IT industry with growth opportunity to drive  network security and accessibility. Highly skilled with system virtualization using VMware and Hyper  V. A self-motivated professional with the ability to quickly master new technology to drive process  improvements. A strong team player with excellent communication and collaborative abilities.  Experience in the Health Industry and Health Information. Resilient communication and people skills,  both written and verbal. Able to assess and resolve client issues quickly. A proven record of reliability  with the ability to perform under time constraints, and good judgment under pressure. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Direct of Information Technology and System Administrator MISE Holdings, Inc / SAS Group, LLC - Port Saint Lucie, FL November 2016 to Present Inspect the use of technological equipment and software to ensure functionality and efficiency  Identify the need for upgrades, configurations or new systems and report to upper management  Coordinate and supervise computer, technicians and other professionals to provide guidance  Control budget and report on expenditure    Assist in building relationships with vendors and creating cost-efficient contracts Led server  infrastructure development, quality assurance, staging and production systems.  Provided second-level support for all server class systems.  Planned and implemented upgrades to system hardware and software.  Optimized system security and performance with proactive changes.  Ensured network, system and data availability and integrity through preventative maintenance and upgrades.  Ensured high availability of infrastructure through enterprise-wide planning, testing, implementation and support.  Managed firewall, network monitoring and server monitoring both on- and off-site. Technical Support Level 2 & 3/ System Administrator DrScribe, Inc / XYNYX, Inc - West Palm Beach, FL May 2014 to Present Researched, troubleshot and resolved complex problems independently.  5 years of technical support experience.  Set up PC and Apple desktops and laptops and all types of mobile devices.  Built and provided basic end-user troubleshooting and desktop support on Windows, Linux and Mac systems.  Answered telephone calls promptly and minimized delays that could lead to abandoned calls.  Defined and documented technical best practices.  Followed up with clients to ensure optimal customer satisfaction.  Installed software, modified and repaired hardware and resolved technical issues.  Provided base level IT support to non-technical personnel within the business.  Used ticketing systems to manage and process actions taken.  Worked closely with team members to meet or exceed all customer service requirements. Help Desk Support / Programmer / SQL Database Administrator Call 4 Health - Boca Raton, FL August 2012 to December 2014 Provided excellent customer service through communication and interpersonal skills.  Exercised creativity and flexibility to respond quickly and positively to shifting demands, tight  deadlines and simultaneous handling of multiple detailed tasks.  Maintained composure and efficiency in the high-pressure IT environment.  Recommended architectural improvements, design solutions and integration solutions.  Managed firewall, network monitoring and server monitoring both on- and off-site.  Recommended network security standards to management.  Consistently met deadlines and requirements for all production work orders.  Ensured network, system and data availability and integrity through preventative maintenance and upgrades.    Implemented company policies, technical procedures and standards for preserving the integrity and security of data, reports and access.  Trained junior members of IT team regarding network security and troubleshooting of data  circuits. Education Associate of Arts in Information Technology Palm Beach State College - Lake Worth, FL 2012 Skills TCP, TCP/IP, TECHNICAL SUPPORT, FIREWALLS, NETWORK SECURITY, VIRTUALIZATION, SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT, System Admin, System Administrator, Vmware, Linux, Active Directory Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/omar-diaz-9b682054 Assessments Technical Support — Highly Proficient July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/hlfe06sqfkidgomq Basic Computer Skills: PC — Highly Proficient July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to perform basic computer operations, navigate a Windows OS, and troubleshoot common computer problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/ayycz9yiolwtxvwm Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Cloud Computing (AWS, Azure) Network infrastructure administration  Network security   Virtual Box | VMware Fusion  TCP/IP protocol | Switches and routers | Infrastructure planning  Virtualization   SonicWall | Sophos | Pfsense | Fortinet   VPNs and security products   Storage virtualization  Hardware and software installation   HIPAA Compliance and SRA's
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1538.html#600:::Operational Database and SQL ETL Administrator;Epic Security Coordinator;Epic Application Team Lead;Data Analyst;Cardiology Systems Analyst and Access Provisioning;Data analysis;Epic;Hl7;Etl;Scripting;Vba;Visual basic;Visual basic for applications;Active directory;Security;Imaging;Imaging systems;Pacs;Pacs imaging;T-sql;Bash;Ms office;DBA;Sql Server;Sql Dba:::Operational Database and SQL ETL Administrator Operational <span class="hl">Database</span> and SQL ETL <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Lead Application Analyst and Administrator - GlobalHealth Edmond, OK Work Experience Operational Database and SQL ETL Administrator GlobalHealth - Oklahoma City, OK 2018 to Present Troubleshoot, maintain and upgrade operational database environments including applying Epic server-side  updates to all Cache environments. •  • Develop scripts to streamline administration of operational database.•  • Maintain Unix and Cache user records and security. •  • Monitor and optimize the performance of Epic Cache database instances in a networked environment•  • Modify, troubleshoot, schedule, and maintain Clarity ETL process. •  • Upgrade and maintain Clarity related software such as the Clarity Console•  • Train report writers and other end users understand the Chronicles data model to help ensure the correct data  is used in reporting• Epic Security Coordinator GlobalHealth - Oklahoma City, OK 2017 to Present • Coordinate security efforts between Epic team members, IT infrastructure, access provisioning team, and business leaders•  • Develop overall application security strategy and Epic environment structure to help ensure system security  including implementation design of Role Based Security.•  • Research and implement tools to ease user burden while keeping the system secure such as pass through authentication and AD integration using LDAP. •  • Troubleshoot, research, and maintain day to day security related issues. • Epic Application Team Lead GlobalHealth - Oklahoma City, OK 2016 to Present Maintain all technical configuration, updates, and interfaces of multiple applications including Optum Claims  Editing System and EasyGroup prospective payment systems manager. •  • Listen to and understand business needs to translate needs into actionable application requirements and targeted system improvements. •  • Develop application and process solutions for submission, response processing, and documentation of Hierarchical Condition Category (HCC) related claims information to CMS. •  • Develop custom code, rules, and reporting for various systems such as Epic Tapestry, Optum CES, and Optum  EasyGroup to meet business needs. •  • Plan, perform and participate in operational, system, and user acceptance testing for changes to multiple  integrated systems such as Optum CES, Optum EasyGroup, and Epic Tapestry.•  • Oversee application team activities to ensure consistent, efficient customer service and documentation of support information. • Data Analyst Integris Health - Oklahoma City, OK 2014 to 2016 • Evaluate, plan, design, develop, test, implement, and maintain reports used at Integris Health for financial and qualitative analysis.•  • Use understanding of complex database schema and T-SQL knowledge to convert and integrate data extracts  from multiple systems into actionable knowledge reports. •  • Translate and document user needs and system requirements into report specification documentation. •  • Work with clinicians, operational directors, clinical directors, and vice presidents to establish effective process  designs and support models to increase performance in clinical quality and outcomes, population health  Management, and business operations.•  • Develop detailed understanding of HEDIS and PQRS measures to provide analysis, interpretation, and identify  appropriate data to help physicians meet quality assurance standards.•  • Decrease report creation time by 60% by automating report creation processes using VBA, Powershell, and batch scripting. • Cardiology Systems Analyst and Access Provisioning Children's Hospital Colorado - Aurora, CO 2012 to 2014 Participate or lead in implementation of upgrades and changes of Cardiology applications such as Digisonics  PACS implementation, MERGE Hemodynamics system implementation, and PedCath upgrade.•  • Led cross functional project team that upgraded available servers for primary PACS system from 1 to 3 which increased system performance and provided needed active redundancy to prevent downtime. •  • Act as a liaison between clinicians, vendors, and the IT division to represent the clinical technology needs while maintaining IT best practices and standards. •  • Managed efforts to implement virtual environments for multiple Cardiology applications such as Digisonics PACS  system decreasing hardware costs and increasing application availability for end users. •  • Used performance trends to create proper documentation of support and training documents related to various  functions in MS Outlook and MS exchange which reduced need for incident escalation by 75%.•  • Provide oversight and tier 2 support to a group of 6 Analysts and Technicians when the issue is beyond knowledge or skills for issues related to MS Outlook program or MS exchange account settings.• Education Master of Science in Chemistry in Chemistry Colorado State University - Fort Collins, CO 2013 Skills Data analysis, Epic, Hl7, Etl, Scripting, Vba, Visual basic, Visual basic for applications, Active directory, Security, Imaging, Imaging systems, Pacs, Pacs imaging, T-sql, Bash, Ms office, DBA, Sql Server, Sql Dba Certifications/Licenses Epic security Coordinator - Epic 2018 Present Epic Operational Database Administrator - Epic 2018 Present Epic Cache Database Programmer - Epic 2018 Additional Information Professional Skills: Technical Skills:  • Develop process documentation • Epic Chronicles Database Programmer  • Plan and oversee system testing • Epic operational database administrator  • Identify performance deficiencies • Epic Security  • Overseeing cross functional collaboration • Epic Clarity database and ETL administrator  • Hands-on tier 1 and tier 2 support • Epic Tapestry  • Adapt to change in workflow and workplace needs • MS Office suite  • Develop support and training documentation • PACS imaging systems  • Manage application/program implementation • Bash and Powershell scripting  • Ad hoc data analysis and report creation • ANSI ASC X12 syntax and HL7 Interfaces  • Experienced in customer and vendor relations • Active Directory  • Qualitative and quantitative data analysis • T-SQL  • Transform business needs into functional requirements • Proficient in Visual Basic for Applications (VBA)
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1539.html#601:::Consultant;Senior Database administrator;Senior Database administrator (Oracle);Oracle Dba (Oracle);Oracle dba:::Consultant Consultant Consultant - Infosys Technology Pvt. Ltd US • Got excellence award for outstanding performance from Barclays(Client).  • Migration of database successfully using Golden gate technology.  • Part of database automation team, build and successfully deploy application using automation tool(ipsoft)  • Hands on a experience of Oracle, SQL, PL-SQL, Shell scripting, Oracle Architecture, RMAN, RAC, SQL tuning and Performance tuning, golden gate  • Mainly RAC Implementation / Installation..  • Dataguard build and Administration  • Database build and Automation  • Oracle DBA and In-house cluster projects and implementing on-time solutions to increase project efficiency and decrease costs.  • Experience in managing Oracle Database & Data migration projects..  • Experienced in Designing Hadoop Architecture In-house and in different Cloud Platforms with Production Ready Features like High Availability, scalability ..etc  • Worked and have in-depth Experience in HDFS, MapReduce, YARN, Hive, Pig, Sqoop and Zookeeper. Work Experience Consultant Infosys Technology Pvt. Ltd - PUNE, MAHARASHTRA, IN 2019 to Present Responsibilities  • Mainly RAC Implementation /Installation.  • RAC Trouble shooting issue.  • Database build and automation  • Dataguard buid and gap resolution  • Manintaining backup and recovering data using RMAN  • User Management, Space Management and performance Management  • Administrative support for Oracle database, Oracle RAC DB.  • Setup and implementation of Oracle RAC, RMAN, Oracle Standby DB, DR. Database performance tuning. Senior Database administrator Wipro Technology Pvt. Ltd - PUNE, MAHARASHTRA, IN March 2018 to December 2018 Client: City Bank  Duration: Dec- 2018 to Mar-2018    Responsibilities  • RAC Trouble shooting issue.  • Dataguard buid and gap resolution  • Manintaining backup and recovering data using RMAN  • User Management, Space Management and performance Management  • Administrative support for Oracle database, Oracle RAC DB.  • Setup and implementation of Oracle RAC, RMAN, Oracle Standby DB, DR. Database performance tuning. Senior Database administrator (Oracle) Wipro Technology Pvt. Ltd - PUNE, MAHARASHTRA, IN October 2015 to November 2018 Responsibilities  • Experience in managing database operations, projects and implementing on-time solutions to increase project efficiency and decrease costs.  • Mainly RAC Implementation /Installation.  • RAC Trouble shooting issue.  • Database build and automation  • Goldengate configuration and build  • Dataguard buid and gap resolution  • Manintaining backup and recovering data using RMAN  • User Management, Space Management and performance Management  • User management, Space management, File Management and Performance management.  • Oracle wallet setup.  • Administrative support for Oracle database, Oracle RAC DB.  • Database upgrade and patching  • OEM configuration  • Setup and implementation of Oracle RAC, RMAN, Oracle Standby DB, DR. Database performance tuning.  • Experienced in Designing Hadoop Architecture In-house and in different Cloud Platforms with Production Ready Features like High Availability, scalability ..etc  • Worked and have in-depth Experience in HDFS, MapReduce, YARN, Hive, Pig, Sqoop, Flume and Zookeeper. Oracle Dba (Oracle) Kpit Technology Solutions India Pvt. Ltd - PUNE, MAHARASHTRA, IN January 2014 to September 2015 Client: CUMMINS (US) / UKPN  Duration: Jan - 2014 to Sept- 2015    Responsibilities  • Support 24x7 Oracle Database.  • Resolving issue as per tickets.  • Regular monitoring the database and troubleshooting the errors  • Managing physical standby database.  • Successfully implemented Oracle Rac on AIX 7.1  • Monitoring database space requirements and adjustment for future needs.  • Resolving the issue of hot and archive back if it is fail.  • Monitoring the database availability as per tickets.  • Assign and manage privileges as per client request.  • Carry out logical backups using export and import utilities.  • Backup and recovery of database, schema, objects, datafiles, log files, control files and archived files.  • Reorganization of tables and their indexes of existing database to meet standards or improve performance.  • Monitoring and managing Physical Standby database.  • Basic knowledge of SQL server for backup and restoring database, user management.    • Refreshed the database using RMAN.  • RMAN and manual DB Cloning database (using both cold and HOT database backup) on various platforms.    Real Application Cluster  • Real Application Cluster Installation  • Installed Real Application Cluster on RHEL 6  • Knowledge of Oracle Cluster Registry (OCR) and Voting Disk  • knowledge about global resource directory (GRD) Oracle dba Datapatrol Technology Pvt Ltd - PUNE, MAHARASHTRA, IN July 2012 to December 2014 Responsibilities  • Creating and managing Oracle 9i and 10g Databases on UNIX.  • Support 24x7 Oracle Database.  • Managing physical and logical structure of database.  • Configuration and managing Standby database.  • Database cloning (Manual).  • Backup and recovery of database, schema, objects, datafiles, log files and control files and archived files.  • Monitoring database space requirements and adjustment for future needs.  • Assign and manage privileges.  • Performing both Physical and Logical backups.  • Carry out logical backups using export and import utilities.  • Tables and their indexes reorganization of existing database to meet standards or improve performance.  • Monitoring and managing standby database.    Oracle DBA Exposure  Oracle 10g, 9i  • Database creation on UNIX.  • Hands on with Oracle Export and Import tool (exp/imp and expdp/impdp).  • Good exposure to Manual Recovery & Backup techniques.  • Manual database Cloning.  • RMAN Cloning.  • Adding datafile, resizing datafile, movement of object into different tablespace to resolve space issue.  • Renaming of datafiles, monitoring dataguard.  • Backup of controlfiles (using trace), creation of controlfiles etc.  • Backup and recovery of database, schema, objects, datafiles, log files and control files and archived files.  • Managing physical and logical structure of database.  • Good exposure to manual backup and recovery technique.  • Manage Physical Standby database.  • Hands on with Installing Oracle 9i/10g on RHEL 4.5.  • Can support 24x7 environments.  • Understanding about how to work with Oracle Support to resolve issues.  • Good exposure to Unix/Linux OS environments and tools.  • Good understanding of RMAN backup and recovery techniques. Education BE Pune University 2012 Diploma Maharashtra Board 2009 S.S.C Maharashtra Board 2005 Additional Information Areas Of Expertise    • DBA(Oracle 9i/10g/11g/12c)  • SQL/PLSQL.  • Oracle RAC Implementation.  • Hadoop admin.  • Jenkins &Autosys  • Performance tuning  • User Management  • Shell Scripting  • GoldenGate  • Dataguard  • Oracle exadata knowledge
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\154.html#602:::Database Administrator/Developer;BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE (2 years);DATABASE (2 years);DATABASE ADMINISTRATION (2 years);Systems Administrator (2 years);MICROSOFT SQL SERVER (2 years);BI;SSRS (1 year);Ssis (1 year);ETL (1 year);Data Warehouse:::Database Administrator/Developer <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span>/Developer Database Administrator / Business Intelligence Analyst San Antonio, TX " Business Intelligence Analyst  " Database Administrator  " Programmer  " Systems and infrastructure Administrator  " Information Systems Analysis and Design    Strong business acumen with proven ability to identify patterns, good understanding of business drivers, and make sound recommendations.    Proven ability to accurately collect, to organize, analyze and disseminate substantial amount of information.    Well versed with reporting packages, databases (SQL, Microsoft Access), programming a plus (XML, JAVASCRIPT, or ETL frameworks)    Proficient in SQL querying (comfort with temporary tables and multi-step queries)    Proven ability in leveraging data analysis tools and techniques and extracting insights from data and drive resultant business action    Strong written and verbal communication/presentation skills    Excellent attention to detail and organisational skills    Ability to work in a fast-passed environment and meet tight deadlines. Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience Database Administrator/Developer Webrun Technologies - Randburg, Gauteng January 2016 to July 2018 Responsibilities  • Collaborate with multiple teams (onsite and virtual) and acts as a liaison between different business units and IT team in gathering requirements to be used in developing reports using business analytics tools used by the company (TOAD, Oracle, DB2, SQL Server, FACETS and SMART)  • Build business dashboards which shows market trend analysis of online retail metrics  • Provide business recommendations to decision-makers on how to increase sales revenue, retain and attract more customers and strengthen online presence  • Lead the measurement of Paid Search performance, customer analytics, category analytics and program tracking and optimization  • Coordinate with different departments such as Accounting, Supply Services, Marketing, Sales, and Operations  • Supporting the business with timely Reporting/Dashboard/Scorecard solutions using SQL Server/SSIS/SSRS, MS Excel, SharePoint and similar Business Intelligence tools.  • Support the reporting requirements by way of data extracts, queries, and automating processes/tasks, creating reports, scorecards and dashboards.  • Interface with multiple business users across the organization to gather and understand analytics /reporting requirements  • Build and maintain strong relationships with internal clients, and recommend innovative solutions to business problems  • To support the reporting requirements by way of data extracts, queries, and automating processes/tasks, creating reports, scorecards and dashboards.  • Generate both periodic and ad hoc reports as needed.  • Identify and drive the translation of ad hoc reports to automatic dashboard based reports  • Understand the data, systems and architecture of front end applications and back end data.  • Translate data in a way that meets functional area specifications.  • Provide continues improvement on reporting and analytics methods.  • System Documentation  • Create and update documentation for the entire BI environment  • Collaborate with power users and IT management teams to streamline business reports and identify all end users  • Coordinate with business unit teams in planning strategies to improve the performance of management processes and tools  • Reformat the Investor month-to-date Dashboard on the Business Intelligence system which provided the status of investor performance in real time  • Enhance the performance of SSRS reports by eliminating unnecessary joins, columns etc.    Other Skilled Area:  • System Evaluation  • Creating and managing user accounts  • Archiving and data loss prevention  • Network Administration  • Database Administration  • Local Area Network Administration  • System Evaluation  • Creating and managing user accounts  • System Security  • Training and supporting users as needed  • Updating existing software and implementing new software  • Archiving and data loss prevention  • Monitoring and regulating server storage space  • Tuning the network to achieve maximum performance  • Data backup to HDD and cloud  • Upgrading and replacing of network components as needed    Technical Expertise  Operating Systems: Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows XP, DOS  Programming: C++, Visual Basic, PL/SQL  Microsoft Servers: Microsoft Windows Server 2012, 2008, Microsoft SQL Server 2014  Applications: Microsoft Office Suite, Adobe Photoshop, CorelDraw.    Achievements  • Development of IT Security Policy  • Development of Disaster Recovery Plan  • Implementation of a Domain Controller  • Implementation of a centralized antivirus Education Bachelor of Computer Science in Chattered Information Technology Professional UNISA - Johannesburg, Gauteng 2017 to 2021 Skills BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE (2 years), DATABASE (2 years), DATABASE ADMINISTRATION (2 years), Systems Administrator (2 years), MICROSOFT SQL SERVER (2 years), BI, SSRS (1 year), Ssis (1 year), ETL (1 year), Data Warehouse Certifications/Licenses MCSA Present Implementing a Data warehouse with Microsoft SQL Server 2012/2014 MCSE Present Implementing Data Models and Reports with Microsoft SQL Server MCP Present Administering Microsoft SQL Server 2012/2014 MCSE Present Designing Business Intelligence Solutions with Microsoft SQL Server Additional Information SKILLS  • Project Management  • Strategic Business Management  • IT Strategy Development  • Business Alignment  • Project Lifecycle Management  • Software testing, Installation & Training  • Software Development using Java Programming language & Visual Studio  • Microsoft Operating Systems  • Microsoft Office Suite  • Desktop and Server Support  • Computer networks and TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP  • Report Production    QUALIFICATIONS  • Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP)  • Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate (MCSA)  • Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert (MCSE)  • Certificate in Database Administration  • Designing Business Intelligence Solutions with Microsoft SQL Server  • Database Management and Analytics    PERSONALITY TRAITS  • Resilient & Tenacious  • Strategic Thinker  • Results oriented  • Decision maker  • Focused on the big picture  • Experienced in diversity
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1540.html#603:::Yoga Instructor;Foreign Teacher Assessor;Foreign English Teacher;Account Manager;Grants Administrator;Front Desk Clerk/Sales Representative;Research and Database Support Assistant;Account Manager:::Yoga Instructor Yoga Instructor Foreign Teacher Assessor - First Leap China Binghamton, NY Apply my strengths, education, enthusiasm and experience, along with my organizational and analytical skills to a position  that will assist the company in exceeding its objectives. Work Experience Yoga Instructor REVIVE Mind Body Spirit - Vestal, NY August 2019 to Present ? Teach essential postures, modifications, and alignment cues to ensure safety  ? Instruct and demonstrate how to connect breath and movement  ? Hold a space where students feel comfortable and can expand their practice physically and mentally  ? Share tools that apply on and off the mat  ? Encourage students to expand and deepen their practice Foreign Teacher Assessor First Leap China - Nanchang, CN April 2018 to May 2019 Manage the Foreign Teacher department  ? Assist in strengthening the department and restructuring the management structure within the department  ? Encourage motivation, growth, and advancement of other Foreign Teachers  ? Handle budget and materials inventory  ? Schedule lessons and hours weekly  ? Maintain a high standard of teaching  ? Observe teachers' lessons and give feedback on their teaching skills and where they can improve  ? Address issues or conflicts in a professional, communicative manner  ? Develop new procedures, programs, lessons, activity classes, and demos to ensure happy, challenged students  and encourage new students to sign up  ? Lead foreign teacher team meetings  ? Cooperate well with Chinese Teachers and Foreign Teachers from all around the world Foreign English Teacher First Leap China - Nanchang, CN October 2017 to May 2019 Creatively teach ESL to children ages 2-12 through content language integrated learning (CLIL) curriculum  using various subjects such as art, music, world culture, global leadership, science, reading, virtual PE, and logical thinking  ? Use effective and appropriate techniques to positively manage a classroom of 10 to 14 students  ? Research, study, and discuss various teaching theories and methods as well as personal growth and development strategies to become a better teacher  ? Familiarize myself with Chinese culture and language to create a better learning environment for students  ? Deliver quality, prepared lessons to students  ? Collaborate with Foreign Teachers from all over the world, Chinese Teachers, Academic Directors, and Chinese Course Consultants to create a positive work environment  ? Manage time to complete all tasks Account Manager Binghamton Bulldogs - Binghamton, NY August 2017 to October 2017 Built relationships with local and national businesses  ? Developed partnerships through advertising sales  ? Visited businesses to gain support for the inaugural season of the team  ? Gained over 10 supporting clients in 2-month period Grants Administrator McFarland Johnson - Binghamton, NY January 2017 to August 2017 Compute, classify, and record grant information  ? Review figures, calculations, and postings pertaining to FAA and DOT grant reimbursement requests  ? Assist with quarterly and annual FAA grant reporting  ? Monitor and track grant status, reimbursement requests, and administrative requirements  ? Communicate and coordinate with project managers, clients, and funding agencies Front Desk Clerk/Sales Representative Court Jester Athletic Club - Johnson City, NY January 2013 to May 2017 Operate the payment and balance of accounts for over 1,000 members Research and Database Support Assistant O'Connor Investments - Binghamton, NY February 2014 to August 2016 Analyzed new technology to support financial planners in advancing their financial techniques and processes  ? Utilized online resources/ tools to research stocks, brokerage, investment, and consulting, to assist the Company  President  ? Trained in programs such as SmartOffice, MindJet, Breaking Through Online, and eMoney University  ? Organized and maintained a database with information from over 1000 clients/ maintain confidentiality of clients Account Manager Greater Binghamton Sports Complex - Binghamton, NY January 2013 to January 2014 Manage charges and payments for various sports teams to use the facility  ? Strategically schedule available field space  ? Direct the company's financials and pay company bills using QuickBooks Education Bachelor of Arts in Economics Binghamton University, State University of New York, Harpur School of Arts and Sciences - Binghamton, NY August 2015 Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/lindseyaingworth Additional Information SKILLS, ACTIVITIES, & INTERESTS
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1541.html#604:::Database Administrator; Developer; System Analyst;Network Administrator/Cyber Sec. Operations Specialist;Database Administrator;SQL Server Database Administrator;SQL Server Database Administrator;SQL Server Database Administrator;DATABASE (7 years);MICROSOFT SQL SERVER (7 years);SQL SERVER (6 years);ORACLE (2 years);SQL (4 years);Vmware (4 years);System Administrator (2 years);XML (2 years);HTML (2 years);DBA (5 years);ETL (4 years);MYSQL (2 years);Postgresql (3 years);Sql Dba (5 years);Ssis (4 years):::Database Administrator; Developer; System Analyst <span class="hl">Database</span> Administrator; Developer; System Analyst Database Developer/ Database Administor Washington, DC ? Extensive experience with SQL Server 2016, 2014, 2012, 2008 R2, 2008, and 2005 with strong experience in Database Administration and database performance.  ? 5 years of experience creating SSIS packages and Reporting Services.  ? 4 years of experience with SharePoint 2010, and managing and maintaining SharePoint databases.  ? Excellent SQL Server 2005/2008/2012/2014, 2016 Administration skills including user authorizations, Database creation, Creating Roles, Tables, indexes and Clusters creation.  ? Proficient with SQL Server 2008/2012/2014,2016 Reporting Services, Analysis Services.  ? Experience providing 24x7 database administration and Remote on-call support for Development, Test, and Production environments.  ? Supported multiple Production Servers along with their Development and Testing environments.  ? Administered & maintained several large databases, some well over 500 GB.  ? Expertise in Performance Tuning, Provisioning Users, Database Development, Backup and Recovery Plans  ? Created and implemented Maintenance Plans and Scheduled Jobs, DDL scripts, Stored Procedures, SSIS packages, Capacity Planning, Log shipping, DB Mirroring, data sharing, AlwaysOn Availability Groups, Disaster Recovery Plans, and Database Upgrades.  ? Administered high activity, large OLTP databases.  ? Troubleshooting locking, blocking, and deadlocks related to production issues and index design.  ? Enhanced SQL Server performance using SQL Profiler, DMVs, Precise i3, SQL Query Plan, Query optimization, and built-in tools such as re-indexing, reorganizing indexes, and update statistics.  ? Enforced HIPPA privacy/security standards and assisted in auditing of implemented standards.  ? Experience using Team Foundation Server collaboration platforms and methodologies for application lifecycle development and management of software solutions.  ? Collaborated with architects about data modelling designs for necessary data exchange between applications.  ? Designed, Developed, and Implemented applications through AGILE and SCRUM methodologies for 4+years  ? Participated in the deployment of servers, and provided necessary support to users.  ? Implemented and monitored SQL Server 2012/2008 R2/2008 Best Practices, Management of Data Warehouses, different Replication models such as Snapshot, Merge, and Transactional Replication. Designed and configured AlwaysOn Availability models for QA, STAGING, and PROD.  ? Used STIGs, Business Requirements, and NIST to design and develop enterprise solutions.  ? Deployed numerous production servers as part of GO-Live efforts.  ? Performed data migration across multiple domains and environments.  ? OLTP experience managing data warehouses using tools such as Analysis Services (SSAS), Reporting Services (SSRS), Business Intelligence Reports Designer, and Integration Services (SSIS).  ? Installed numerous service packs and security patches in a myriad of domains.  ? Built and maintained BI Servers.  ? Created, maintained, and managed databases, DB associated roles, and security of users' permissions.  ? Experienced in resolving blocking and deadlock issues with users access to database tables, rows, and other DB resources.  ? Participated in various disaster recovery drills with AlwaysOn DBs and Clustered Servers, and updated documented disaster recovery plans after successful DR drills.  ? Written and debugged Stored Procedures and Complex queries using T-SQL.  ? Created a comprehensive strategy for database maintenance including automating index rebuild/reorganization, full DB and T-log backups, sao policy, purge jobs, email notifications, orphan users, etc.  ? Performed Contingency and Recovery tests on standby servers as a part of Disaster Recovery Planning.  ? 5 years of experience with Change Request management.  ? Managed Production Changes including Reviewing, Approving, & Implementing changes to production environments.  ? Maintaining an adequate level of knowledge of operating systems and applications' software being used to provide high levels of support to users.  ? Updating, maintaining, and ensuring configurations of systems remain within standards.  ? Supporting and contributing definitions to established application and server security roles. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Administrator; Developer; System Analyst ZelTech, LLC - Washington, DC May 2017 to Present The objective of this project is to design an enterprise solution  to replace the client’s current one in use. The solution included designing new and more proficient workflows, enhanced embedded applications,  sample-working applications, sample DBs, and documentation and use cases. I performed the following roles and responsibilities using the below technologies.    Responsibilities:    • Responsible for installing, configuring, and administering Postgres 9.6, SQL Server 2014/2016, and Oracle 11g/12c sample DBs.   • Writing use cases for AWS services like S3  buckets, AWS CloudWatch, Security & Access Management, Oracle IDM, IAM (Identity Access Management), Compliance RDS, File Storage and Management Services, and other code, file, and document versioning control services like GitHub, Git, etc.  • Designed Enterprise Solutions and Architecture using AWS, NIST, and STIGs.  • Designing and developing Enterprise Databases with SQL Server 2016/2014 and Postgres  • Creating Stored Procedures, Views, Complex Queries, Tables, relationships, etc. in Postgres, SQL Server, and Oracle to use and store big data, using T-SQL, PL/SQL, PostgreSQL.  • Upgrading database servers from Oracle 11g and earlier, Access, and SQL Server to Postgres 10 on AWS RDS service.  • Granting execution permissions to users in Postgres 10, Oracle 12c, and SQL Server.  • Working with developers to design enterprise application solutions to run in conjunction with DBs by using Git, JavaScript, Java/C#, HTML, node.JS, XML, and other programming and software development languages for developing applications for the enterprise solution.  • Testing, troubleshooting, and updating code in SQL scripts, configuration scripts, web applications’ codes using JavaScript, C#, and HTML/XML best practices.  • Troubleshooting compatibility issues and security issues.  • Implemented multiple complex levels of security ranging from Row-Level Security, Column-Level Security, Table-Based security, Role-Based Security, etc. based on users’ credentials, access levels, and other user attributes.  • Fixing connection issues between databases and applications, and documenting and designing use cases from results.  • Used Oracles IDM suite to manage access, permissions, and security around database objects and data.  • Creating several databases for design and capacity planning, migrations, and upgrades.  • Working with multiple development teams on logical and physical designs of enterprise solutions using AGILE methodologies and iterations.  • Creating roles and schemas to limit access to database objects, tables, views, and views’ rows, and tables’ rows.  • Responsible for monitoring and troubleshooting Postgres and SQL Server performance issues.  • Interacting closely with developers to troubleshoot application, database, design, and workflow issues.  • Resolved performance related issues to monitoring services, auditing  • Designing, Documenting, Writing Use-Cases and Implementing Table Partitioning in Postgres and Oracle for enhanced security, auditing, and archiving of data.  • Enforcing HIPAA, NIST, and STIG privacy/security standards by implementing auditing application and database tools.  • Adhering to Travel and Expense policies.    Environments: AWS, AWS’s RDS, AWS’s EC2, AWS’s C2S, Postgres, Microsoft SQL Server 2014/2012, Windows 2012R2/2012/2008 Servers, SSMS, APIs,  Oracle 12, and Visual Studios. Network Administrator/Cyber Sec. Operations Specialist Air Force National Guard - Montgomery, AL April 2017 to Present I’m responsible for developing and supporting security measures that work against the identification, reconnaissance and exploitation of network vulnerabilities--such as those vulnerabilities that exist in computer networks, server operating systems, web technologies, project management, employee roles, client interactions, etc.  Project goals also include enhancing computer software and hardware capabilities within a myriad of cyber environments.     Responsibilities:    • Assisting in providing computer/network support relating to software and hardware problems reported by users.  • Maintaining an adequate level of knowledge of operating systems and applications’ software being used to provide high levels of support to users.  • Monitoring and evaluating efficiency of software/hardware usage, providing outlines and objectives to be covered in training of users, making users and employee learning more enhanced and efficient.  • Installing new software applications and hardware on LANs; coordinating assistance from third parties when necessary.  • Adding and maintaining users on the network; assigning application access, ensuring security  • Updating, maintaining, and ensuring configurations of systems remain within standards.  • Installing workstations and printers on LANs.  • Participating in team meetings, providing input and suggestions, and preparing discussion items.  • Assisting in gathering bid prices on equipment and supplies as needed.  • Maintaining written documentation that defines upcoming infrastructure needs and/or requirements.  • Monitoring and reporting licenses on applications to ensure compliance  is maintained monthly.  • Performing duties of coordinator in his/her absence.  • Utilizing technology to provide staff with a fast, accurate, and secure method of gaining access to information so they can service fellow employees in the fastest and most efficient manner possible.  • Supporting and contributing definitions to established application and server security roles.  • Provisioning file and system security through NTFS permissions and AD management best practices  • Applying critical security patches to servers as necessary to prevent zero-day attacks and eliminate other computer system weaknesses and vulnerabilities.  • Utilizing VBScript, Powershell, PHP, SQL queries, advanced "hands on experience with Office 2010.  • Adhering to Travel and Expense policies.    Environments: Access, Oracle VMs, Virtual Machines, Microsoft SQL Server 2014/2012, Windows 2012R2/2012/2008 Servers, Linux. Database Administrator State of Michigan's Department of Technology December 2016 to April 2017 The objective of this project is to develop databases to store MapServices and MapDocuments information and build SSIS packages for State of Michigan’s Department of Technology, Management, and Budgeting applications in relation to their ArcGIS servers and SQL and Oracle Servers.    Responsibilities:    • Responsible for Installation, Configuration and Complete Administration of SQL Server 2014.  • Involved in Set up, configuration and maintenance of Database Mirroring.   • Developing Databases, Stored Procedures, Views, Complex Queries, Tables, relationships, etc. to use and store data collected from ArcGIS servers and other applications.  • Developing SSIS packages to feed data to development, UAT, edit, and PROD databases.  • Upgrading and installing and decommissioning servers using Oracle 11g/12c, SQL Server 2012/2008 R2/2008 to 2014 across DEV, QA, and PROD environments and different domains.  • Granting execution permissions to users on SSIS packages and development databases.  • Experience in implementing HADR solutions like Clustering, Replication, and Log shipping  • Used Oracles IDM suite to manage access, permissions, and security around database objects and data  • Working with developers to design Stored Procedures, relationships, Database Designs, and database bulk inserts.  • Troubleshooting user connectivity issues.  • Used C#, JavaScript and node.JS to migrate data from ArcGIS servers to Oracle 11g and SQL 2014 servers  • Fixing connection issues between databases and applications using Javascript and Node.JS and other programming languages.  • Creating several databases for design and capacity planning using T-SQL, PL/SQL, and stored procedures.   • Working with multiple development teams on logical and physical designs of databases. Working on database security.   • Implemented Database Log-shipping, SQL Replication (Snapshot, Transactional), Database Mirroring, Always On Availability Groups  • Creating roles and schemas to limit access to database objects.  • Responsible for monitoring and troubleshooting SQL Server performance issues.  • Interacting with developers to troubleshoot application and database issues.  • Resolved performance related issues to Blocking, Deadlocks, and long running queries.  • Deployed SSIS packages to MSDB database and file system using manifest file and the wizard utility in SQL Server 2014/2012.  • Used the Execution Plan to improve the optimization of the T-SQL code in complex queries.  • Performance tuned SQL queries and stored procedures using SQL Profiler and the Index Tuning Wizard.  • Using native tools like DATABASE TUNING ADVISOR, PROFILER, PERFORMANCE and ACTIVITY MONITOR.  • Used BULK INSERT to import the data from flat files.  • Using batch-scripts and T-SQL when developing stored procedures, functions, and triggers.  • Worked on Control flow tasks, such as Execute SQL task, Send Mail Task, File System Task, and Data-flow Task, and used different data sources and destinations with derived column, a lookup transformation within Data-flow Task.  • Enforced HIPAA privacy/security standards and assisted in auditing of implemented standards.     Environments: Microsoft SQL Server 2014/2012/2008 R2, Windows 2012R2/2012/2008 Servers, SSRS, SSMS, SSIS, ArcGIS Servers, Oracle 12, and Visual Studios. SQL Server Database Administrator Comerica - Auburn Hills, MI January 2016 to December 2016 The main objective of this project was to provide project and production support across multiple environments and domains for applications and databases being developed for various clients. The client Comerica wanted to upgrade numerous platforms to SQL 2012 and many stand-alone and clustered infrastructures to AlwaysOn Configurations.    Responsibilities:  ? Installed SQL SERVER 2008/2008 R2 FAILOVER Clusters and stand-alone installations on Windows Server 2008 R2, 64 bit systems in PROD/TEST/DEV.  ? Installed and administered SSRS 2008/2008 R2 on Windows Server 2008 R2.  ? Implemented DR (disaster recovery exercise) at SunGard for SQL Server 2008/2008 R2.  ? Upgrading and installing SQL Server 2012 across DEV, QA, and PROD environments and different domains.  ? Responsibility maintaining several mission-critical, high-activity Production databases.  ? Troubleshooting user connectivity issues, and delegating and provisioning AD group privileges,  ? Fixing connection issues between databases and applications.  ? Installing, configuring, and implementing SSL Certificates for encrypted connections.  ? Implementing a Backup and Recovery strategies.  ? Implementing and testing disaster recovery protocols by executing DR drills.  ? Implementing special maintenance strategies such as rebuilding indexes, dropping orphaned users, and setting up purge policies to reduce maintenance time.  ? Implemented Backup compression at the server level.  ? Performing patching, correcting code, and performing Backups of a database's data.  ? Developing stored procedures, and promoting scripts across environments.  ? Working with multiple development teams on logical and physical designs of databases using SQL, JavaScript, Java and other programming languages.  ? Developing storage capacity and storage drive configurations for DB servers using reporting services like MSSQL SSRS.  ? Installing and Configuring SQL Server 2008 R2 and SQL Server 2012 across multiple environments.  ? Worked on database security using MSSQL built in security tools and Oracle IDM. Created roles and schemas to limit access to database objects.  ? Managing Production SQL Servers on VIRTUAL and PHYSICAL environments  ? Maintaining and following change control management policies to seamlessly migrate database changes across SQL Server environments.  ? Upgrading SQL Server databases to SQL Server 2008R2 and SQL Server 2012.  ? Configuring SQL Server 2008 R2 Clusters and SQL Server 2012 Clusters.  ? Creating SQL Server reports using SSRS, and moving them to the Service Manager.  ? Creating database maintenance jobs, such as re-indexing, updating statistics, Re-Orgs, Database Backups, Cleanup Tasks, and Shrink Database.  ? Supporting reporting databases by using backup, restore, and database snapshot.  ? Worked on database security. Created roles and schemas to limit access to database objects using MSSQL built in tools and Oracle IDM.  ? Enforcing HIPAA privacy/security standards and assisted in auditing of implemented standards.  ? Used Oracles IDM suite to manage access, permissions, and security around database objects and data.  ? Performing data sharing between DBs.  ? Code checked/validated application teams Java, Javascript, C#,C++, C code and made changes where need when testing applications' code that was run against the database servers.  ? Used XML/HTML when created online documents for online record tracking, reporting, and storing of data and daily, weekly, and monthly activities.  ? Configuring replication methods like snapshot, transactional and merge replications.  ? Monitoring and scheduling jobs on production and staging environment.  ? Responsible for monitoring and troubleshooting SQL Server performance issues.  ? Responsible for applying newest service pack and hot fixes to all the SQL Servers on premiss and in the Microsoft Azure cloud.    Environment: Microsoft SQL Server 2014/2012/2008 R2, Windows 2012R2/2012/2008 Servers, SSRS, SSMS, SSIS, Oracle. SQL Server Database Administrator Fifth-Third Bank - Atlanta, GA August 2014 to December 2015 The primary objective of this project was to provide a holistic client centric view (360° View). The Client Credit Administration was identified as an area that could benefit from a holistic client centric view, as the work is currently organized by product and exception activities rather than a view of all activities per client for a Portfolio Monitoring Analyst (PMA) or Credit Support Associate (CSA).    Responsibilities:  ? Responsible for Development and Maintenance of several databases across environments.  ? Responsible for maintenance of several mission-critical, high activity Production databases.  ? Troubleshoot performance issues, such as locking, blocking and deadlocks on live databases using tools such as SQL Server profiler, Precise i3 and SQL Server DMVs.  ? Implemented Backup and Recovery strategies.  ? Prepared for disaster recovery by executing DR drills.  ? Implemented special maintenance strategies such as using database partitioning to reduce maintenance time.  ? Implemented Backup compression at the instance level. Implemented row and page compression to save SAN space.  ? Upgrading Analysis Services from SQL Server 2008 R2 to SQL Server 2012.  ? Performed maintenance on databases in Oracle 11g/12g, such as scheduling downtime to perform patching, correcting code, and performing Backups of a database's data.  ? Used Oracles IDM suite to manage access, permissions, and security around database objects and data  ? Provided database coding to support business applications using T-SQL.  ? Generate and process cubes using SSAS and using this data in the Dashboard reports.  ? Installed and Configured SQL Server 2008 R2 and SQL Server 2012.  ? Upgraded SQL Server databases to SQL Server 2008R2 and SQL Server 2012.  ? Configured SQL Server 2008 R2 Clusters and SQL Server 2012 Clusters.  ? Managed and monitored content databases in Sharepoint 2010.  ? Creating Inventory SQL Server reports using SSRS, and moved them to the Service Manager.  ? Creating KPIs, Dimensions, Attributes, Cubes, Hierarchies, Analysis Services databases, Cubes.  ? Configured the options for SSRS and fixed connectivity issues between reporting services applications and SQL Server databases.  ? Used C/C++ and HTML with web application team when developing applications to run in conjunction with database applications  ? Supported reporting databases by using backups, restores, and database snapshots.  ? Configured replication methods like snapshot, transactional and merge replications.  ? Responsible for monitoring and troubleshooting SQL Server performance issues.  ? Enforced HIPPA privacy/security standards and assisted in auditing of implemented standards.    Environment: Microsoft SQL Server 2012/2008 R2, Windows 2012/2008 Servers, IIS 7.5, XML, T-SQL, SSRS, SSIS, Precise i3 and SQL Server DMVs, Oracle SQL Server Database Administrator BCBS - Kansas City, MO May 2013 to August 2014 Blue Cross Blue Shield Department of Information Technology was involved in creating various WCF Web services, which are consumed by several intranet applications (Windows, Web, ASMX and other WCF services). They were used to access and load industry standard messages, such as HIPAA-- Claims Information from the Trizetto Service (QNXT) by the users of HMSA with specific privileges. Technically, this application was architecture on Model-View-Controller (MVC) model with complete Service Oriented Architecture. This also created several Claims Reports using SSRS where a member can see his claims information.    Responsibilities:  ? Upgraded and installed SQL server 2008 R2 to SQL Server 2012 on standalone and clustered environments and applied service pack.  ? Set up Transactional Replication for reporting purposes.  ? Interacted with application team at the time of database migration from SQL Server 2008 R2 to SQL Server 2012.  ? Extracting, Transforming, and Loading data from Sharepoint lists to SQL Server 2012 databases.  ? Managed and monitored content databases in Sharepoint 2010.  ? Migrated databases from Oracle 11g to Sql Server 2008R2.  ? Identified, tested, and resolved database performance issues to ensure data optimization. Implemented SQL Audit 2008 and Server Side trace for auditing at server and database level on SQL Server 2008.  ? Set up active-active and active-passive clusters.  ? Maintaining DB performance depending on the app and business SLA requirements.  ? Involved in database design, database standards, and T-SQL code reviews.  ? Configured Active/Active and Active/passive SQL Server Clusters.  ? Implemented Mirroring and Log Shipping for Disaster Recovery.  ? Configured transactional and snapshot replication.  ? Created and developed Stored Procedures and Triggers to handle complex business rules, history, data, and audit analysis.  ? Used tools like SQL Server profiler and Performance Monitor to identify bottlenecks.  ? Documented the results from Upgrade Advisor, and resolved all before and after issues with migrating from SQL Server 2008 to SQL Server 20012.  ? Involved in troubleshooting all the performance issues for different database applications.  ? Enforced HIPPA privacy/security standards and assisted in auditing of implemented standards.  ? Deployed SSIS packages to MSDB database and file system using manifest file and the wizard utility in SQL Server 2008.    Environment: Microsoft SQL Server 2012/2008 R2/2008, Windows 2012/2008 Servers, T-SQL, SQL Server Profiler, SSIS, Oracle Education Bachelors of Science in Business Administration with a concentration in Finance in field of s study of Finance Auburn University - Auburn, AL Skills DATABASE (7 years), MICROSOFT SQL SERVER (7 years), SQL SERVER (6 years), ORACLE (2 years), SQL (4 years), Vmware (4 years), System Administrator (2 years), XML (2 years), HTML (2 years), DBA (5 years), ETL (4 years), MYSQL (2 years), Postgresql (3 years), Sql Dba (5 years), Ssis (4 years) Military Service Branch: United States Air Force Rank: SrA Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ October 2018 to Present ITIL v3 June 2019 to Present Scrum Master February 2019 to Present Assessments Active Listening — Expert April 2019 Actively listening and appropriately responding in conversations. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/4jmveraylh01ebnn Problem Solving — Highly Proficient April 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to analyze relevant information when solving problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/sa1m5up1e9xtgm8a Proofreading — Highly Proficient April 2019 Proofreading written texts. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/llyxesbduegbkph Data Analysis — Proficient April 2019 Measures a candidate's skill in interpreting and producing graphs, identifying trends, and drawing justifiable conclusions from data. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/gsxfmiky4kuwkoeu Critical Thinking — Highly Proficient April 2019 Using logic to solve problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/lvx-mpfr-ced-gsr Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information SKILLS  Skill Years Used Last Used  Data Modeling/ Database Development 5+ Years 2018  DB Administration 5+ Years 2018  Microsoft SQL Server 4+ Years 2018  Geospatial Data Structure 1+ Years 2017  SQL Server Integration Services 5+ Years 2018  SQL Reporting Services 3+Years 2018  Network Admin 2+ Years 2018  System Analyst 2+ Years 2018  Postgres 3+ Years 2018  Oracle Database 2+Years 2018  Amazon Web Services (AWS) 1+ Years 2018  Web Design/Development 2+ Years 2018  Postgres 9 and 10  pgAdmin 3 and 4    Certifications/Certificates
C:\Workspace\java\scrape_indeed\dba_part_1\1542.html#605:::Cyber Privacy and Security Analyst;IT Assistant/ Database Administrator;Customer Service Associate;Cashier;Cashier/Retail Associate;Photo Lab Assistant/Cashier;Photographer/Sales Associate;Customer Service;Microsoft Office (5 years);Microsoft Word (5 years);Outlook (5 years);Microsoft Excel (5 years);Information Security;Information Assurance;Cybersecurity;Healthcare Analysis (1 year);Hipaa (1 year):::Cyber Privacy and Security Analyst Cyber Privacy and Security Analyst Cyber Privacy and Security Analyst Seminole, FL To obtain a challenging position with a company in which I can be part of a team, use my computer, math, analytical, and customer service skills as well as have the opportunity for future growth. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Cyber Privacy and Security Analyst FairWarning - Clearwater, FL September 2018 to Present -Superior knowledge of excel and other Microsoft Office Programs.  -HIPAA compliance analyst  -Security Analyst  -Analytical skills and techniques to conduct investigatory work  -Investigation resolution  -Training End Users  -Data Analysis  -Training other team members and new hires in certain areas of the application and company.  -Proactive insider threat detection  -Data Analytics  -Data Mining  -Excellent verbal and written communication skills  -Familiar with medical terminology and workflow  -Healthcare compliance experience IT Assistant/ Database Administrator Inside Sales Solutions - Saint Petersburg, FL March 2018 to September 2018 •Account and contact entry into a Sugar based database  •Managing current accounts within the serum for accuracy in completion, checking for duplications, and fixing errors  •Completing and submitting database assigned projects within a given time span   •Troubleshooting computer hardware and software issues   •Installing Windows  •Superior use and knowledge of Microsoft office and G-Suite   •Encrypting data sensitive projects and and submitting them to a shared FileZilla server   •Troubleshooting phone issues   •Installing hardware and software for both new hires and current employees  •Fixing and closing IT tickets Customer Service Associate Wawa - Holiday, FL December 2012 to April 2018 • Provide fast, superior service to high-volume of customers;  • Ensure corporate compliance reports are maintained;  • Develop and implement training for new employees;  • Supervise staff in absence of management; Cashier McDonald's - Tarpon Springs, FL March 2012 to May 2012 • Accurately obtained customer’s orders and promptly fulfilled same;  • Responsible for maintaining and balancing cash drawer. Cashier/Retail Associate FYE - Clearwater, FL November 2011 to January 2012 Stocked shelves and operated cash register;  • Keyholder/handled closing responsibilities for store. Photo Lab Assistant/Cashier CVS/Pharmacy - Rehoboth Beach, DE June 2011 to August 2011 • Developed photograph orders;  • Handled large volume of customers in checkout at cash register. Photographer/Sales Associate Yesteryears Photographic Emporium - Rehoboth Beach, DE May 2010 to August 2011 • Determined appropriate props, staging, and costumes for photographs;  • Photographed individuals, families, and pets in studio and natural settings;  • Provided service to large volume of customers;  • Keyholder/handled opening/closing responsibilities for business.    Accomplishments/Volunteer and Community Service Education Associate in Cybersecurity St Petersburg College August 2019 to Present Certification in Cybersecurity SPC - Pinellas Park, FL August 2018 to July 2019 B.S. in Criminology University of Tampa December 2017 Tarpon Springs High School 2012 Skills Customer Service, Microsoft Office (5 years), Microsoft Word (5 years), Outlook (5 years), Microsoft Excel (5 years), Information Security, Information Assurance, Cybersecurity, Healthcare Analysis (1 year), Hipaa (1 year)
